
 Let me summarize my views on the phone here:
1. Premium build quality.
2. Great battery backup, thanks to a massive battery. Easily survives 2 days on normal use. 
3. The best-in-class customisable Zen User Interface. 
4. Leather finish at the rear adds to its premium look in addition to giving an extra grip.
5. Nice camera with laser autofocus. Pretty good even in low lighting conditions.
6. Buttery smooth navigation. No lag anywhere at all. 
7. Makers haven't preloaded the phone with many useless apps, and thanks to that. 
NB: A charger of 5.2V DC @ 1 A does the job in about 4 hours which is pretty okay considering the juice it can deliver for next 2 days.  
In short, Asus Zenfone Max is a beast that comes under 10 K. Go for it.  
And thanks to Flipkart for quick delivery.   
 Pros:- by Performance of Device  
Excellent Battery
Good Display
Good Camera
User Interface quiet good as MI devices 
Cons:- only (1) I feel is WEIGHT.  
Conclusion:- Right now!! Its the best in the price range.(THUMBS UP ASUS) 
 5000 mah is truly astonishing. With screen brightness mode set to auto, and with 60% of battery charge, It was up for 7 to 8 hrs continuous screen-on + WiFi browsing & downloading + small games.  
No heating issues at all.  
Screen size of 5.5 with HD display, CG glass 4 is good, and the viewing angles are also good. If you were used to high ppi screens then you will be little disappointed. At this price range its really good.  
Internal memory: Out of box, from 16 gb you get 10 gb available for user. However this will be reduced to 9.0 - 9.3 gb if you update ( nothing new just update ) your phone apps.  
Out of 2 gb RAM you can easily get 1gb of RAM free all the time.  
Processor Snap Dragon 410 is a bit of under performer, you will not notice this if you open 20 or more apps or any intensive games. But this processor is a more reliable one than others, and consumes less power. This is more than enough for regular user, and entertainment addicts and average gamers.  
Phone speakers are decent, and loud enough to be heard in crowd. 
Rear camera is good and quick, even in dark it takes good pictures. Front camera is decent but there are grains in low light atmosphere.  
Call quality and signal reception is really good. Its more than what I expected from this phone.  
Overall its 100% value for money. This phone is going to bring down the prices of Moto G 3 & G3 Turbo   
 For those of us who are not deeply obsessed with playing games but would rather be able to browse the net and read, watch videos, listen to songs and not have to worry about the phone heating up and dying due to power shortage, the Zenfone Max is the best choice. The market is currently saturated with octacore phones, super amoled displays and all other sort of battery draining features which may seem wonderful but over heating and energy shortage continue to be the deepest problems with them all. For the few discerning customers who value products that can serve them well and prove to be worth every penny, the Zenfone Max should be the default option. 
Pros:-
1. Great Battery back up: It will take over four hours to charge from 0 - 100 percent but it will be worth the wait because you can rest assured the device will last you for two whole days even with wifi, 4G, & over 10+ hours of on screen time. What this also means is a fact manufacturers usually choose not to mention- the older a battery gets, the more heated it becomes its ability to retain energy decreases. With the 5000mah on this device, there is a good chance that even after a year down the line, you shall still have a battery that can see you through an entire day of moderate use. This cannot be said even of most premium flagship phones of other companies. 
2. The Snapdragon Processor with the Adreno GPU happen to be low range when compared to their descendants like 616, 650, 802 etc. It clocks at a little over 1 ghz but it is super energy efficient, and does not heat up at all. The only time I have felt the device heat up in the past two weeks was when it was set aside for charging. The 2gb ram does a great job of making sure all normal processes run without lag. 
3. The Zen UI might need a little familiarity which will develop over a few days of use. I simply love the way the entire phone can be made to look new and different with theme changes. I prefer darker themes and the zen store has a few really good ones. 
4. The display is not full hd but it is beautiful. If you have become used to super amoled, you might find it slightly less sharp, but if you consider the fact that IPS displays always last longer than LED (its organic film wears out over time) and are also provide better visibility in sunlight with minimal reflection, you'd feel its worth it. 
5. The front camera is decent and takes reasonably good selfies, the rear camera is as good as one can hope to get at the price the phone comes at. 
6. It has something called a 'Kids Mode' which is a life saver if you have children who pester you for your phone, and more importantly, this mode is of great help to people who are not tech savvy and fear the use of complicated devices. It provides a great learning opportunity for all beginner smart phone users. 
Cons:-
There is only one: the audio of system could have been better. There is only one loud speaker which is located behind the phone and holding that area muffles the sound. However, like another reviewer before me has already pointed out, most people use head sets to listen to music thee days, so think of the money one can save by buying this phone and invest in top notch headphones. That is what I have done and I am super happy to have done it. 
Inference:- Get this device if high end gaming, DSLR standard photography and studio surround sound are not your priorities. For 10K, there simply isnt another device currently in the market that can provide long internet surfing, pristine call quality, durable (even if slightly heavy) yet graceful body. 
I'd like to end this review with a note of sincere thanks to other reviewers who helped me decide to make this purchase and a kudos to Flipkart and WS Retail for promptly replacing the first device with a second and then diligently providing a refund when even the second device showed manufacturing defects pertaining to the sound system. I currently have the third device which is perfect and my faith in both Flipkart and WS Retail is rather high as this point. Thank you for conducting ethical business and earning the trust of customers such as myself who would have probably never have returned if the prompt replacements were not done. 
 it has been beated all the phone for the same budget" good battery backup good......
good camera quality..............
no battery heating............
good looking............. 
it is not heavy in his given weight..... 
 one word- best buddy:)
i got tis proucts 5 days ago ..i was planning to buy zenfone 2 ,but i found this on fc and preorderd it..i made lots of research and read almost all reviews of mobiles with in 10 k...finaly i found 4 prodoucts lenovo k3,zenfone 2, galexy on 7 and max..i think asus will be better ..getting 2 days battery back up(2 sim,wifi,3g,) camera same as zenfone 2 only difrnce is battery nd zen ui...if u like gaming u go with zenfone 2 laser ..if u r a less gamer go with max ..amazing hd display better for hd movies ...believe it or not its all up to you..:)thanks 
 Build quality is good...
Buttery smooth display...
Looks premium...
Best budget mobile 
Got it today..Gotta explore more things about battery & performance :)
Super fast delivery by Flipkart... 
This is my 1st Asus product & i'm completely satisfied with this product.. 
 It has a good camera quality.
Has a huge battery life.
Speaker is great.
Games and apps run smoothly.
Its just a little bit heavy. ( cause of the huge battery ) 
Everything else is great.
And awesome service Flipkart ! just got it in 2 days after ordering :D 
 I buy-back my Samsung Grand2 and get this Asus ZenPhone Max , am using this cell phone from last 2 weeks and I would say its a value for money.
I have downloaded some game for my son as well other applications like, FB, Instgram,Google apps and related to food and maps Overall good performance.
Battery life is really good with internet continues use.. bit heavy but you will be habitual in a 3-4 days.
Concerns not now. 
 cons:-
1.Decent camera quality.
2.Some app eventually crashes like google play services,trip.
3.Too many pre loaded apps.
4.Battery though 5000mah but lasting only one day.
5.Multitasking is not very smooth.
pros:-
1.Good in everyday use.
2.Does not lag.
3 Grip is good
But there is no such information about its Gorilla glass... 
 camera hanging occurred after 4 days after use,,,,,,,,, sensor not working,,,,,,,,,,,, battery last only one day,,,,,,,,,,,,,, rest normal 
 I booked this phone in the pre lunch by seeing the cool features. The reality is it's battery drain in one day and its application hangs, every now and then you have to restart the mobile. Finally in 3 days I have to return this much waited product. 
 First thanks Flipkart for delivering this so fast ???. I am giving this review after using it for the first day . 
Pros -
Unbeatable battery of 5000mAh runs for 1 complete day after complete use without breaks .
 Camera is pretty awesome with some delux features
 No issues of heating 
 Display is awesome 
 Touch is very smooth 
 Ram is just 2 GB but what better we expect under 10k
 Well its just a quite heavy but ... I think its because of its Beast Battery
 Sound quality is quite good 
 Leather Finishing looks pretty cool without back cover also 
 Pre-installed apps - They are pretty useful
 We can manage ram easily and clear ram using by other apps . 
Cons -
 Can expect better processor I think snapdragon 410 is quite low
Charing takes 4hrs to complete ( 100%) but we all know how big the battery is and can go for 2 days if normal use
 It must also have a headphone 
 Its external storage should be go till 128Gb 
 It would be great if it had a fingerprint scanner 
 We need to open the back of the phone to install the Sim and Micro Memory card .. If we can insert it from outside it would be great 
Overall - Its awesome and its a beast the reveals itself .. This is gonna bring the rates of other phones low like the moto G and moto G turbo , etc 
 I am really delighted to receive my phone just within a couple of days. Thanks to flipkart indeed. I am not at all dissatisfied with the product in any ways. I can just say that its a king of all the smartphone ever.
AWESOME BATTERY BACKUP. NOT EVEN REQUIRED FOR ME TO CHARGE THE PHONE EVEN AFTER TWO DAYS WITH CONTINUOUS USAGE OF DATA. STILL 20% Left. 
Excellent phone by ASUS. 
 5000 mAh battery is the real selling point for this device. The rear camera is capable of taking pretty decent snaps. There is no lag in the UI, the performance is pretty good. 
 camer was not good and processor not enough for other given feauters and very difficult to replacement 
 i bought this roduct today morning 
pre ordered it 15 days back 
delivery service from flipkart was as usual superb 
guys ont get decieved by the price, 
it has a very very dissapointing camera.. 
i use a Asus Zenfone 2 ZE551ML and it has a good camera. 
mee dispite being an asus fa, wont recomend this for some one who wants allrounder 
all good 5.5 inch good
fit n finish super 
below average camera a let down 
no wonder the priced it at 9k 
only good is 5.5 inch n batter 5000mah 
dissapointed wit camera   
 All are ok but Camera Quality is not upto that mark and Sound.
Don't know why asus is making very low sound devices.
ASUS have to update sound problem in all devices. 
 Build quality and battery backup are so good. But Zen UI userface have many apps which was consume more RAM. After working device remaining RAM is 300 to 600 mb. 
Camera, Battery, Display - Excellent. Speaker - 6/10. 
 I have just received the product from Flipkart today . Thanks to FK for the lightening fast delivery.. I fall in the moment I saw it . Lovely phone. Nicely build and it has a premium look. The best-in-class customisable Zen User Interface. Internal memory is 16G , however, 10.5 is user available . 1Gb RAM is used. rest is for the user. Very good smartphone under 10000 range . Its a bit heavy , but can be justified based on the battery capacity . Recommended for my friends ... Great phone ... :) 
 Hi ,i m using asus zenfone max ,great battery 1.5 days.camera awesome,gorilla glass superb display,styile awesome best phn it will beat samsung j7 
 the product is very nice.the phone is not heating and also battery backup is so nice touch smoothly.display clarity very nice.Asus maded a superior manufacturing quality and UI is good and also Asus want to improve their updates and features as per now generation 
 I got the product after 2 days of launch
Camera quality is poor for both main and front camera.
Sound in earphone is very less.  
It was damn slow when used it for the first time.. had to install the update immediately it worked fine thereafter.  
Rest need to check as its too early to say about the performance, battery life, heating etc.. 
 Extremely bad experience, Just used for one day and now the mobile is completely hanged.. Not able to use. 
 It hangs in the very first week, get warm while surfing net, battery is also not very long lasting as declared by the manufacturer. 
 don purchase ..THIS MOBILE CAMERA IS NOT GOOD .. 
0 Rating  
flipkart r not good i m not setisfiying answer 
 Best Phone in my life.....
Just Awesome.....
Best in class Smart Phone at the price of Rs.9999
First of all I should thank Flipkart for their best short time shipment and no charge for that.(within 2 days). 
Before I purchase this Asus Zenfone 2 laser I go through lot of reviews of the mobile at this price range , especially I compared it with "Lenovo k3 Note" which my brother purchased last month.  
Finally I bought "Asus Zenfone 2 laser" 4 days before i amazed with this performance and features. 
1.If we compare it with Lenovo k3 note at this price range it has stylize arc design on back side it gives us secure and comfortable holding. 
2.13 MP Rear and 5 MP front cameras give good quality decent images at this price.
Cameras have lot of features like skin smoothing effects,low light mode,perfect zooming.
overall camera quality is more effective than Lenovo K3 Note and the laser works better speed focusing.Rear volume control button gives more comfortable selfie photos with the help of index finger. 
3.This mobile gives zen "Auto start manger" app to manage unwanted apps loaded into the RAM when we not using them.So the speed will increase. 
4.It gives double touch lock screen with Zen touch gesture Settings. 
5.After full charge I traveled 200 km by bus , used GPS for about 15 mins,listen to music for at least 2 hour ,watch videos for 15 mins, took around 30 photos about 30 mins,talk about 10 mins , just swiped for at least 2 hours my battery shows 35 % after 18 hours. 
I am not Asus supporter , just as a end user I reviewed this mobile.Hope it will helpful. 
 after 3 days of use..i find the device wosome..working smoothly..front camera is very good with 5mp, but i m little bit dispointed with rare camera..other wise the mobile is very good,,u can bye it ... 
 awsome phone at present excellent battery backup no way to hang ultimatley awsm
 best phone for camera android 5.1 
 I am using this phone from a week now and battery went for 3 days. Its an awesome phone and at 10K. Really happy with the phone, but I haven't got headphone in the box. 
 One day delivery from Flipkart, mobile works very Good, Camera works as normal 
 Overall a good phone . Slightly heavy but good quality . Best part is the long lasting battery .
Flipkart delivered it before date.A very good Front camera in 5MP segment but main camera a little low as compared to mi4i 13MP camera. But beautification fill up that. ZenUI also good . 
 Battery backup is excellent,camera is good,some time hanging problems. 
 Battery life- unbelievable. Smooth UI with regular updates. Handy asus inbuilt apps. 
 good phone best battery backup.. camera is awesome... i have bought same phone.... one for me one for my wife... 
 First of all i am using this phone over 3 months from now its verry stunning and powerfull its super Fast. the powerfull 5000mah battery keps us to be active for long durations ...........the only problem it,s facing is its little hevy............other than that its shpe is alittle buzz..........buts folks it is the best phone to get at this budget.........so if u are planning to buy a phone in this range ............dont look for nothing............go for the asus zenfone max.......................................so guys i wish my information was helfull...........thank you 
 .Premium build quality. Great battery backup, thanks to a massive battery. Easily survives days on normal use.
The best-in-class customisable Zen User Interface. Leather finish at the rear adds to its premium look in addition to giving an extra grip.
 Nice camera with laser autofocus. Pretty good even in low lighting conditions.. Buttery smooth navigation. No lag anywhere at all.. Makers haven't preloaded the phone with many useless apps, and thanks to that. 
 Have been using it for a couple of months now, and this is what I think of the phone 
Pros:-
 Good battery life- I use it for checking emails and a bit of social networking. The battery lasts for min 3 days if its juiced up 100%.
 No lag even when using heavy applications
 You can use this as a power bank to charge other devices. Works well!
 Sturdy-have dropped it multiple times but nothing happened 
Cons :-
 The speaker volume is not great. If you are watching movies or on a conference call with the loud speaker kept on, you will struggle!
 The ring tone cant be heard outdoors, just found it too silent
 For a phone of this size, was expecting the vibration to be strong. In fact, while walking you cant even feel if the phone is buzzing ( vibrating). Even if wear jeans ( where the phone hugs you) or trousers ( where its hanging around) you cant hear the phone ringing/vibration in the outdoors
 Its a big fat phone, I find it difficult to keep it in my pocket while Im seated.
 Its heavy and difficult to use it by one hand
 Whenever the connectivity switches from 3G to WiFi or vice-versa, the phone struggles to toggle. If I move from a WiFi zone to a lift ( where there is no connectivity) and then to a 3G zone, there is no data connectivity on the phone. This is a very typical, repeated behaviour which I have noticed
 Charging time- It takes ages to charge this phone ( while the battery lasts long). In an couple of hours , it may be able to only charge by 20-30%. I keep it overnight for charging.
 Camera quality is lousy. There are many options to control shutter speed, white balance , HDR etc. These frills are useless with a mediocre camera ( well for 10K, I didnt expect much either)
 Battery cant be removed, in case of any fault, the battery has to be replaced 
 The pack does not come with headphone , It hardly mattered though 
Overall verdict
 If you dislike the wait to charge your phone or hate borrowing chargers or looking for charging points this is the phone for you 
 If you are camera savvy, music lover with small pair of hands-this may not be the best phone for you 
Meets my expectations and requirements, hence satisfied !  
 After a lot of net search i zeroed in on the selected model 
1) battery :- well you can be assured of it as an average user the battery last for 2 days
 so no roaming with power bank.
 Besides you have an OTG cable with which you can charge other phone
2) internal configuration:- 2GB RAM and 16 GB internal memory was sufficient for me 
 one can surely get an external memory card if one is interested in songs and videos stuff  
3) preloaded apps:- the best part is some of the preloaded apps can be uninstalled and you can customize and group your icons based on your choice 
4) camera:- if one has a good understanding of camera features then i might say that 13MP camera at front might not suffice their quench but for amateurs this one comes with lots of extra features like slow motion gif face modification and many which is fun to involve with 
5) speakers:- with dual external speakers ringtones and music are quite nice to hear in a relatively noisier environment 
However
cons are 
1) size is a bit bulky as it comes with 5000mah battery
2) battery is non removable
3) looks could have been more sleek( lenovo in this range presents a more better look)
4) could have been of more shades other than balck and white
5) preloaded apps are not of that much use 
overall
for a 10k range phone its good
13mp and 5mp camera is okk but you have to keep the price tag in mind (9999/-)  
 I have received phone on 18April, thanks to flipkart for Its lighting speed Delivery.
Look is good, battery is amazing and Camera is good for those who taking snaps. 
But when i start check video quality inside the home with sufficient light , i am very very disappointed because there is horizontal line keep on passing on screen. it is difficult to remove by settings.( Earlier i am using coolpad dazen1 , 8 mp camera, quality is amazing and equivalent to todays 13 mp camera !)
 i thought i received defective device from flipkart. So i returned the phone to Flipkart and got refund,
Again i Book same device on 23 rd April, received phone on 24th April Same story repeat regarding camera video Quality. 
I don't know whether it is a Toshiba sensor problem or software issue.
Hope Asus will solve this problem in next update if it is really software issue. 
Apart from video quality, this phone is looks good, performance is good, touch is silky smooth, battery comes 1 & half day for heavy users. 
 Heavy weighted phone.Battery backup is great.Pls choose this phone only for battery backup. 
 My first question: Why do you have to buy a smartphone at first place? 
If your answer includes the below points :
 1. Big screen
 2. Nice camera. 
 3. Awesome Battery life.
 4. Smooth User Interface
 5. Casual gaming. (i know most of u seek more RAM say 3gb,4gb, but trust me u dont need those)
then, this phone is just the right choice. 
My experience with this phone:
Battery: Powerhouse. Charge a night.(coz it takes 4.8 hours to full charge). And forget charger for three days. Can't believe your eyes? read it again. 
Camera: Front camera is very good for selfie. Fair n lovely is gonna sue this phone. Rear Camera does it's job well. 
Gaming: I played Asphalt 8 in medium graphic settings with ease. So, all the other mid range games should be able to play smoothly.Hey heavy Gamers, go home. 
Most importantly, which I find most reviews miss out.
Network: Well, both sim works fine without any issue. Network coverage and calling facilities are superb too. 
Now the sad part. It is heavy. Like Real heavy. The golden strip on the side of the phone is also plastic, so, it is prone to colour-fade and scratches if you drop the phone. 
I suggest you go for this phone. But since, you'r gonna exhaust 10k . Plz research a bit more and spend wisely. 
Thank you. 
PS: I compared this phone with Redmi note 3 and i would still go for this. Unless our country bans non fingerprint scanner phones. :-p 
 photo collage suddenly stops working,i dont know maybe i'm the only one getting this prob. Tested the camera along with G3(moto) asus camera is better than G3. Its a beast. Battery is good. When i switched on yesterday after my delivery its around 80% today(as of now) its 64%. Excellent battery for normal usage.Buy one to know more 
 Awsome mobile loving it at every moment when im using it......huge massive battery bought lotzzz of satisfaction....tnq flipkart for such a phone asus....great deal loving it 
 Just awesome phone.. go for it... little bit heavy but overall nice product. 
battery life outstanding. camera more than fine. look extraordinary. 
battery lasts for more than 2 days even on moderate use. 
 Guys who are blindly posting that this one is a value for Buck, I ask them for how many days have you used the phone before written this review??? To me this phone is good indeed but has a major draw back. I have returned two phone as they were having same issues. May be it was the fault of a particular lot. But who wants to take his/her new phone to service center day after the purchase??
I am writing this review to warn users who will thought that the problem is at there end. 
"THE MODEL DOES NOT SUPPORT HIGH SPEED MEMORY CARDS" yes this is true. I am having 32gb Scan Disk ultra Micro SD after inserting it into memory slot of the phone, the device randomly removes my Memory Card and reinsert the same. Firstly i thought that it was a problem with Memory Card, I formatted the memory card through my phone, didn't helped, try to use the same memory card with my J2...it works fine. 
Then I ordered for a replacement, got it by the next day. But alas! same problem with this one too. This time I also reset the device but that was of no help. Then I inserted my Normal 16gb memory card and to my surprise it works without any issue. 
But I need to have high speed memory cards for various reason thats why I returned my device and got my refund. 
Pros:
Battery Backup is good last 3 days.
Smooth User Interface
Premium Looks 
Cons:
Memory Card Issue is the most awful one
Camera is too grainy
Tons of Application is to updated frequently as Asus Zen Ui has all different Apps for them. 
But I will rate flipkart Service 5/5 as without their help I might have to stuck with this one forever. 
 I have been using the product for a month now. Lets evaluate the pros and cons of the phone.
Pros.
1.Good camera
2.Good UI
3.Nice display.
4.Great battery. 
Cons.
1.Too many bloatware.(I had used Moto E earlier which comes in almost the stock android version so these many bloatwares do bug me)
2.Lows sound while playing videos.
3.Bit heavy. 
Now about flipkart. Well the delivery was quick and the packing good.  
All in all a good product and great service by flipkart. 
 i just purchase this mobile 2 days ago but its Photo quality is not to much good, phone touch is not good,most imp this sound is to much less ,while we put phone on vibration mode but vibration also to much low . also its not comfortable with selfistick. batteery drain within 10 hrs 
 I never write reviews!! Got this phone, was very excited. I wanted a secondary phone with good batt life.
But the software is super slow. it takes 2 sec to wake up and lock. absolutely ridiculous for 2GB ram.
Then the camera stopped working in 2 days. FK tech came to fix the problem. The next day Wifi stopped working.
Returned it and got refund. supr sad experience with asus. 
 it's good mobile in 10k budget. charging will take time. Best part is draining also take time. if this has turbo charging then it could be awesome. 
 Writing review after 10 day's of using ASUS ZenFone max.battery backup s amazing lasting for 2 - 3 days after heavy usage...all-around at price of 10k...go for it.. 
 Have been using it for a few days and battery lasted me approx 36 hours when fully charged with data on. I would gladly suggest this phone for anyone looking for a 10k mobile. 
PROS
5000 MAh battery + ASUS AUTO START MANAGER
DISPLAY- GORILLA 4 
CONS
HEAVIER than my earlier YUREKA (CYANOGEN WORST OS EVER & WORST BATTERY DRAINER & HOPELESS BLUETOOTH ETC) 
 I bought this mobile at Rs 9199 from Flifkart and am satisfied with the performance.The battery is excellent and Camera is also very clear. 
Happy for the product.Go for it.... 
 I got this phone yesterday my observations
Pros
1. Camera is decent 
2. Touch is smooth & responsive
3. Medium graphic games works fine 
4. Multitasking is ok but noticed a little bit lag
5. Awesome battery pack up with 5 hrs continuous downloads & multitasking battery drained by 24%
6. Call quality is good
Cons
1.bit bulky
2. Audio quality is not that great ,will have to purchase good earphones for that
3.Many unwanted preinstalled apps 
4.processor shd have been better in this price segment
Overall a good phone if u are looking for decent performance & mammoth battery life   
 Good one, if u r looking for battery then go for it, If u r looking for performance then I would suggest zenfone 2 laser ze550kl, I saw some lags in Max when compared to Ze550kl, and for people who get one day battery back needs to use it for 2-3 days, and monitor the battery used by google play services and then decide and then provide the feedback 
 Flipkart best and Quality delivery.
After 12 days of use...
Camera :both front and rear very good.
Processor and RAM:no hang at all.
ROM: 10GB in use
Display:more sensitive touch than samsung,no screen guard required Gorilla glass 4.
Style:looks cool.
Battery:5hr to charge 5000ma and last upto 3 days.  
 This is a very bad phone that was I seen before in Asus ZenFone. This phone can't instead above 50 MB application like candy crushed,subway surface and other so many & if you trying to install again the phone will be restart automatically.
That's why I am replacing this product after 4 days from my purchasing. 
 1. 5000 mAh Li-Po Battery. heavy users for 1 day battery pack up (also 2 days alive for normal users) [ NO NEED POWER BANK ]  
2. application manager to manage battery draining apps. working great  
3.double touch lock screen and unlock screen. 
4.amazing upgradable ZEN - UI  
5.No heating issues when u play games browsing and chat, play movies at all. 
6.smooth touch gorilla glass 4 (no need scratch card and Tempered Glass) 
7.support all USB drive. micro USB cable include with this pack ( u can play movies and video on USB drive)  
8. great design handle good grip. 
9.Value for money beated all the phone for the same budget" good battery backup good.. 
10. ASUS Zenfone MAX satisfied all smartphone users. 
11.it can be used as a power bank to charge other devices. Just connect the device to the Zenfone Max using a USB on-the-go (OTG) cable. 
13. Compare with other devices Asus Zenfone Max is GREAT ... 
14.very fast delivery flipkart... :)  
no headphone with this pack :( non removable battery :(   
 I received this phone on 18/01/16.
After using a while I found that this phone is awesome and can beat any phone having double price tag.
+ points are: 
1. Good UI (user interface)
2. Best battery backup can last upto two days for normal use while other phone hardly touch second day.
3. Full OTG support
4. Dual SIM (both GSM)
5. Wonderful cameras especially in night. 
- points
1. Slightly bulky and heavy.
2. Touch is not impressive.
3. Sound is not so clear.
4. May not be water and dust proof. (I can't check it as I love my phone and money!)
5. Lack of fingerprint sensor (Generally found in heavy budget phone, that is why not here!) 
 good phone, lemme use for some days & will tell whats good & bad. rest specs everyone had blundered.
delivery, packing, quality all was good. 
as of now only 1 Con i found was "Headset" 
u don't get Headset with the box that u need to purchase it separately, i don't know y? 
 very nice received today 
awesome battery , camera, gaming is nice 
tried dead trigger 2...................................... 
 really awesome ........after using gionee m4 ..best competitor  
as i need good batery life its satisfy  
camera still not cheeked well  
and great service by flipkart 
 Battery backup awesome, leather finish feels good, smooth touch, till now no slow issues,  
Asus can also think for handset with better Processor & higher RAM with 5000mah battery in a price of 13K 
 Used this phone for 6 months now 
Pros: 
The IPS display is way good, glassy. Colors look good and text looks crisp. Not comparing with Amoled displays which look too bright. This looks pleasing to the eye, the text readability is amazing  
The touchscreen is swift, but works with the soft part of finger, unlike other touchscreens - requires getting used to. 
Multitasking works like a charm! Keep switching between tonnes of applications seamlessly. 
The Asus layer on top of Android seems to be light-weight, but pre-loaded with tonnes of bloatware which you can remove.  
Battery Backup is amazingly good: lasts easily 2-3 days, while mostly connected to Wi-Fi and on 4G network for 2 hours a day.  
I also like the build quality. It has a rubberised grip at the back which prevents from slipping. Plus a metal cladding in between. It's solid. 
Make sure you've installed a good tempered glass. My favorite is Nilkin brand. 
Good Call quality too 
Cons:
Unfortunately, the camera is not good. The picture quality is even worse than Redmi 2 which is a 6000 Rs device. Surely lot poorer than Mi4i, which is worth 13K (and obviously no where comparable to Lumia 820 or 925). The pictures are not so good even in daylight - forget about low light. I tried HDR mode also, fine mode, auto etc. But invariably, the picture clarity is either too smooth, doesn't have the right levels of exposure, or just flaky - similar to a cheap device. I've tried fiddling with many of the settings. Just seems like Lens is not upto the mark. It has Laser assisted focus, so it can focus on the subject really fast. But that doesn't change the picture quality 1 bit. I'm quite disappointed with the pictures it had taken :-( But I console myself that it packs so much in a 10000 Rs phone  
The form factor is another smaller concern. The phone is a bit bulky. It is about 1cm longer than other 5.5" screen phones. I just acquired a Lenovo K4 Note, which is also a 5.5", but this one is clearly 1 cm longer. It might just take a bit of time to get used too. 
Now comes the saddest part: SERVICE. Suddenly, few days back, the in built microphone stopped working. And looking up at its website, I found that there are ONLY TWO SERVICE CENTRES IN BANGALORE. The website mentions three, but one of them is closed. They've tied up with Regeneresis India, which turned out to be a 3rd class service provider. I ended up spending 2.5 hours at the service centre (apart from the 1 hr 15 min drive to the service centre to the VV Puram service centre): 1 hour waiting period before they'd even talk to me, and once my turn came, another 1.5 hours after my turn came.  
The service guys are extremely unscruplous. From the point they first see your phone, they'll try their level best to make sure your phone is not covered in warranty and they directly get money from you. They will start giving you really weird reasons: in my case, first they said your charging pin is broken, and hence it is out of warranty (when in reality, charging was working completely fine, nothing was broken. There was just a bit of scratch in the connector, which will happen in regular usage for 6 months, and again, this has got nothing to do with Microphone not working). When I resisted that, they opened the phone in front of me, and then shifted to Liquid damage: They showed some bit of dirt inside, and they kept on insisting that it is water that entered inside from the charging socket, and caused fungus and corrosion. (Isn't it obvious: if water would have entered inside, it would first affect display, motherboard etc and but for the mic, the phone was working like a charm). Obviously, there was no incidence of water entering the phone anytime.  
Inspite of lots of arguments, the service centre person didn't give a computerized invoice, didn't open a case citing silly reasons like tool not working and gave a manual receipt siting: customer reported the problem of water spillage! Wow, what a trick to make it go out of warranty. When I revolted, then he wrote Mic not working due to water spillage. This was really enough. I then called up the service coordinator, Mrs Suma, and explained the whole issue, and finally, they wrote: customer reported: Mic not working. And defect analysis: corrosion. They're going to send the picture to Asus and they'll decide whether it will be covered in warranty or its void. Whether it was corrosion or fungi - god knows! 
The service centre is very ill equipped too - they have no parts, and don't do anything hardwarish. They get every single part from the head-office (possibly Mumbai) and that takes couple of days minimum. So if you've any hardware issue in any Asus phone, be prepared for at least 4-5 days. Realistically, a week.
The service centre is a common one: for Dell, Asus, Mi, OnePlus, Meizo, Netgear.  
Overall, its a great phone, but service is pathetic if you need.
5 stars to phone, 1 star for service. Overall, 3 
 pls dont buy cheep product & no refund only retune product 
phhas jaoge leke  
 i received asus max phone, it is not good and please don't buy, previously i was using zenphone 5 it has 5MPcamera, actually that was good, in this max model they are saying 13MP not at all that much clarity, pics are coming very badly, i was expected 13MP means it'll be good, don't buy if still your orders on the way cancel orders immediately.pics are coming like in Lennova A6000+, waste phone, and one more thing sound in ear phones, nothing output coming, we can't enjoy music in this. stop buying if you buy you'll be regret. thanku. 
 delivery really fast , great work flipkart.
but the product was really bad,
1) camera pics are hazzy and blurr,
2) backside me ZENFONE likha hota h vo mit gya tha 2 din baad hi
3) heating on charging and after 2 hours continue use and also after 4-5 calls.
4) battery(5000mAh) don't last for 14 hours. i had mi note 3g(3200mAh) , 1 saal k baad b 1 din chal jata tha ... 
5) design UI could be better. 
6) so many apps preinstalled. 
 Phone is cute 
Camera is sooperb and frind cam is awsome 
5000 mah batt is very powerfull
Phone modification is cute 
16 gb internal
Good sound clarity and good video clarity 
I am satisfied
Iwaight is good and also screen color is blue 
Gorilla glassand sensor is good 
 While using the Phone Over heating, 
Battery Draining Very fast, 
Mobile Finishing is good
Camera Clarity is good  
 Pros:
Gorilla glass 4
larger display
Huge battery
Decent performance.
Camera is good u will get more controls,mode etc. 
1.2Ghz Quad core processor not 1Ghz 
Cons:
Time taken charge to 100% is liitle high and not supports quick charge.
Needs UI improvements and software update. 
Totally best buy for daily usage and average user.   
 superb battery backup with super fast processor
camera is best
laser function is mind blowing
must buy 
 Battery backup not good it's same like ZenFone 2 laser which has only 3000Mah battery whereas this phone has 5000mah disappointed a bit but overall phone is good 
 it has all the features of zenfone series additionally it has a huge battery capacity.
In normal use it last for 3 days, that is a god gift for those who are hesitate to charge phone now and then in a day. you can charge the phone all the night and use throughout the day.
selfies with Zenfone max are elegant.
smooth screen touch response. 
 Product is scrap.its like dumbbells.processor got hanged some times.camera is bit OK.I can rate 1/5.and I can rate flipkart service as -5/5.worst customer care.they even don't bother about customer and no smell of empathy.never ever I will transact here.lastly the same product is available 20% less cost in paytm. 
 this is really a disappointing thing for me for the very first time i have ordered cellphone online and i received a piece of shit. i have ordered zenfone max and when i switched it on it is not all working its getting hanged, and even keys are not functioning properly. how can these things can happen to s brand new phone, i would strongly recommend everyone not to buy this particular model as few of my friends are using other asus models which are working absolutely fyn 
 camera quality is very low,in low light lines coming on display.
this mobile is not worth for 9999.Rs.
I want return my money or other brand.  
 All my friends have bought this phone.............. It works in an ecellent condition.... but my phone's battery is not lasting................................................. 
 Very laggy device.. Not satisfied.. Battery back up is massive.. Camera lags a lot.. Sound is good..Its not the right choice for multi tasking.... 
 Value for money, the battery is very strong - which was my first criteria and I would recommend as one of the best phones below 10000/- 
 Plus 1, Battery
Plus X^n, For rest of the features. 
No complaints. 
Can't rate infinite points hence 5 Star. 
 ONE MONTH BACK ONLY I BROUGHT THIS MOBILE FROM FLIPKART
LOTS OF NETWORK PROBLEM
SPEAKER IS VERY BAD
ONLY GOOD PART IS BATTERY BACKUP 
 Good Product and Excellent Delivery System.
ASUS is a trusted product and Flipkart is the best online purchasing web store. 
 I was initially scared to buy costly phones online but this product is ausom and no any fault till now. but only cons are small length charger Dan every thing is fine ZenFone max is the top most mobile beds wen other phone is considered ill have heating problem but did don't I don't find heating problem while charging initially it was little heat but after 100% completely its fine  
ANY WAY Ausom & marvellous product  
ASUS rocks   
 Asus phone after a weeks usage makes me feel to write" its a part of the game we see before the game begins".Asus is the best. 
 So using this Phone since 5 months below are details: 
Pro's: 
- Battery remains for 2 days after minimal use
- Camera is good in this range 
Con's: 
- The Mic has issues where by you need to shake the phone while speaking
- The UI is amazing, but it lags many a times. 
- Phone restarts automatically. 
You can take this phone if you have minimal use, but don't go it if you are addicted to your smartphone. 
 Very good Features
Best part No heating.
Very Stylish
Best Phone among 10 k Budget.
Only one negative a little heavier.......but i would love the phone still.  
 I can go on and on describing its features like big screen, 32GB flash (so virtually no need for any data card), big battery (5000mAh) so no need for power bank, etc. Asus hardware is very stable. The back side of the phone is very nice too - gives feeling of a quality product. All in all, I am very happy. For its price, it's a great product and highly recommended. 
 THE MOST SUPERB PHONE EVER I HAVE USED!....i think it as my iPhone 6s +...it is worth the money and i got it for Rs.8999...it is so good and very user-friendly....it is so stylish and awesome....but it is not so good for gamers.....best phone for the people who talk a lot...good battery and superb ram....! very awesome phone!!! 
 In short and Simple language.. 
This phone is awesome. No best phone other then this present in the whole world. 
 awesome battery life guys 
. you guys should try this .. loved it .. thak you flipkart  
 Simply Amazing
5000 mah is truly astonishing. With screen brightness mode set to auto, and with 60% of battery charge, It was up for 7 to 8 hrs continuous screen-on WiFi browsing & downloading small games.  
No heating issues at all.  
Screen size of 5.5 with HD display, CG glass 4 is good, and the viewing angles are also good. If you were used to high ppi screens then you will be little disappointed. At this price range its really good.  
Internal memory: Out of box, from 16 gb you get 10 gb available for user. However this will be reduced to 9.0 - 9.3 gb if you update ( nothing new just update ) your phone apps.  
Out of 2 gb RAM you can easily get 1gb of RAM free all the time.  
Processor Snap Dragon 410 is a bit of under performer, you will not notice this if you open 20 or more apps or any intensive games. But this processor is a more reliable one than others, and consumes less power. This is more than enough for regular user, and entertainment addicts and average gamers.  
Phone speakers are decent, and loud enough to be heard in crowd. 
Rear camera is good and quick, even in dark it takes good pictures. Front camera is decent but there are grains in low light atmosphere.  
Call quality and signal reception is really good. Its more than what I expected from this phone.  
Overall its 100% value for money. This phone is going to bring down the prices of Moto G 3 & G3 Turbo 
 1st of all battery is amazing. Rest other features are really good, like Secondary & Primary Camera, RAM, Asus UI. Overall it's a great buy I would say. 
 It's best mobile for for best price but heat is generating both charger and mobile while it's charging... 
 Best battery backup,nice looking, best camera option,good audio sound and video clarity,no hanging, no heat when it's charging, fast browsing.Everything is good go for it's dudes 
 I have been using this phone from last 2 weeks and let me tell you guys this is the best phone in this category. Without having a second thought just go for it. It has a monster battery. Normal user will get 3 days of battery life and for heavy user 2 full days. Processor and ram are very smooth. Yes I saw many reviewers are saying asus has many preinstalled apps .. yea that's true but you need not have to worry about it. If you want use it or don't go for it. It's not a headache for anyone. Front and rear cameras are awesome. The laser focus technology is just wow. With HD screen the videos are just wow. Still I haven't got any lag and I guarantee there will be no lag in future. It is providing 16 gb internal memory from which 10 gb is for user. You can use external sd cards for more memory. And at last the Zen UI is far better than other UI. It is so smooth and flexible that you will love this. Yes this phone is slightly heavy. Not like that you are thinking. You will be used to it. So guys go for it. 
 ASUS ZENPHONE MAX i bought before 10 days very good mobile working more then what iam expecting more valuble than price 
 The product is good for use .Battery back up is very good . The sound quality is not up to the mark.The sound quality is very bad in head phones. 
 Pros
1. Excellent UI
2. Excellence Battery Backup
3. Screen Size & Clarity is Good
4. Totally Awesome Product ASUS
.
.
.
.
Cons
1. Slow Charging((Its Not a Problem Coz it Has 5000 mAh Battery)
2. Charger Became Heat when its charging(Its Not a Problem) 
.
.
.
.
.
.
.Finally go for it guys...! 
 I love it. Thanks Asus and Flipkart. Mobile works fine. 2gb ram you can play any game good for multitasking. Battery backup is great. Camera quality is great 13mp rear and 5mp front. Go for it best mobile in Rs.10000 
 good one....battery backup awesome camera work gud....best budget cellphone....better product 
 Absolute Great phone
Nothing stands in front of it
ZENFONE MAX is really a MAX PHONE
using it, using it, using it, using it,,,,
and using it with no charging for more than 3 days 
once charged is charged for 4 days in my opinion
great quality, great product 
Thanx for the quality Service FLIPKART
I bought Redmi 1s, Redmi Prime, lenovo A6000, Lenovo A7000, Lenovo K3 Note, Lava iris Fuel 60 and now ASUS Zenfone Max from FLIPKART and will always prefer every body to purchase from FLIPKART. 
 The Phone is very good. Battery life is excellent , need not charge for a full day even with continuous usage. No heating issues. phone running is very smooth. Camera is good. 
 Battery is damn good.
Camera is better than other phones under 10k. 
Design is good.
Smooth surface.
In short value for money product.
Lastly, thanks to flipkart for the superfast delivery. 
 Just wow thnx flipkart n ws retail.....i like it............. 
 the Phone is really good with all the features as specified.
Battery rocks.
My phone got cracked with a small hit.
Gorilla glass proves not at all good .
My previous phone had a starting version of Gorilla Glass and it resisted at least 5 bad falls.
Zenfone max has the latest Gorilla glass with one small fall it got cracks.
Lets see the real rating will come from my heart only when i will go to service center and how they charge me.  
 Nice quality product. 
The two gig ram and board are all okay for thia price. 
Camera is ok not great. 
For selfies the front clicker is not bad. 
The biggest advantage is the battery life which lasta for more than 9 hrs H+ data on. 
Love the battery. 
Perfect travel companion. 
 Nice phone in 10k all the features are best and useful, RAM 1.8 GB not 2 GB. But not bad phone. 
 If you look for long battery life, go for it...
other feature in this phone is actually are slightly cut down compared to zenfone 2 
 worth for money, I bought it for my wife, working good. only problem is not getting flip cover for this pone 
 FULLY SATISFIED WITH THIS MOBILE..  
1.Front Camera 5mp -- Good quality photos. 
2.Wow Flashlight.
3.Speed too Good.
4. Battery back up just wow.. 
 The phone is OK!! Not up to the mark as guaranteed by the ASUS, and the battery is worse, it can last up to the 10 hrs on continues use. Otherwise the phone is good, same as the ASUS ZENFONE 2. The phone hangs sometimes. And the worse part of this phone is battery, which ASUS are guaranteeing that it will last for more than 20hrs on continues use. ASUS says its has 5000Mah battery but its work like a 3000 mah battery. So Guys if you buy this phone, buy a power bank also as this phone need a lot of battery and the battery drains out quickly. Otherwise phone is quite good!! And by the way shame on Asus as they are not up to the commitment!! 
 This phone is really awesome for battery performance. sometime i observing it's hang and little bit heating but overall in this price this product resolve my daily charge problem. While you traveling for 2 to 3 days it's battery continue working not dump. 
 after 3 month mobile phone hanging.some days charge also going down fastly.even some apps also not opening.for a short term use, buy this.for long term use buy some other phone 
 There is no question about its battery backup, its excellent. the only thing the phone lags behind due its poor processor speed. if this phone could achieve the processor speed of Zenfone 5, it has potential to become the next gen Super-phone. As usual it has the best wide angle pixelmaster camera with better low light photography. And the best feature its user friendly interface for camera which has a manual mode i.e. you can change attributes of the camera to take better photos. If you are looking for a phone with great battery life with optimum use, I'm sure you will not be disappointed. But if you want a phone for multitasking, gaming, please look for another one. 
 Mobile little heavy, On cover one model no & on battery another model no mentioned, also product made in china, no head phone, 13 mp camera quality not good 
 Really a good phone. Only issue I found till now is it takes time to charge and at the same time it gives good battery backup. Good for the people who play lot of games and Browse internet has the battery does not dry fast. 
 Nice product , what flickart had told has been satisfactory,battery backup is realy really nice two days max we can use even if we play games watch movies .Really worthy to buy with the best price . 
 Better In many scenerios. 
But the main drawback is that call button won't work most of the times.
Weight 
 battery is very good, sound is very good, software is good, ect.... price is very low according to feature.......  
 After use of this mobile I found that the Battery power and selfie camera is superb and no issue of hanging but its 13 Mega pixel camera is not actual, have poor quality of picture and zooming. I am thinking for exchange but I have no other option around this range. 
 Asus done tremendous job for battery backup.
Max does not give filling like smartphone because of this huge battery.it goes on 2 days with normal use.
I am playing asphalt 8 airborne max not lagging even it is having 1.2 ghz process.
Camera is OK.
Performance is good.
Dont wait go for it. And now they are launching max 32 gb and 3 gb ram.
Loved it.  
 Gorillas glass 4
5000 Mah battery 2 to 3 days 
4g phone
Good camera
Goood performance
Budget under 10000 it is top 1 phone... 
 very nice phone, battery back up is very good. Camera is not bad its looking good like brand name. 
 Asus ZenFone max....I love it's battery standby which was the main problem in my ZenFone 5 
 Pros
 Battery 
Screen size
Ram
Value for monet 
Cons
Slow charging 
More weight 
 Good camera good body good screen
Good touch good speed.everything ok 
 Awesome Mobile but hanging problem..! Camera was amazing..! Battery also good..!   
 Super battery
I'm using this mobile last 15 days , I'm giving 4 stats for its performance. The battery life is superb screen quality is average, overall its good, camera is not bad 
 Nice phone with high battery backup and also nice ui of the system ... 
 Good Battery Life but slightly on a heavier side. Purchase if you need to do basic social media surfing, emails etc. Not for gaming. 
 Asus zenfone max have a great battery and camera also good. Its have a bigger screen size. 
 Awesome phone.... powerbank plus phone awesome...loved it... 
 Awesome phone...best phone for 10k..Asus have to improve in voice clarity in zenphone max. 
 The phone is great the battery life is awesome the camera is just amazing and dilevery was ob perfect time 
 Amazing phone. Fast and smooth and good value for money. Must buy 
 Asus zenfone max good mobile.Super battery backup.value of money 
 Very good design phone with excellent battery.i am very happy with this products. 
 Amazing phone.. good camera quality and the battery backup is awesome 
 Good phone within the budget. Camera and and other features too are really good. 
 A very good product.value for money. Amazing at this price. Very good battery backup 
 Asus zenfone max... just as expected..good features.. battery capacity just amazing..handy... grt price..  
 Everything I heard about the phone has turn to be true when I bought it. #AwesomeFone #MaaaxBatteryLife 
 Excellent phone... 
Pros:
1) Battery backup lasts for 3 complete days for nomal usage... and lasts for 2 complete days and some 1 or 2 hours for heavy internet usage over wifi without online gaming... and lasts for 1 and half days nearly for non stop Internet usage + online gaming... 
2) Nice laser focussing Rear camera, good for normal day to day use... Front camera is good for selfies and live video chat or call... 
3) Excellent Zen UI interface with many handy features but it consumes extra space in its 2GB RAM... Some excellent and useful apps comes with Zen UI... 
3) Supports 64GB external memory card and OTG pendrive as well. 
4) A bit heavy due to large size of battery. (But it is inevitable so I don't count it as Cons) 
5) Flawless swapping and performance without lagging... 
Cons: 
1) Speaker quality is a bit low even wih headset (compared with my old moto g2). 
2) Does not comes Corning Gorilla Glass... you need to put a glass screen guard for protection. 
In my star rating it misses the 5th star due to these two Cons only. 
I've switched from moto g2 to asus zenfone max as I was tired of carrying charger & powerbank...
Now I am pretty satisfied with this for my purpose... 
Still it would be overwhelming if asus provide corning gorilla glass and a bit louder & upgraded speakers (even increasing the price for 500 bucks more) 
Summary:
It is a very good trustworthy phone with enormous battery backup within 10K bucks range... 
Furthermore excellent packaging & as usual timely delivery from Flipkart. 
Note: If you want to give up carrying charger and powerbank for your smartphone then just go for it.  
 Awesome phone. Good battery backup. Excellent camera. Awesome design... 
 Good product with great battery life. Fast processing, excellent camera 
 Great deal with great price ,must try this product .I love it 
 Awesome product.. worth the price .. good cam quality... superb battery who wants more...  
 Very nice phone. With good specifications must buy , there is no heating issue and best part of this phone is its camera quality ,which make is phone no.1 in this price range 
 Have been using this phone for a long time and have not encountered any problem. But ear piece volume is too low sometime problem to hear in public places battery backup is great . 
 The real battery beast my battery last for 4 days . With light uses of game and videos.. and on heavy uses it last for 3 days .. loved it 
 Awesome phone. Thanks to Flipkart. As usual the delivery was on time. Appreciate your commitment. 
 Great Phone, nice specs, good battery life, good camera, 5 stars 
 Awesome phone....long battery life...fab camera...good to use...easy to handle 
 GoooD one..njying a lot with image resoLuton. .....having great performance... 
 Dear All  
Nice phone provide by you 
and good service of your website thanks for connecting with you 
 Awesome mobile, really worth it..highly recommended to buy.perfect 3days battery back up can be obtained 
 Superb phone with 5k battery @ lowest price. I can use it for more than 3 days.
Lenovo is charging 5k battery phones @ 16k.
CONS:
its ??bit bulkyv2 carry 
 Good Phone 
Battery backup is very good 
Best in this range . 
 Good battery back up ..........
Camera is too good compared to other 
 Nice phone having best battery backup .but having little heavy but overall nice product 
 I recently bought this phone for my fren as a gift and the performance is so good 
 Great camera
And look 
Sometimes hang 
Great battery back up 
 It's very nice and fast it's camera is asowme and long lastin battery in less cost 
 Good product..got it for 9999...but now price is 8999........sad to know about price drop.lost my 1000 
 a nice product from asus, first i used zenfone 5 for 1 year, i was quite satisfied with that and then i purchased max, and really i am happy with asus phone 
 Nice phone.. with good battery and camera the sound recoder is same as iPhone quality .phone is not hanging . 
 What a phone... battery back up is too good. Price and product is best 
 Battery;
Battery backup is extraordinary, for normal usage twice a week you have to charge, that's enough.
No heating problem.
Slow charging, it I'll take 5hrs. 
Weight: Heavier. 
Size: some what big & heavy to carry in pocket. 
Space: Internal apps takes some extra space, only 10.38GB could we use from internal memory. 
But overall Performance is good 
 Super phone 
Nice battry capacity 
Nice selfi 
Easy to use
super camera
i can charge my another phone with this loved it  
 Very good product, this my second ASUS mobile phone, in this price ..........I love ASUS phone 
 Best mobiIe within 10k loved it.
But 1amp charger to be replaced to 2amp it would be better 
 Very good phone. Stylish and in working too.
 Battery is awesome. UI is also good. Worth buying. 
 Lovely product with awesome discount. Nice to do shopping with Flipkart 
 The features r amazing bt camera quality is slightly bad as compared bt it's good... 
 Very nice & strong battery. Low light camera mode is awesome. Speakers are good. Overall a good phone. 
 Awesome experience awesome features... At this price... Camera quality is awesome 
 Amazing phone...................loved it......................... 
 Awesome phone.... Battery backup was so good camera more efficient than 
 Best battery backup,
Good camera
Good speed
Overall best phone 
 Nice mobile...with battery hard
No heating and no lagging and memory is aweaome  
 Best product in this range................................... 
 I use this phone last 20 to 23 days phone is continue hangig many time restore this but again same problem. 
I tried not happy with this product. 
I also use Asus Zenfone Lesar 2 its so good But Zenfone Max is Not. 
 Good item and working good. Battery is very good backup. Thank you flipkart  
 Mobile super cost is very low try this so good battery backup super camer quality very nice 
 I like the phone excellent battery back up and performance. Camera clarity little bit problem, 
 Screen shattered from small distance 
Huge call drops
No stable network 
 Awesome product i just loved it specially its phone to phone charging feature 
 Great screen. Good battery. Good camera. At this price it is the best phone. 
 Massive phone u should go for this because it is one of the power phone in the market 
 Much better phone in budget.
...............................  
 This is d phone dat wud break all d records. Cheers up. Best phone ever seen 
 Asus Max is beast with great battery life for daily use.Better processor could have made this the best in its class 
 Best battery in this segment. Good camera. Suggesting .Thou Asus has various flavors this is the best for its battery. 
 Excellent battery backup, great camera and good overall performance   
 Great mobile ... with great battery backup... goes for two days with heavy gaming and video and music with constant internet via wifi or 3g  
Also it has an awesome camera with its laser autofocus and to add to that the pixelmaster ... it gives crisp images 
 Best mobile in the price
Good in design
Good battery backup
Great display 
 Nice phone...
Loved it 
Nice battery 
Over all
Very good phone on budget  
 Nice mobile to buy. Good battery and camera. Worth the price. 
 Camera is very poor....... Asus laser 2 better than max.........................battery backup is normal... Laser 2 equal to max 
 Best mobile... best bateery... best camera & best features... love it 
 Product is delivered correctly. The product is same as shown in the picture. After charging the mobile, the battery lasts for 3 days if the net connection is on for 7 to 8 hrs a day. Excalent product. 
 Gud one....nice to buy...money valued product...i recommend everyone to buy.........nice camera and.more Software features gud UI  
 Let me make it very clear at the very beginning that this phone is a great boost to the reputation of phones under 10k..its super long lasting 5000mah battery works pretty well..lasts for 2 to 3 days easily with normal usage and one and a half day with heavy usage..
Camera is just more than fine..clicks pretty fine pictures in day light and decent pictures in low light as well..
Processor is good..no lags after the usage of one month..games run pretty well in it..no lags..
No heating issues..
Charging takes a bit long time to full 100%..approx. 3 to 3 and a half hours..
Touch is super smooth..
Just too many pre loaded apps..but it's ok..
At last the performance of this phone is far better than expected..great to have this phone..don't think..go for it if u are a heavy user and fan of camera and battery backup.. 
 Grt Battery......Guys, if u r one who travel a lot, then u should go 4 it without second thought.......Awesome battery and quite cool features......Asus r setting benchmark in smartphones...... 
 phne intended as described, initally there was an issue with the charging, but flipkart arranged fro a tech to come over, being a tech guy myself, did the software update .. and finally it started to work 
 Nice one good for gamers..nice battery backup and good UI as well ASUS apps . 
 Good phone i got this phone within 4 days mobile battery is very good 
 Battery life excellent
Camera ok
Weight heavy
Processor good
Interface excellent
Touch poor
Touch fails very often.
Sensor not working.  
 Memory card issue, everytime notification come, unexpectedly SD card remove......
No other issue... 
 Bought this phone before 2 months... 
Its working superb.. Love the 5000Mah battery 
Rest everything is jst perfect at this range of cellphone. 
 Good Mobil Present in Generation I Like this Mobil and I Refer to All 
 Just Blindly go for it, Great Phone under good Price
Great Look
Good Design
Great Battery
Good Camera 
 * Nice Phone
* Good Service by Flipkart
* Good Battery
* Pic Quality is not bad. 
* No Earphone in the box
* A bit bulky.  
 Multitasking sucks. 
Battery is a plus point and frankly speaking I have purchased it for my companion during journeys. Long battery and good camera. Camera is somewhere moderate. Zenfone 2 laser has relatively better camera.
Storage is also moderate "Chal jata hai" type.
I guess overvolt may improve multitasking. But again, for that you need root access, and you gain root access and your warranty is gone. Also overvolt would effect battery life. 
 Perfect Mobile to buy.
Those wants more battery can buy.
Screen Size is 5.5 if it will be 5" its awsome 
 I bought this phone when it was launched, after use of almost 4-5 months, I think I am in a good position to review this phone. Before starting the review, I want to tell, that I shifted on this phone from my nexus 4 which I used for two years. Also, I am not a game freak, I only have Real Basketball on my phone, no high-end graphics game like Asphalt etc.  
Pros: 
1: Best battery you can get. On 100% charge, with medium to heavy usage, your phone can clock more than 36 hours. With just basic usage you can clock more than 48 hours with still 10-15% battery left. 
2: Lots of customization available on themes etc. (for people who love to tweak their phone's UI appearance and all).  
Cons: 
1: Phone is quite heavy, mainly because of massive 5000 mah battery it has. 
2: Plenty of bloatware it has which might be a turn-off for the purist who prefer Nexus lineup. 
3: At times phone tend to become slow in its response. for example you click on some app, and have to wait for few more seconds before it shows up.  
See, it all depends on your objective. Nexus 4 is a perfect phone in terms of performance, looks and other aspects. But I was tired of its battery performance. I mean, I am not that kind of guy who would prefer carrying a power bank attached to the phone all the time, or someone who is always in hunt of a charging point. Moreover, due to battery drain at times, I was stuck in difficult situations at places like the airport where I wasn't able to book a cab just because my phone's battery drained out.  
I see people coming to office, with their smart phones plugged with the laptops or charging point most of the time, or doing certain performance activities just to ensure their battery doesn't run out! 
This phone basically helps me to get rid of all the pain points. For me in terms of perforamnce it is a kind of degrade, but I do not mind it, since it gives me peace of mind when I am travelling etc. that my phone will support me for 3 days.  
Also, before jumping to any conclusion that "I am blabbering so much about phone becauuse I couldn't afford a better phone etc.", I just want to clarify that affordability is never an issue with me in making the decision for this phone. I gifted an iPhone 6 to my spouse, and was very much tempted to buy a one for me. But somehow I personally feel more into 'value for money' concept for myself and the usability aspect.  
NUTSHELL: If you want to get rid of your slaveness towards battery banks, constant tension of battery drain etc. then go for it without any second thoughts.  
My final ratings for this phone are:  
Build quality: 6/10 (heavy but sturdy, not for people with small hands)
Audio quality: 5/10 (Speaker is not that great, if you want to put your phone on speaker phone, then you will not find it good). 
Screen quality: 6/10 (nothing fancy here, basic screen, colors are average, cannot be compared at all with high end phones, but more than enough if you have basic usage of the phone, also I used the phone for 4-5 months without any screen guard, and there was no scratch at all).
Camera: 7/10 ( Somehow, I found the camera good enough :D )
UI: UI comes with loads of ZenUI pre-loaded apps which might slow down the performance of the phone at times (but it is still manageable). 
Battery: 15/10 (yeah, this is THE USP of this phone, and single handedly negates all the other cons for me!) 
Rahul  
 Sturdy packing for the phone, delivered earlier than expected, phone looks great, purchased for my friend, he's happy so am i... 
 Found the product Genuine and up to the mark of the quality.
Delivered the next day of placing the Order (Quite Fast).
As per the working of the phone, I would say the phone is on par on comparison with other phone in same category of price. I mean 5000mAh of Battery, and performance is shockingly great, which makes it a very good choice.
One downside of having large battery, the phone is HEAVY. please keep that in mind, specifications are mentioned, please do keep this one in check.
Of course you throw in more money, you get more on the phone, but as far as this one is concerned, It seems to be the best choice so far.
Kudos Flipkart on their on Timely service as well. 
 very good mobile. i like asus products nice one and nice updates, and batery back up is very very very nice it is the beyond the expetations thanks to asus for a great product with very good batery backup . 
 ONLY PROBLEM IS SPEAKER. NOT LOUD 
CAMERA QUALITY IS GOOD.
GOOD QUALITY DISPLAY AT THIS PRICE.
TOTALLY NICE SMARTPHONE.  
 continuous battery draining ,,camera is super good ,,performance is good ,,but total problem is battery,,so i refunded my amount and goin for Samsung on 7 
 1) Battery Backup is so good
2) Camera is also fine
3) Good looks & Design
4) Only 1 thing is not good that , notification light (LED) is very small & it has only 2 colours (Green & Orange) 
 RAM is little bit less....but except this all are good.
I am fully satisfied. .................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................. 
 Simply superb!! With good camera quality and huge battery! Big display! Great speed! 
 A very satisfying delivery from flipkart. As per the phone, all my needs are met and happy. 
Battery backup is great.
Camera is little disappointing.
Phone handling is easy and ZEN UI is fun. 
 Very good battery back up, very good camera especially front , decent look , battery last 1.5 days after heavy usage and 2 to 3 days on normal usage ,overvall good value for money 
 Well i have been using this phone for last two months.let me assure you,this is one of the best phones under 10k range.camera,battery and build quality is great.Some people have problem with its charging time but i must tell you it around 4 hrs from 0 to 100 while other phone take around 3 hrs. 
 Whoever have more calling & use of Mobile, buy this phone.Don't need to worry about charging atleast for 2 days after full charged. Really Good Battery backUp. 
 Hi all
first time I am reviewing any product because Asus Zenfone Max really deserves it.... 
Untill now I have used only high end devices like xperia z3, Samsung note 3, nokia 920 and comparison is made on that.
After a very long patience and comparison I settled to buy this device.
I have used this phone for 10 days on single sim. 
Pros:
1. Very good battery backup, with connected to wifi or net continuously and using it from....9am to 9pm.....battery charge drops from 100% to 65% only.
2. Phone never heats up, while calling, watching movie, continuously display on........
3. Good display.
4. Undoubtly very good back and front camera.(don't forget to remove very fine plastic sheet on camera lens)
5. Very powerful LED flash
6. Never faced any call drop
7. Good design.
8. Good Asus UI... 
Cons:
1. With only 1 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 processor I found phone is bit slow responsive.
2. With 5000 mAh battery, phone weighs 202 gms and device is bit heavy.
3. Vibration for incoming calls n notifications is not so strong.............that's it....... 
Instead of buying any unbranded device of same cost with higher specs its really worth buying this branded device.  
 HangingTouch screen problem,Battery drainage frequently.Over Heating.Frequently turn off,
SIM network out automatically frequetly. 
 a good buy at this price
camera quality awesome
gaming super
on the whole a good buy 
and a good service by flipkart
the most important feature about this mobile is that if we charge it full for 100 %, we can use it for 2 full dayz, i have tried it, its working good 
 I'm very happy with my phone. Specially the battery backup it gives is awesome. Also the camera and the display, very good. Great job Asus. 
 I bought just before 3 month only the mobile touch not working. The quality of touch is not satisfactory. But battery back up good. 
 I am writing this review after 2 months of using this phone. I loved the mobile because of some unique features of ASUS. However, after around 3 -4 weeks the call button stopped working at times. When you dial a phone number even after pressing 3-4 times it do not start the call. I ordered this phone after one of my colleague bought this. He is also facing the same issue. Even after online help support from ASUS the problem still persists. This is very irritating as in case of emergency you can not call immediately. Flipkart Service was outstanding. 
 I am using it with last 25 days.It has not any issue. Battery is mind blowing. Its giving around 2 days battery backup without charging. 
 I am purchased Asus zenfone max. It's battery back up was amazing. No heating and no hanging problem. I am using second mobile of asus. My first asus phone is zenfone 5 and it's mike was gone under warranty. I talked with asus customercare and 
Phone was completed service center to my home within 10 days. So i am very happy with its service and mobile 
 I was looking for battery performance oriented smartphone within 10k. But What Asus delivered was a Battery Monster. After my heavy gaming this phone lasts 38-40 hours easily in Normal mode. I haven't tried playing on "Power Saving Mode" or " Super Saving Mode" though. I am very happy with its other performance like Camera,Call Quality,Phone Build Quality(Better back design than Zenfone 2 Laser because of its leather finish), Processing speed and etc. Only one thing could have been better is Speaker Sound quality, Volume is ok for me but Quality can be improved. Other than this If you are looking for a Smartphone in which u can play a lot of Games (Clash Of Clans, Asphalt, Royal Revolt, Dungeon Hunter, Marvel Future Fight etc for me) and wanna click Nice Quality Pictures and 3-4 hours of total Cellular call time and still manage to save 55% at the end of the day...GO FOR IT.  
 little bit heavior.bulky
................................................................................................................................................. 
 i used this phone for over 2 months and the phone is flawless. Battery life is very good with the help of screen dimmer apps the phone last for 2 days even when 3D Data is on. 
build quality is awesome specially screen is very tough. Dont waste your money for buying scratch guard or tempered glass. 
CONS:
1. PHONE IS DOESN'T HAVE GYROSCOPE SENSOR SO NO VR HEADSET COMPATIBILITY
2. XPOSED FRAMEWORK ISSUE:i like tweaking my phone with the help of Xposed framework but this device have lots of problem installing 
 It's a one of the reliable handset. 
Pros:
1. No hanging
2. Good batter back-up
3. Stylish look
4. Good camera features
5. Reasonable price.
5. Also the speedy delivery by Flipkart 
Cons:
1. Bulky feel (weight)
2. High charging time.
3. Should have the diamond cut edges 
 Have been using it almost a week, battery is fantastic, hardware/built quality is superb, battery is good. One must not forget that it has 5k mAh so it will take time to juice up completely, so one needs to have patience while charging, the textured back panel and the rose gold rim around it's sides, gives a very premium look. Camera is acceptable in the day light, but at night, losses all the points earned-both front and rear. Software is ok, don't expect to much from it, multi-tasking-even running 2/3 apps is a great challenge-it lags-YES IT LAGS-due to low processor. UVI is unique BUT comes with many unwanted pre-storage apps, which consumes almost 6GB of its 16GB inbuilt storage, leaving only 10GB for the usage. Good there is an option for external storage, which can supports upto 128GB SD card. Micro USB runs smoothly, BUT no option to eject, so once work is down, just have to pull out the OTG, giving an errors stating the data saved or copied may not be saved properly. Considering the processor and other -ve points, it should have been placed in the price range of 6500-8000 only and not at 9999. I have held back 2 stars because 1. it lags (processor) and 2.camera at night / low lights is not at par as compared to its competitors. 
 i love this mobile its very amazing for its battery i don't have to charge it for 2 days 
it have a very good quality of its image 
 It is really a good product to buy and had all most all the requirements that a customer needed and had long lasting battery life for 2 days 
 HONEST REVIEW AFTER 2 MONTHS OF USAGE.
The major pro: Battery! 24 hours of cell standy with continuous wifi on, 2 hours of music, 3 hours of video playback, 2 hours of gaming, and a Superb SCREEN ON TIME OF 15 HOURS!! And there's still 20% remaining of the battery..
Camera quality a bit low as compared to the 13mp..doesnt seem a 13 camera.Front facing 5mp is superb..lots of camera modes for selfies..
Processor is smooth as butter. 0% heating issue..have played asphalt 8,modern combat 5, dead trigger, fifa 15, wwe 2k15 PSP iso, no lags, but few frame drops..Dont recommend for heavy gamers
Battery takes around 4-5 hours to charge but its worth the wait. Display quality perfect..viewing angles are good..outdoor display perfect on full brightness..
I have installed around 15-20 applications and i still get free Memory of around 800-1GB out of the 2GB RAM. Was confused between this and the redmi note 3..ultimately, brought this and totally Satisfied with Asus. 
Thumbs Up for asus And Flipkart. 
Will give 9/10 for asus 
 Good Product @ 10K 
Good Zen GUI
Best Battery Life
Camera is good (don't compare with expensive smartform)
5.5'" screen 
Performance is good. 
 this is best offer for smartfone under 10000 with good configuration and huge battery and good camera with auto focus 
 ZENFONE IS A GOOD PRODUCT. AWESOME BATTERY BACKUP. THE ONLY CON IS THAT THE CAMERA IS NOT THAT GOOD. OVERALL IT IS GOOD. 
 I got this phone for a friend who doesnt get much time to charge the battery so end up with no power at crucial moments. It was very important as the friend is a female. 
Now it lasts more than 2 days with a single charge
Screen resolution is decent  
Only cons:
Average camera
Screen brightness is still not as bright at maximum
Audio could have been louder  
At Rs.9999 we aren't expecting much but the battery performance was our concern and its performance there is overwhelming. 
 fully satisfied................excellent product 
long lasting battery
no need to charge for 3 days with full time 4g working................ 
 I have been using this phone for about a week now and would like to jot down my reviews about this phone: 
Pros:
1) The battery goes for about 2 days on a full charge with music, data and calls.
2) The screen has some nice viewing angles and sunlight readability is upto the mark. 
Cons:
1) A 2A fast charger should have been included. It takes almost 4 hours for a full charge.
2) The device volume is very low. You would need to stress out your ears at times.
3) There are a lot of system updates which pour in daily. It's irritating because the notification pop-up appears till you don't update it.
4) The camera produces noisy images. 
Also, remember that this cell is heavy(considering the battery). So be sure you are prepared for it. 
 Got this phone on 21/04/16 & using it day and night. There is no issue with the phone. I love using it, those who see my phone, they also say its very good. The main thing which make me to love it more is its front & rear camera which is truly amazing. Out of 10 points I will give it 9 cause it should have been 3gb ram instead of 2gb. Apart from this its wonderful. 
 I am using this phone from last 20 days and the experience is quiet satisfying.  
The Pros: 
1. I use wifi only for internet purpose for 16 hours a day. It gives me 3 days of battery back up. (I don't play games. Watch videos in mobile approx half an hour a day.)
2. Didn't face any heating issues.
3. Look wise pretty decent.
4. Front camera is very good.
5. Main camera is average. 
The Cons: 
1. Sound is loud but the quality is not very good or clear either in phone or headphone (used Sony and Sennheiser).
2. If you have used HTC before, you may feel some lag in touch.
3. It's a bit heavy. If you are watching the video by lying down on the bed, be careful. If it fell down on your face, you may get injured unexpectedly. :D :P 
 Sexy phone and awesome battery back up very big in size bigger than redmi note 4 but the only problem is with the processor very poor in performance it wont support big apps and often hangs apart from this every thing is superb minimum 9 hours usage on gaming???????? 
 nice battery backup full 24hr. Net On and my phone working but video play battery not working 24hr. 
thank you 
 overall good.. 
great battery.
good camera
a hell lot of bloat ware..
bt a bit heavy..bt still feels premium. 
 A phone which delivers what it claims....
Flipkart delivered the phone in just 12 hours. Battery - a great hit... 2 days with continuous internet usage. Build is good. the Zen UI is also quite helpful and easy on the hand. 
Camera is great in good lighting, but in the dark there is lots of noise.
Overall a great phone for the price paid.  
 Good mobile but the phone hit some time use. Camera quality is good and performance is ok with this price 
 Remarkable Battery Life.
Lasts 4 Days with Intermittent Wifi usage(Not tried with Mobile data).
Good cameras 
Tried running car racing 3D and phone hang up, touch screen becomes inactive. It remains in that condition almost 30 mins until force restart. 
working smoothly after that. 
 Great Phone with great features.. love the Asus Zen UI.. not to forget the great battery life.. Expecting Asus Team will add more new features..to their UI.. 
 Good Phone, 
Very good battery back up, 
Good software performance, 
Camera average,
Easy to handle,
No heat, 
 100% satisfied with this product very good battery backup i prefer who looks for mobile for more chatting and calls dis phone is perfect one 
 Really its amezine features both camera quality is excellent when battery is fully charged it take two days easily. 
 i used this phone just 15 days and after that display gone.so i return that to flipkart.in 15 days using experience good,battery backup nice,but little lags while playing games and net on,display good.full charge take long time.over all for basic and normal use its nice device.
flipkart service very nice.thanks to flipkart, 
 Excellent phone. I am using it for last one week.I found any problem of it.Excellent interface..camera awesome .battery life nothing to say. 
Overall a very good phone  
 Asus. ZenFone Max It is very hanging I faced hanging I'll purchase a within 20 days the phone is hanging sometimes 
 Just go for it without thinking twice!!! Phone with full charge, if u put your net on for 24x7 and play games,listen music whole day, then at the end of the day battery charge will be 50-60%. And without having the said cases, charge will last for 4-5 days. 
 review giving after 2 months using, it giving good battery pickup, good camera compare honor 5x, sony c5,
but draw back is weight of the phone is heavy 
 I am using ASUS ZenFone max for 2 weeks.excellent battery.touch.camera all are.but my issue is the phone screen you told it is gorilla glass.I think which it is not broking at any situation.but its broken for a little height from my hand...please excuse me .exchange this.get me a new one.... 
 I got this phone in two days. Express delivery by Flipkart. 
 1st of all I would like to thank Flipkart for marketing this product. It is not only a smartphone but a power bank which delivers 4 days battery back up on continues net browsing in 3G/4G mode. I am saying this from my personal experience. I am satisfied with it as it is giving me unlimited fun without showing battery low symptoms. Other functions like Camera, Speed, Screen etc are good as always.   
 Good feature :
1. Build quality.
2. Battery is just great . I stay online whole day but still I have 45% left at 9 PM .
3. Display 720p not full HD, yet display is very good. 
Bad features:
1. Camera is not that good comparing to other smartphone at this price range.
2. Little heavy for a mobile phone.
3. Probably not for gamer. 
This smartphone is good choice for average user .
Alternate: Moto g 3rd gen 
 THIS MOBILE BATTARY WORKING SUPPER BUT RARE CAMERA CLERITY NOT CLEAR BECAUSE OF 13MGF PHOTO SHOWIN BELWO 5MGF 
 It has been 2 weeks since I bought my ASUS Zenfone MAX from Flipkart. My main concern was regarding the battery. I wondered if the (previous) reviews were accurate about how long it takes to discharge completely.  
In my first week, it took me 3 days to discharge the battery. I found if the apps are left running in the background, the phone completely drains out in one and half to two days. If the apps are hibernated at end of the day (I use the "Battery Saver" option in CM Security to hibernate the apps), the phones lasts for two and half days.
It takes me one whole night (about 5-7 hours) to recharge the phone.  
I am pretty happy with this phone. I give it a 4 out of 5 (overall).  
 Phone is excellent expect the below two features, rest all very good and worth buying.  
Camera quality is good, not excellent .. The best part in camera is Beautification in camera options. Volume is little low for loud speaker and for Music even. 
Main advantage is Power Backup. With 5000 Mah battery phone back up coming great even with GPRS on and most of the time used, almost battery life came close to 2.5 days. 
 I am using this phone from about 1 month. 
So first Pros:-
1-Very Very Very Good Battery Backup
2-Pro Design
3-Good graphics for games around 600 mb to 800 mb
4-No Heating Issue
5.Very good Multi Tasking
6-Good camera(Both) 
Now Cons:-
1-No Fast Charger
2-LED Indicator is too small 
3-Lots of PRE-INSTALLED apps 
 I have bought Asus Zenfone Max 10 days ago and now i am feeling that i have chosen the perfect phone according to my budget.The screen size and resolution are good.The battery backup is the best i have ever seen in any smartphone.The camera quality is also perfect and the laser focus gives the amazing touch to the picture quality, front cam is also great. The only thing which is not jolly about this phone is its weight as its a bit heavy as compared to other smartphones in the same category but still it doesnt make it a negative feature. If someone has his/her budget around 10K this is the best phone.Flipkart service was great as always. 
 OMG This asus zenfone max is unbelievable. Loved it! GO FOR IT
THIS PHONE HAS A500mah battery which last for 3 days..... In heavy use.and this phone performance is very very goodthe phone camera quality is excellent but we have to say everything a little bit wait but not too much,so go for phone I loved it and you may be loved it and in this 10000 budget this is a best budget phone 
 Good battery life, good touch, but after putting tempered glass touch became slow. 
Speaker system should be improved. 
Flipkart delivery is very prompt and early, love to buy more things from flipkart 
 I buy asus max phone for my friend he impressed to see the phone best features in the phone and battery 
 1.stylish phone
2.camera is excellent both rear and front
3.no heating
4.bettery back up excellent
5.audio quality is great if you comapre to asus zenfone 2
6.little bit heavy but after 3 4 day you wil be used to it.
7.5.5 inch HD display.
8.This is my 1st Asus product & i'm completely satisfied with this product.. 
What can you expect with 10k budget
Go for it with out any second thought. 
 The performance of this phone is not like what you may think. The 2gb ram memory is worthless when it comes to high multitasking. If you switch the animations off it feels like phone will take years to open an application. 
 The best phone for 10k .
The phone is superb ,
Great camera,
Good battery life,
classic finish,
Overall the best phone I would suggest. 
 it is a great phone. you can use for 3 days without charging. camera quality is like DSLR shot. you will love this phone. for game lover, you found a great phone @9999. all high fi game can be played without any start up and hang. it is simply great 
 Build quality is good...
Buttery smooth display...
Looks premium...
Best budget mobile nice back cover pixelcamera is best and lowlight mode camara best 
 Ok. so here comed Asus with a premium budget range Android device that has an excellent 5000 mah battery, beautiful user interface and excellent touch feel. it adds a new dimension to your smartphone using experience, sometimes rhe device could have responded better, but in this price segment it is one of the best and could give strong competition to the big brands 
 Amazing phone ! The battery is epic.. u mite think the specs are low coz it gets a bigger battery but honestly its pretty damn fast. No lag at all . 
 Product is a crap, hangs very frequently
Make a call is a mission impossible, needs to keep tapping on the phone atleast 3-5 times 
GPS goes offline even in broad day light on open sky environment 
Only USP that I decided to go for this mobile is it had huge battery, but whats the use of huge battery when basic mobile features are difficult to get thru. 
Cheap quality low end phone packed with 5000mAH battery to make it sell able. 
 awesome phone. in this budget it pretty nice.
features are also very nice.
mainly battery backup.
though it little heavy as a phone but other than that its nice.
and delivery was superb. 
 Considering price of the product everything looks fine except the video play.
After 4 to 5 sec of video play, the video get stuck for a while but audio continue and then the video will be lagging from audio. Frustrating...   
 the phone is good...camera is good...both rear and front.... performance didn't show a lag while multitasking.. on a single charge, it works approximately 3 days with internet usage and Regular calls and sms...so a decent pick... go for it..if u want good battery and Decent performance..
But If u want to buy it for heavy multitasking and gaming..then i m not sure about it... but for normal usage it is one of the best picks now... 
 This fone having really rich looks and it's good big in size display quality is excllent battery superb last long for 3 days with full internet games and normal usage.
Only single issue found volume of mobile speaker is too much low. 
Rest amazing phone. worth to buy. 
 Initially battery was a bit weak.... lasted only 1 day... did a factory reset and now the phone easily lasts 3.5 days on light usage... I just play games occasionally (1 hour a day) and browse net for 2 hours a day with a mail id synced..... its been a month almost and I would have recharged my battery probably 6 to 7 times only.... The phone looks more premium than in the Pics.... 
 It was an worst phone ever I see it was hanging in first day itself I Wil return the phone in one day itself.I don't install any apps but the phone will hanging.I think battery also not good as high. 
 the camera and battery are super one. the interfac and the zenfone themes are well which make the phone more intersting. 
but the material used is too cheap. glass is not gorilla glass as mentioned. back is too fragile. the logo gets washed away within 2 months. sound quality is poor when we talk about the speaker. speaker volume is too low for ringtone as well. 
 What a battery performance...Camera also superb especially front camera is awesome for selfies.....Reasonable price$$$ 
 I bought this phone 1mnth ago. Initially it worked great. Last week i updated my phone from ASUS service center after that problem begins. My battery started dying fast, during game time it begin heating so much. I really disappointed a lot whether it is phone problem or service center where they didn't check properly. 
 First of all flipkart delivery is good. 
I was planning to get this mobile for a long time and finally got this last week.
Since this was 5000 mAh battery I was expecting it to come for 2 days of battery life. 
1)Battery really sucks, I have to keep on charging for every 12 hours even not using it continuously. 
2)The charger which I have got with the package is not good.
I really thing it that a charger or something else, when I keep charging and check my battery level after 10 mins (not using mobile while charginf) battery level goes down to 2%. 
I am a grate fan of ASUS, I was expecting a nice battery life and a good charging device for that. I was very disappointed with this product. 
 display -10, sound-8 on speaker and 10 on headphones, processor-9, ram-9, gaming-9, camera back-10, camera front-10, battery-10....no negative points...also upcoming marshmallow update (android-6.0) where the obb files of games like asphalt 8.0, fifa 15, modern combat 4 will be movable to sd card but in lollipop you have to place them in phone's storage to play the games...storage is enough and bloatware can be deleted...games and apps can be moved to sd card and also u can select the default storage as sd card from settings for apps....best phone ever.....WS RETAIL has delivered very quickly without any damage..... 
 Review after a month of using it:
PROS:
First and foremost: NO HEATING ISSUES
2nd TOUCH IS GREAT
3rd PREMIUM BUILD QUALITY
4th BATTERY IS A GIANT AS WE ALL KNOW IT IS MOST FAMOUS FOR ITS BATTERY. IT LASTS EASILY 2/3 DAYS FOR ME WITH DOWNLOADING, CHATTING, BROWSING AND SOME OTHER BASIC THINGS.
5th RAM MANAGEMENT IS GREAT
6th FEW BLOATWARE APPS WHICH ARE UNINSTALLABLE 
CONS:
1st TAKES AROUND 5 HOURS TO CHARGE 100%
2nd ANDROID M IS STILL NOT AVAILABLE. THOUGH ASUS PROMISED TO PROVIDE IT THIS YEAR.
3rd DAMN HEAVY
4th CAMERA IS NOT GOOD FOR LOW LIGHT CONDITIONS 
CONCLUSION: For a 10k range smartphone, this is the best I can have. But for selfie lovers and heavy gamers, Find some other smartphone as this will not be the right choice for you. 
 One of the best phablet phone i have encountered with.
Pros:
1.Great Display( your eye can't see pixels at 720p in 5.5 inch screen).
2.Corning Gorilla Glass is awesome,, i use it without tampered glass.
3.Processor & RAM ,3 stars,(Better)
4.Rear Camera in well lit conditions is great too.( Outdoors is best).. Macro-shots( Blurs background easily) are too good.Manual mode is like DSLR( can easily manual focus on anything)
5.Build Quality: leather feel, chrome finish....overall best
6.Speakers: Okay,,,can get a job done
7.BATTERY : 10-12 hours Screen on Time
 Overnight Drain: 2 percent only
 1 GB Download on wifi drains : 15-20 percent charge
 Clash of Clans drain: 30 min play drains 5-10 percent
 Normal usage : u have to charge it after 2 or even 3 days. 
Cons :
1.Awkward positioning of back button.( irritates those who shift from devices having back button on right side)
2.Front Camera : Over-exposure issues..burns ur face sometimes.
3.Rear Camera is not for taking shots in low light.( Noisy)
4.Battery Charging time is hell experience... 4-5 hours.....but u get 2 days after that.....( U can leave it over night for charge) 
 Have been using this phone for sometime now. No issue at all. Good phone at great price. And ..it looks great! 
 This Phone was good the Battery, but More Wight, con't use Friendly,
reaming thing are good. And Battery Getting more and more heat. 
 Really good phone
No heat at all
Review after using two weeks 
Pros
Battery back-up for normal users around 3 days 
Camera is good in low light 
Touch is very smooth 
Con
No headphones
Little bit heavy  
 if you a hard core gamer this phone is for you... if you have are interested in take photos this phone not for you.
every thing is best in this phone build quality awesome..... but the camera is bakwassss not even like 3.2 mp.... 
 Really i wondered that the battery last-lasting upto 36hrs even i uesd the regular applications like whattsapp,Net etc.,etc,it's awesome ,value for the money and the camera also extraordinary performance. 
 Battery beast. Screen is really Gorrilla glass 4, and it is really scratch proof. Its been nearly a week now and i am happy wirhout a screen gaurd. Decent camera. Superb memory handling. Zen UI is pretty smooth and lag free. Front camera is OK. Both cameras work superb in sun light but in artificial sunlight they are not that good. Didn't try very high end games but all the games I played on MAX played very well even with Internet on. Audio wizard is good. Use it to enjoy music at its best. Speaker is adequately loud. I enjoyed watching movies on this. Great screen. A little glimpse of battery life I am getting everyday:
Screen on time (avg) - 10 hrs
+
Call time - 3 hrs
+
Full wifi or data on continuously, chatting and WhatsApp call, hike call, etc etc. 
 Without any doubt Asus always gives a perfect phone...Here max is unique with its excellent battery back up.it gives near about 2 and half days service while it's data connection is on. Which is quite large time with compare other.Camera quality is awesome!!!!
Eco-friendly usable....I had used HTC, lumia, Samsung... but this one is best..frnds...go for it without hesitation!!! 
 Very good mobile phone and battery backup and camera very good
Nice phone 
 really buy this phone , its better use for regular calling & net users people because his battery is great - its 5000 mAh Battery, most imp. front camera is super clarity.
Thank U FLIPKART ... 
 Average camera. Picture quality is not good. pls don't go for this mobile if you are looking for a good mobile with good camera. 
 This phone is worth Rs.10k.One can't get any other phone with 5000mAh battery at this price.
Pros:
1.Camera quality superb with aperture f/2.0 and additional camera features,clicks awesome pictures.No need for additional camera apps.
2.Battery backup of average 2 and half days.
3.The speakers are also of fine quality.
4.Good for gaming too.
5.Scratchles back cover so no need of a backcover.
6.User interface is different from other Android phones making it unique.
7.Customizable features like volume button can be used for clicking pictures.etc
8.Phone can be used as a Power Bank using an OTG cable that comes with the phone. 
As far as the cons are concerned I haven't found any using the phone since January.
I found some users talking about useless pre-loaded apps but those apps can be easily uninstalled.
Some even talked about the hanging problem but take my words it all depends on your usage and the genuineness of the apps you install on your phone.
 Overall I would say Asus ZenFone Max is the best phone you can get under 10k.
The Flipkart service is also awesome.I got the phone delivered within 5 days of launch even before the estimated delivery date.
Thank you Flipkart!!  
 I am new mobile order very good mobile battery life Super I am happy 
 Software hang after 20 days. heating problem, Battery is good, camera is good, i want to return my mobile due to the speed is very poor whale calling and searching the contacts. 
 A good value for money. Super fast delivery by flipkart. Ordered it at 1:30 pm and got it next day 9:30 AM. Thanks for such a fast delivery.  
Camera quality is good and the battery is really huge. No lagging no over heating. 
Planning for a new phone? Go for it.. No second thoughts.. 
 1 Battery is 500mAH but backup is 2 days. in the earlier day it was 5 days backup but gradually it came down to 2 days only in 15-20 days.
2 Heavier than other mobile in the same range.
3 When you check the touch you will feel buttery but when you start working something on it you will not be satisfied with the touch.
4 Music is not much better in listening. 
5 some things are good like camera is good not taking the time to capture the snap. 
 Pros: 
1. Best battery back up. It lasts up to 3 days with moderate use
2. Screen resolution is very nice (Better than Moto G3). Screen is enough bright even in lowest brightness.
3. Smooth function of apps without lagging.
Cons
1. Camera is ok during daylight but a lot of noise during night even with low light mode.
2. With dual sim stand by, after 15-20 mins Sim 1 is automatically showing unavailable, even if network is there. As a solution you have to deactivate the sim again and again and we have to activate it to make a call which is very annoying.
3. Sound quality is not up to the mark. 
 After 2 weeks of use
PROS:
* Premium looks (Primary reason for buying the phone)
* 5000 mah battery which is lasting 3 day with maximum use
* Good ZenUI
* Smooth touch
* Decent camera quality 
CONS:
* Not resistant to minor impacts. In my case corner of screen broke and extended to middle of phone just falling from 2 feet.
* Screen very pron to scratches (Keys in pocket with phone)
* Multitasking is not very smooth
* Headphone sound drops when taking calls 
There are lost of videos and posts on the internet bout the phone having GORILLA GLASS ... which is definitely NOT TRUE 
I have used a lot of brands but hadn't faced such a problem of poor built quality of screen. 
Contacted both Flipkart & Asus but both washed off their hands by saying we are SORRY :(  
 I dont have to give any reviews because all users have felt how is the product dont see others ratings all are wrong reviews go and buy it 
 all spec too good,
1.battery
2.processor
3.display etc...
4.Ram
5.gaming performance
6.sound
Thank You!
Team Flipkart 
 Pros: 
1. Good value for money
2. 5000 mAh Battery lasts longer compared to other models
3. HD display... clarity is good
4. Solid construction, very robust.
5. Processor is quite good and most of the apps run smooth 
Cons: 
1. A bit heavy, so not easy to carry around in your pocket
2. The ZEN UI is not as intuitive and user friendly as vanilla Android or other versions from Sony or Samsung
3. Lot of bloat-ware preloaded. You can uninstall most of them. Also ensure auto-updates are turned off, else the moment you connect to internet every app wants to get its latest version downloaded ! 
Other than few minor drawbacks, the phone is an excellent one !!! 
 I am happy with the product. Everything you are expecting is perfect, only issues are, it does not contain headphone, (though it has the hole to use a headphone, so you can buy one)... And it's brightness is very high in the lowest brightness mode too, so your eyes can get hurt while you are using the phone in the dark.. Overall I am satisfied. 
 It is good phone for the 10k budget" 
Battery is backup good.
Good camera quality.
No battery heating issue
Good looking / Stylish
It is not heavy in weight.
 while listening music volume is too low 
 Zenfone Max is Good Phone and also Budget phone below 10K
it is having good Features &also good specification camera clarity is good battery life is so long it is very nice product.. thank u for flipkart for fast delivery services..... 
 Well this mobile is for sophisticated use. Good for messaging, browsing, movie watch and using apps like whatsapp, ola etc. You get descent photos with high resolution from 13 megapixel camera. Front camera is okay okay. But in this pricing you didn't get any other phone. Phone is heavier because of 5000 maH battery. Headphone is needed to buy separately. Small heating will occur in talktime hours which is usual in smartphone, not an issue. My rating is based on pricing and its specification taking together. Inbuild many apps included like asus app, google app etc consumes always about 1 gb of ram. However they are very useful app you dont need to scratch your head to add further third party software. 
For gamers zenfone of higher configuration having 3gb and 4gb ram is recommeded. 
 like a power bank love it .....it seems very good for me with compare to other brand mobile under 10k....overall superb zenui guide and user interface ...buy it .....demerits is delivery is very late..still I live in capital,,, 
 this is really value for money phone. its performance is awesome. it is little heavy in weight but this is due to larger battery size. once i charge it its last up to 4 days with normal uses and 3 days with watching movies. 
 Battery n camera was very super something it's becomes slow some apps r not installing 
 Phone working so slow ! even i had not installed so many apps. normal apps & phone stucked everytime. Camera is good ! but it takes time to click a picture ( slow capture ! ) 1st week i was happy that i bought a good mobile but now i'm feeling why i bought this ! 
 Hello, used this product for week.  
1. BATTERY , very good.
2. SPEED OF INTERNET, very good(3g).
3. No heating at all.
4. Clarity of display is good.
5. Touch is good and responsive.
6. Battery is removable in indian sales.
7. No lagging or slowdown indicated.
8. Speaker is loud. 
Cons.
1. Sound output via headphones is not so immersive.Although is clear and loud.I am using sony mdr-e8lp model headphones. 
2. Camera clarity is not good.specifications has 13mp mentioned but pics. looks like 8mp.
3. Front cam is good. 
4. No use of that laser-auto focus at all.only for name sake. 
5. Slightly heavy phone.think bcas of battery and metal frame. 
6. No headphones inbox. 
 ******that's it****** Thankyou   
 Very nice mobile in this price range. 
1,Very good battery backup
2,Bright display
3,No heating problem
4,Camera also very good
5,No hanging 
Only issue is it's taking vary long time to charge and speaker quality is poor. 
 no thinking about this product it is absolutely the great and greatest mobile with a big battery back up for a medium use like me I am getting 4-5days of battery life, coming to other sections everything is super, go ahead without any doubts my dear buyers. 
 REAR CAMERA IS VERY VERY BAD.IN THAT PRICE OTHER PHONE IS BETTER THAN ASUS ZENFONE MAX. PLEASE DONT PURCHASE THIS PHONE.MANY APPS IS USELESS.FLASH LIGHT IS ALSO NOT GOOD. 
 phone have downloaded update in phone and after that Its camera is starting video recording automatically. I am in panic situation. If you are buying this think twice. 
 Best is its display, A good battery backup, Hell of a camera with laser focus, Feels better to hold and a heavy body to determine the internal power...
A must buy :D 
 Nice phone at this cost. Good memory, good camera. Just be aware that it does not contains headphone. Music lovers may feel disappointed. 
 Best phone in this range..superb quality and battery backup is very good..I am using this device since 45 days... 
 CONS:
1.There are a million pre installed apps and i hate that. 
2.My Moto E 1st gen (XT1022) played subway surfers better. The game lags like hell. I have seen many reviews that say it cant play very high end games but it can't even play sub way surfers.
3.On a whole the phone is lagging a lot.
4.Camera is ok. Not too good. But for this price, u can't expect quality products like these to come for high end gaming and camera use. 
Pros:
1.Best out there for big screen lovers.
2.Major advantage is the massive 5000 mah battery.
3.Zen UI is good and there are lots of UI customization themes provided by ASUS, so no need to go for any kind of launchers.
4.Only thing ASUS is very good at is the customization of UI. So, if u are a change lover, then probably go for ASUS on a whole if not zenfone max. 
 its a really nice phone but not compare to samsung on7 , samsung on7 much better asus zenfone max
, so guys plz read this, asus zenfone camera is very poor in daylight 
 Just Go For It, Value for money, Elegant design, look style.... 
In one word yes .Unbeatable battery back up...continuous movie browsing listening songs up tp two days 
 after use for couple of month . Here is my review for the phone (rating 3.7 out of 5) 
Battery backup is too good .
performance is good .
ZenUI is good 
But too heavy to carry . Literally you can not keep it in hand for 1/2 hour
camera in low light is not good
no ear phone in the box. 
 It's good. Love the way it looks and we can customize the screen. Sometimes there is an issue connecting to the WiFi but I need to check if it is a WiFi issue, it lags sometimes(will check for sometime). Camera is Good, touch is very smooth sound and video are great. Yet to install games. Will update once games are installed. Thinking to purchase another Asus Zenfone Max, but not sure lol. My opinion about this phone is great. Hope it will be the same as I expect without any issues :) 
 A very good quality product worth in 10K.
screen is awesome, back finish is so impressive.
Fast processing and well responsive phone, Cam quality is mind-blowing. 
 With my recent loss of Lumia 640 XL, I purchased this mobile set, below are the major pros
1) Excellent camera quality with lot of photographic modes and features both indoor and outdoor
2) Delightful experience of ASUS customized UI with lot of great inbuilt features. 
3) Good performance of software, no hang issue faced still now.
4) Best part is 5000 mah battery which is delivering excellent performance for almost three days with net surfing and low gaming. 
Cons:-
1) It is bulky and heavy; I did not find any other shortcoming of this excellent device.  
 I'm using this mobil 15 to 20 day battery backup so very good n all is very good 
 It is such a very nice smart phone.
Awesome battery back, fine & very finger friendly touchsound & Camera also very good.
10 out of 10 from my side. ***** 
 Phone is good.battery is good,but problem of ASUS phone is bad qaulity of back logo ,overall phone is good 
 Really nice phone with respect to look and getting two days battery backup. For Rs. 9999 no phone have so much features and battery backup. Just book it Now ... 
 Mobile is OK ............ for 10 k  
Pros--huge battery with decent look. 
Cons- heavy weight & poor camera. 
 this phone is too good for those people who have no time for charge their phone during working hours also people can use all thing like 24x7 on internet, gaming, videos, etc. on their phone.
features r too good in asus. 
 good products. i have a 3nos asus mob but this mobile battery is awesome working long life works . i like it 
 This phone is very amazing I am oversatisfied and especially battery backup is the best. It lasts for 2 and half days usually but heavy usage gets through by 1 and half day love it thank u 
 superab mobile at this price of range.......
1.battery back up normal usage 3days and heavy usage 2days
2.Rear camera outdoor pictures is good but indoor pictures ok... selfie is also pretty good
3.No heating issues and no hanging 
4.Perfomance is good
5.Display touch is smooth
6.sound quality ok
7.i am using bsnl wifi only. it is very fast.....
no any issue in this phone good mobile 
 Superb........... go for it..
i bought this for my Father
battery back up is for three and a half days... with a lot of calling and moderate use of internet like whats app and facebook 
 VERY OWSOME FONE MAST BATTERY BACKUP EVERY THING IS VERY GUD LIKE LOOKING  
IN THAT PRICE VERY GUD MOBILE 
 CAMERA : 
PROS: 1) both front and rear camera can capture very good photo in outdoor condition,
 2) too many modes
 CONS: 
 1) shutter speed is very fast but it takes 1-2 seconds to save the picture ( personally i hate this phone for this reason! )
2)camera struggles in low light condition
3) exposure value is always high! that means , every time you have to manually decrease the EV value while capturing a picture of a written page or news paper, otherwise picture will come out very whitish and unreadable! 
*GREAT battery backup
*no heating issue 
*some lag here and there (sometimes) 
*multitasking is ok but not smooth
*this phone can handle Asphalt8, NFS MW etc high graphics games, but not smoothly!   
13mp camera is not very good, making too much of noise even in daylight.
Battery is excellent.
Hanging at some times during multitasking and video calling.
Display is sharp and crisp.  
 great smartphone in just 9999 good product than other smart phone r above cost less features.and have great battery 5000 mah 
 Hanging issues. 
Camera works after 5 seconds.
Picture quality good 
Good battery 
Services from Flipkart is good. 
 Greeeeet battery - charged at Saturday morning - till Tuesday it is just 65% remaining - always it was connected with Wi-fi internet and lots of calls. 
Great phone indeed 
 Great product!!! value for money ... just speaker could be louder ... 
I loved the feel and the design ... 
 I ordered the phone on 14th Feb and received on 20th Feb 
The first impression was quite good. 
Camera is awesome. Loved it.
Battery is extremely good.
Overall I love the phone. Everything is good except one thing.. During call or whatsapp calling or IMO I found voice clarity and quality is not good on loudspeaker mode. 
 review based on my own phone usage of one and half month
pros:
1.The phone is e awesome with high speed performance
2.Battery will last for continuous 3 days with internet connection continuously ON
3.Ram Performance is much better than expected 
4.Too Much facilities are provided in short budget
5.Camera is fantastic, specially selfie camera with auto beautification
6.back cover mat finish design looks pretty smart.
7. Network connectivity is also good
cons:
1. Too Much pre-installed app
2. Long charging time ,it will take 4hrs to completely charge the dry battery
3.poor sound quality, even headphones does not work properly.
4. 5.5 screen size is quite difficult to handle
5.too much heavy in weight.
6. need to improve screen resoltion
But overall We have to scarifies on some features to get best phone in the segment 
 Good Camera Quality including Front Camera
Good battery capacity
Simply awesome..!
worth to buy this phone.  
 Asus Zenfone Max, is quite a good one at INR 9999 price. User interface is good, battery is excellent. Performance is fine, camera quality is also quite good. 
 have been using dis over a month.. battery life is superb..just as described.. rest features matches other zenfone series... its a bit heavy..but somehow i love that... good invest... 
 ordered this phone on sunday got it on monday without extra charges wonderful service 
as for the phone jusy used it for 4-5 days back up is good i found music playing ok my moto g and g2 were better but the clarity is good and the phone is fast as days go by will get to know the phone better  
flipkart service is damn good customer service still needs improvement 
the phone voice 7.5/10
back up 9/10 
ease of use 8/10 
this is after 4 days of use   
 it is worst phone a nd is not producing desired results its display is dead .and not even a couple of months has passed dont take this phone it is utter waste 
 I am using this set since a month & I am fully satisfied. Little heavy but manageable. Camera quality is ok. Battery life is excellent. Thanks to flipkart for fast service. 
 I have the product to my friend and he is very satisfied with this, but back cover and screen guard is not availed in local markets, 
 Hiii friends plz don't buy this mobile because its really worst not even working properly hanging a lot battery backup is not up to the mark 
 Excellent battery backup like basic phone , if you use continuously for 4-5 hrs on internet battery will 15-20% consumed what else you can expect apart from this. Just loving it. Camera is good at outdoor. 
 A very nice phone !!! With 3 phones in our house , we are a Asus Family now !!! 
 After using it for 25 days, it s good phone ...recommmed to all people whose budget in 10 k range...you cannot get a better than ASUS phone in this phone. Premium look, super fast ZENUI super....lot of options thanks to Flipkart and ASUS.........ultimate battery back up .....genuine feedback after using it for 25 days.. 
 ultimate battery life..impressive camera quality..using it for over a month..no heating and lag issues..can't ask for more.. 
 A single sentence which I can tell about he phone so that u will feel what i felt. 
A mobile phone under 10k, which features a worth of 20k phone along with huge battery !!! 
 I have recently purchase this mobile by exchanging my moto 2 G. The below are my view 
1. The delivery was so fast so for this thanks for flipkart team
2. The battery back is so good I think is is better than any other phone
3. If you are mobile addict than this is best mobile
4. The weight is higher side
5. The quality of camera is not upto the mark this is really disappoint me. the captured images are very poor quality 
 i was use the mobile last one month. it is very comfort and i like most of the selfi camara in comparative to rear camara... very good product in 9999 Rs. 
 Zenfone max battery back up  
on use continuously easily - 48 hrs +
and
camera quality with compare zenfone 5 its low (normally its ok) 
other wise very good for travelers   
 PROS: 
1) Long lasting Battery:
Tips: once u get the product dont switch ON it. Just plug in charge for 8 hrs then ON it. 
2) Camera 13 / 5 is nice for budget:
 Lighting is the heart of good pic. So dont expect clarity at night. 
3) Leather finish back cover.
4) User interface:
5) No heating issue:
I bet u all phones have heating issue at 10k budget.This phone is far better, because of processor.  
CONS: 
1) Pre-loaded apps:
U can need to disable all unwanted apps from settings to save battery usage.
2) Body is weak:
 Once the phone fell down ur 10 k is waste.I overcome that with temper glass and a back case .
3) Sound
Hearing volume is too low u cant speak phone in rush areas. i overcome that with head set.
4) MAJOR CON 
If u update any app the phones originality and performance will be reverse. Better restore once and use the default.
5)Lack of service center and spare. 
 Thanks to Flipkart, I have ordered Asus Zenfone MAx on 20th Feb, & they delivered it on 21st Feb as they agreed. about the mobile, Mobile is good, it has better battery back up & big screen. 
Only thing bothering me is display, white background is not exactly white, its little bit creamish (dull white).
If you play same video on samsung & asus zenfone max, you will be able to understand the difference. all the videos or pictures looks like creamish, where as in samsung mobiles it will be exactly white. so I am not happy with the display background. 
one more thing it is little bit heavy, audio quality is average, 
apart from these two problems every thing is fine. 
 good camera qualit.....
good look....
otg function is good........
games and apps run smoothly................................... 
 Build quality is good...
Buttery smooth display...
Looks premium...
Best budget mobile 
Got it today..Gotta explore more things about battery & performance :)
Super fast delivery by Flipkart... 
 What more can you ask at 10k??? Awesome design. Very good speed. Camera is too good. HD screen. OTG cable.. I charged two mobiles with my mobiles. 
 Review on 4th day: (NEW) 
1. Lots of cleaner apps, security apps, battery apps themselves consume a lot of battery power and drain battery power. The battery power on time is reduced now!!!! 
2. Have installed or disable apps which i don't use often 
3. Display flickering exists in low brightness 
4.Slight lagging in opening apps on 4th day. 
5. Screen is still bright even when reduced to 0 
6. Very heavy for a phablet 
7. on Wifi it runs ok, but on cellular battery drains quickly 
8. Call quality is not good 
I am thinking of replacement of this product if these problems persist.  
First Day Review: (Old)
My first touch screen android smartphone!!! Yes, i was those one of those Luddites!! Nokia was good enough for me. I came to know this phone has good camera and excellent battery backup. Should see and wait! Too much overwhelmed by the features. Have been looking for a good tab/cell for ages and finally settled on this one. I don't know how long a battery is supposed to last on smartphones. Had charged to full in the afternoon and now it is 95%. Not a great thing considering that I am shifting from Nokia C5 5MP phone. Nokia gives me 2 days of battery. Lots of things to learn and am lazy. Would have gone for Win10 phones as they are easy.. sigh.. but this isn't 2013!!! 
Will keep you guys updated later. a little heavy. screen flickers sometimes. should see till tomorrow. if the problem persists no more smartphones for me. 90s were the best!! 
 very dependable battery, Nice looks and feel. Best for the price , performance also very good . 
color correction must be manually done to get a good display performance , Gaming tried light games no issues. overall highest recommended for the price. 
 It is a good phone under 10k. No headphone with the phone...need to buy separately. bit heave, but due to the 5000mAh battery. 
 Wow....For 10K.....I got a phone with big display,big battery and quite fast GUI response.
This is a amazing phone for such a price. Tho the camera is not upto the par,,,,But even than it can click good pictures in bright light But low light shots can get grainy.
well 2gb ram is quite enough for socializing . i dont play games so cannot comment on that.There are lots of Asus bundled softwares which can be quite useful.If you dont want them you can simply disable them.Must have phone for people who want it see the other day without recharging. 
This phone can be used as a backup phone. 
 Feedback after ten days of usage. I had Galaxy Grand 2 for two-and-half years, and prior to that HTC Wildfire for almost four years. So I needed a phone for a long run. While buying a book from Flipkart, I saw Asus Max, and after checking its details in Asus' website and in GSMArena, I decided buy Asus Max. On 10 February, I ordered, on 12 February, phone was delivered. Just as the mail and message said from Flipkart.
Build quality is decent. Gorilla Glass 4 is clear. Video and sound quality is good enough. Camera is pretty good @ 13MP in the rear and a 5 in the front. I still use my Sony Ericsson W810i for music, so Asus Max is only a backup. Leather finish in the back looks premium and the feel is good. Navigation is pretty smooth and flipping between screens is good. Screen-size of 5.5 with HD display is clear and crisp - watched Interstellar on Saturday on my Max - it was just great. Sound output could've been a tad better, but it'll do. Phone is a little heavy, but again, with the kind of monster battery that is given, I'll pass that.
When I put the phone to charge on the day it was delivered (Friday), it took a little longer to reach 100%, and true to its word, battery output was superb. Next two days being a week-end and the fact of the matter being a new phone, usage and exploring was extensive. As of Tuesday evening (after four days), battery still remained at 43%. I definitely needed something like this. Super happy with the performance. Second charge onwards, battery gets full in decent time - like 3.5 to 4 hours to reach 100%.
For a price tag of less than 10K, Asus Max covers pretty much everything. I'd recommend. 
 Great Battery Backup....
5000mAh that's well needed for today's smartphones. (Got standby for 1 week) 
Good Performance either...
Installed more than 50 apps & running without any lag. 
Google Drive offers 100gb Cloud storage for 2 years. 
Accessories include an OTG Cable made from Asus. (But no headphones) 
This phone has Gorilla Glass 4 protection but is not mentioned in specification. 
Verdict: Phone is a little heavier and find it difficult for single hand use. But is great for prolonged users for a good looking decent pick from 10K pricetag. 
 Very strong battery comes for nearly 5 days with normal usage. Good processor.Screen is clear..Camera of good quality 
 Pros: 
Excellent battery back up.
Great camera
Decent for normal gaming purpose 
Cons: 
Not for hardcore gaming purpose.
Stupid stock apps which gets installed and updated the moment you switch on the phone.
Level of volume for headphone is not high.
Weight.  
 Only thing is good in this ph is battery. With heavy use it will give u 2days of backup. Camera is not so good. 
I faced same issue with the product after 2times replacement. The pblm is, only sim 2 is showing in call log. Both sim are activated, u can see both sim signal in status bar. bt in the call log u can use only frm sim 2. If u go to settings-sim settting-activate sim. U can see sim 1 is deactivated. Every time i have to restrt the phone what want to make call from sim 1 
 Lemme say, I am one of those heavy users calls almost non stop, data connected always more on the 3g networks and less on 4g , data sync on , auto brightness on, location on, calls and data on dual sim and average use of camera(am a photographer) , this MAX after fill charge say 8am gets me by till the second day till 11pm with 10% left i.e going through all the above mentioned.
Me being a photographer love the camera esp for our manual controls even while shooting video , more like my dslr controls.
ZenUi, am a total fan of stock Android and somehow am totally comfortable with this habit skinned ui.
 Go for this, it's a real good buy for this price, looks premium too.
The only con: slow charging takes almost 4hrs for a full charge. 
 Camera Quality Ok
Battery Ok
No Lagging.
UI & User Experience Good
WIFI & Mobile Connectivity Really Fast 
 OVER ALL GOOD MOBILE...
PERFORMANCE IS ALSO GOOD...
DO NOT HESITATE TO BUY....
ONE FEATURE WHICH I HAD TO WRITE IS THAT WE CAN USE THE MOBILE AS POWER BANK. 
 has any one tried internet calling like. whapsapp, facebook etc.
while making internet calling other gets disturbance in calls. i tried with whatsapp and facebook both.  
 If you want a safe Bet!!! Asus will fulfil your requirement. There is nothing better for this amount... 
Guarantee!!!!! 
 value for money ......... excellent battery backup can go upto two days without charging and camera quality is also excellent 
 Fast long battery HD picture awesome
Good sound in that price best Android ever  
 Superb battery life. Average camera. Not suitable for high graphics games but can play need for speed and ashphalt smoothly. Been using this 1 week now as my primary phone. No issues so far. 
 Awesome product at this price Excellent phone, support FAT 32 memory cards and pendrives.
OTG function is good.
Battery last on heavy usage upto a doy or more.
Camera is excellent with a variety of modes..Camera resolution supports all memory cards above class 1. 
 Got the Phone at 9199 after the Bank discount. 
PROS:
Huge Battery Life, Good screen size, Excellent Camera, Decent Flash power, Nice phone shape, No heating problems even after continuous gaming, videos, WiFi usage, etc,
Zen UI, Excellent leather back, decent phone response and speed. 
CONS:
Some times display seems like low quality, if we upgrade Zen ui and Set splendid app to customized, this will be fine.
Have to update the Calling screen, or calling screen looks very bad.   
 The phone comes with an awesome camera both front and rear , the handset itself is a power bank does not hang a single time even running more than 5 applications at a time.
according to me asus provides the best camera within its budget or 10k. An awesome experience and u wont get it until u buy it. 
And flipkart once again thank u for delivering within 40 hours.
Buy this phone and u wont regret it. 
 the best design I can say among all the Zenfone 2 model, battery back up excellent, UI super. i love this set and I recommend it to my friends. 
 Looking for a perfect review?? Here I go.. 
Using this from last 1 and a half week. I am not a heavy/rough user of Android and also not a good gamer but I play Clash of clans :p. I make phone calls a lot, so I was searching for a good phone with good camera quality and battery, finally i found this. 
Performance :: After 1.5 years of using MOTO E, I was looking for a budget phone within 12k, researched a lot with this. Finally i decided to buy this 1. Performance wise I can say that its a best budget phone within 10k. If you are a moderate user like me then it will be the best choice. I cannot say about other games because I play only clash of clans and since since it has 2GB ram so it will not be a problem. I have fallen in love with the Zen UI. 
Battery :: As you know that it has 5000mah battery, I charge my phone once in 2 days. It takes a long time to charge but thats not a problem becaue your battery will last at least of 36-48 hours with normal usage (Calling,internet included). Its little bit heavy due go huge battery but you can handle it easily :-) 
Camera :: As a price of 10k it has an excellent rear and front camera with laser auto focus. The phtos I have taken are really good in terms of clarity and all. 
** Last but not the least >> NO HEATING PROBLEM AT ALL (while charging and using)*** 
If you are searching for a good phone with all decent features Don't think much, just go for it :-) 
 Good phone, feels a bit heavy but stays switched on for 2 days (Wifi, mobile data, bluetooth were on). 
Asus has so many too many pre-burned apps that needs to be disabled before you use the phone. Apart from that no issues with this phone. 
 very good product. its little heavy because of 500 mah battery .
Finish is also good. camera good 
 asus zenfone is nice phone,
good battry backup, nice camara, rich look phone, hi speed phone,
all most is good phone 
 Great performance & awesome battery. Good value for money.  
Giving 4 Star Bcoz, No HDMI connectivity & Average Camera.   
*Sound in earphone is very less
*Camera quality is poor for both main and front camera
*No full HD display
*Only good is 5.5 inch battery 5000mah  
 It really is a Power Bank and did not come across any issues till now. Asus comes with too many default apps (pre-loaded apps) is the only thing but nothing bad about the phone.Hope it gets updated soon to latest Android 6.0 M. 
 Phone is no doubt excellent and Camera quality of Asus phone (new series) is fantastic. You won't require any additional photo editing software for beautification. Phone is functioning smoothly even with multiple application used together.  
Only negative thing about phone is its weight and bulky size. 
Thanks to Flipkart for providing better customer support and genuine products. I would love to buy more products from Flipkart in future.  
 I am really happy with this product... No doubt the best phone under 10k. As its a new launch some bugs are ought to creep in silently..but it ain't a big issue. Just like the other reviews let me list the pros & cons
 PROS
1) Awsome battery life... Last for 2 whole days even after playing Clash of clans for nearly 2-3 hours straight.
2) Selfie cam is great
3) Cool in the looks section, the black one comes with a leather finished back cover
4) Decent back cam with a laser auto focus and dual tone flash... Not the best camera but certainly good. g3 has a slightly better performance in the camera section for outdoor images only.
5) Big and detailed screen, with most people prefer in a smart phone
6)ZenMotion is really good, especially the double tap waking feature. I barely use the power key!
7)Superb touch screen! Corning has done a superb job. Kudos to them! 
8)Full HD video recording... cryatal clear videos and good sound.
9)Good voice recording
10)Good call clarity 
CONS
1)Heavy.. cant use on a selfie stick coz of its weight
2)Big.... a little too big.. cant text in one hand... except for the one hand mode
3)Some occasional bugs.... (NO major flaws- including the mobile data network error)
4)5 hours to charge from 0-100 & no fast charging assured by ASUS yet.. so cant risk your battery yet
5)Very slight lag sometimes oz of the big ZenUi on the phone(Ignorable)
6)Camera is not always 100% reliable.. in the outdoor section as mentioned earlier 
So overall a very good phone at this range. Review based on 1 weeks performance. Thanks.. Do like my review if it has helped you. 
 I am very happy to purchase this brand Asus
1. Good Camera Quality
2. Very impressive battery backup
3. Good performance of the phone
Thank you flipkart for delivering the product with in one day...:):D 
 First of all awesome phone..
Pros
1. Battery backup [ 2 -3 days with Full time 3G Mobile data, General usage]
2. Good look
3. User friendly GUI and functionalities
4. Fastest delivery by flipkart, hats of
5. Recommend to buy if u look for loong battery backup, with normal usage 
Cons
1. Bit bulki and heavi [ It is expected as 5.5inch]
2. No headphone included [ Not mentioned in the box content list ] 
 Battery is super camra is to good all ar well God product of asus 
 Best phone @10k
No heat
No lag
Huge battery life
Nice camera
Best phone ever
No extra app u need to install to clean ram 
 I have been charging this phone once in two day by using it for play games, browsing, listening music,watching videos 
If you use the phone hardly better to buy this phone as your companion 
 Pros :- 
1) Display is decent
2) Battery backup is good 
3) Design (Backside grip is good)
4) Asus UI is very good. 
Cons:-
1) It take long time full Charging the battery
2) between phone conversation sound decreases automatically
3) Camera is poor 
 I am using this mobile from last 30 days. here is summary of my usage experience.
Performance: 8/10
Camera: 8/10
Battery: 10/10
User-interface(Zen-ui): 8/10
Display: 8/10
Gaming: 7/10 
Bad thing is lot of pre loaded apps from asus zen-ui. later you can disable those apps. 
 I am going to rate Zenfone MaX after using it for three weeks.
I want to highlight most good an rarely found some bad experience with this phone.
Pros:
1. best Budget phone within 10k
2.Gaming experience is outstanding(checked Asphalt 8 Airborne, Modern Combat,SBK 15 etc); best part is even after playing game for long time the device doesn't heat.
3.Camera quality is really awesome ; lovedd the Laser Auto focus feature and beautification mode is totally worthy.
4. 5.5 Inch screen size is actually a great deal in this range; It looks like I am carrying a 30,000 to 40,000 Rs handset. 
5. Build quality is also very good
6. In terms of performance and multi tasking it also wins the battle.
7. Most important part is Battery; if you are moderate user then you can use yiour zenfone maX without charging for at least 2 to 3 days. battery back up totally justifies the name. 
Cons:
1. Front cam could have been better
2. It should have an octacore processor.  
 sound is okay, camera is too good both front and back,
no hanging or no heating, battery backup is really like monster, 2 days and 8 hours
3G on and used as much as i can till midnight.
unfortunately received a faulty one , screen was white, this may be in transportation.
A BIG HUG AND THANK TO FLIPKART THAT THE REFUNDED MY MONEY AND TOOK THAT PRODUCT RETURN BACK.
ordered same today, now waiting eagerly for the beast and monster. 
 charged 3 days ago.now 43% battery left.only downside is the processor which is entry level processor.gamers stay away from this device.camera satisfactory.if you wanna take great pics go for a dslr not a phone 
 please buy.... please buy......this phone and i have phone samsung galaxy grand and lenovo it is very best performences but asus max beated that two phone iam student  
 Got Asus ZenFone Max under exchange offer for my old Asus ZenFone 5. It is a very good phone offering almost all features of a premium phone of Rs.20,000 and above and along with a big battery of 5000 mAh. Flipkart service and Ekart services both are excellent. I have always received my products in good packing and quick delivery. Thanks Flipkart for bringing the mobile exchange offer. Wish you all the best. 
 Guys this ph is super se uper hai . Ekdam cream touch wow . Long lasting battery up to 2 3 days . I use all brand but asus are amazing ph no hang no heat . Ausome ausome n ausome ... 
 pros:
1. battery is great. a full day online activity, 18 hrs of continuous use. wahh!.
2. big screen.
3. value for money
4. COC, etc games runs fast enough, like any other expensive phone. 
Cons:
1. heavy
2. camera not good. pic quality not impressive(under auto mode). manual mode need to be learned first, cumbersome.
3. too many apps auto download when used for the first time.
4. display not as good as super AMOLED. X-user of AMOLED will not like the display, 
My verdict is, its a good smartphone under 10k, dont expect much, and you will enjoy this phone. go for it. i am liking it. 
 Great phone, best in 10k range, great features camera is gud. I am using it since 2 minths and its working great, so value for maoney 
 Quality and quantity of ram and battery is classs;-)  
 OMG This an awesome phone,No complains at allll, Nice Cam both *_*
Games like clash of clans ,agario or some fps runs like butter :p
No over heating problem 
 i am using the continuous three with charging till battery 45% AVAILBLE AT THE END OF THIRD DAY...
Camera was also good
No heating problem   
 This is the best phone of 2016. The camera seems okay not that great though. The touch and feel of the phone has completely been revised from the previous zenfone 5. The touch feels great. New features have been added, I charged on the day i bought this phone and after heavy usage after 3 days the battery still stands good at 24%. Feels a bit heavier than the usual zenfone 5 because of the 5000mAh battery. Cant expect more for 9999 rupees. And thanks to flipkart's 1 day delivery. Thumbs up to this Giant phone. 
 THE BATTERY RUNS MINIMUM FOR FOUR DAYS AFTER LOTS OF NET BROWSING TOO ....HAPPY WITH THE CAMERA ESPECIALLY THE SELFIE...
THE PROBLEMS ARE NOT MAJOR--LOTS OF PRELOADED APPS AND NO PROVISION FOR VIDEO SELFIE..WHICH IS SLOWLY PICKING MOMENTUM NOW...CHARGING TIME IS TOO LONG-AROUND FOUR HOURS.
BUT ALTOGETHER IT HAS VERY GOOD QUALITY...WORTH FOR RS.9999/-
FLIPKART DELIVERED FAST WITH FEDEX IN FOUR DAYS TIME..THANKS 
I RECOMMEND THIS... 
 I bought this phone in yesterday....asus zenfone max is superb mobile in 10000 price....camera is good and over all very good....I love this phone....the most attractive thing is 5000 mah battery....frnd plz got this phone....and thank u flipkar 
 Really impressed with the matte finish . Best part of it is the 5000 mAh battery backup . Great phone at this price from ASUS . 
 Good Battery Backup,
Good Finishing.
Average Looks.
1 Problem Found : Network ISSUE in Sim 1
Overall Good Phone 
 Good....but hangs once or twice when playing the music player..
. 
 GREAT PHONE BY ASUS. LONG LASTING BATTERY AND VERY FAST PHONE AND CAMERA QUALITY IS VERY GOOD. JUST AWESOME 
 First of All...thanks to Flipkart for delivering the product within 40 hours. 
Comes to phone performance...In short Its worth buying !! After so many research I give it preference over 'MOTO G (3rd generation)' & I'm happy with this :) 
Pros
. Battery just awesome !! ...works two full days on very heavy uses - 10/10 
. Touch is excellent ... 10/10
. Rear Camera is Good quality but not excellent. Front could have been better but it is overall good...... 9/10
. 'Zen Motion' is Excellent....Nice experience of using 'Touch Gestures'
. Video & Sound Quality also crystal clear... 9/10
. No Heating issue 10/10
. Speed is so fast with 2 GB Ram ..almost 1 GB free at every time. 10/10 
Cons
. Too many preloaded apps blocked Internal memory. Only 10.38 GB usable out of 16GB.
. No Headphone with the device you need to buy it separately.
. The phone is little heavy but I can handle this with too many said features :)   
 pros
1)smooth display
2)good battery backup
3)no heating issue
4)support otg
5)corning gorilla glass 4
6)bigger display
7)value for money
cons
1)camera quality is not too good
2)phone is little bit more heavy
4)some applications becomes stop sometims
5)it has only 267 ppi pixel density
6)it takes too longr time to charge
7)some times connectivity problem 
 PROS:
Its massive - THE 5000mah battery is awesome. 
Though the phone has restarted itself due to overload app instrall in one go! Using it 3 days; not got lag or hanging problems! 
ASUS UI is jst too good! 
Front cam is good!
Stunning phone; good looks; fells expensive inhands! 
CONS:
HEADPHONE isnt included made worst feeling; anyways it was mentioned!
1.2 GHz quad core is too backgraded nowadays!
Camera isnt that good at night! U wont feel that shorts are like 13 MP. 
Some useless apps are pre instralled which u cant uninstrall (if unrooted)!
ASUS dint provide update of android versions! 
OVERALL ITS OK IF U R NOT A GAMING nd PHOTOGRAPHY FREAK!  
 First of all thanks to ASUS MOBILE TEK and
selling dealer of the flipkart and WS retailer....
and my experienced reviews below this....
ASUS ZenFone Max pros and cons.
Pros:
Very good ZenFone customized USER INTERFACE....
2 gb of ram for 16 gb Rom
Good brand processor of snapdragon Qualcomm of 1GHz 64 bit chipset
very important thing NO HEATING ISSUES
vivid and avg display brightness
OTG support on this mobile
affordable multitasking...
very most important GOOD VOICE CLARITY ON PHONE CALL
good design of hardware(device)
I like notification LED light
Cons:
processor very low speed of 1 GHZ for around 10000 Rupees.
Low ppi of display quality(267ppi)
No full HD display
Avg camera quality
Long time charging of 4hours for 5000mhz battery....
More More bugs known on Android 5.0.2 and ZEN UI
No LED backlight on bottom...
No removable battery
Very most important thing
First SIM support 2g/3g/4g
But second SIM support only 2g on this mobile......
Call forwarding facility not support on this mobile that both SIM active. 
 After using the product for 5 days i am doing the review.
1.Perfect phone under 10,000.
2.It feels premium in hand due to the design & Built Quality.
3.Battery 5000mah!this is the best part(Full usage with 24hrs WiFi,videos,song,etc for almost 1.5 days and for normal usage 2-3 days for sure .)
4.Performance is good enough.(But not for heavy game).
5.Camera is very nice both.(Inside img gets little blury.Else fine)
6.But it's little bit heavy.(Not so much,due to the battery).
7.Volume is not so loud.
8.Picture quality is good.
9.It's all about Flipkart!! 
So,I will say It's a great phone under 10,000.You can go for it!!!! 
 Overall its a nice budjet smart phone. Only con:- i felt it was little bit heavy in size and weight. 
 JUST AN AWESOME PHONE IN 10K
From beginning I'm an asus user and the main problem in old phone of asus was ppi and speakers ...... now we got a better ppi and speakers in this phone and as usual the phones look is deadly awesome like all other asus phones ....... coming to the phones features 
1. GooD Battery (this is the main reason most will prefer to get this phone)
2.Killer looks and viewing angles 
3.5.5 inch 720p display with gorilla glass4 (no one ever wants to lose the chance of getting gg4 for just 10k)
4.good processor .... (For the old phones even graphics and processor was of intel and now it came to snapdragon) 
5.The main thing ..... The cost of phone for all this features .... however if the phone is 15k also people would like to take this coz most of us will see features first then price 
Cons:
1. I don't know why all asus phones stuck when messenger is on .... shud find a solution for this as soon as possible 
2.It has a very short wired charger and it takes 5 hours to charge a massive 5000 mah battery .
3.One hand using is hard even though there is an option of one hand using in phone which dissapoints users and not so interesting to use
4.still its running in 5.0.2 where as when the phone was launched marshmellow was running . 
Overall if we see the cons what i said are negligeble ....... i say just blindly go with this phone .
THANK U ASUS FOR A GREAT BUDGET PHONE AND FLIPKART FOR A GREAT DELIVERY ....... I WILL PREFER FLIPKART ONLY ALWAYS . 
 After usage of one month, the battery life is excellent compared to any other smart phone in the world.Under 10k this is the best mobile.Even mobile pricing one lakh is also not providing 5000mah battery.The mobile pricing between 40k to 60k can have good camera,design,ram speed and etc.To experience these features extended battery life is important. ASUS ZENFONEMAX is providing this feature, which is very essential.Hats off to ASUS and Flipkart. 
 Battery backup is very good. It comes for than 24hrs ( continuous usage like watching movie, internet browsing, gaming). It is rare in other mobiles. 
But the camera is normal. Picture quality is not upto 13MP 
 very goood phone its lasts almost for 1.5 days of heavy usage of playing coc(online game).
good display and almost every game runs smoothly UI is bit slow but lag free.  
 this good phone. battery charge is up to 2, 3 days. phone is too heavy. that is bad thing. camera average only. internet o k. 
 Awesome phone in this price range... Battery lasts long really long...
No issues related with performance, touch, UI. Camera is good for this price range..
4G connectivity is awseome. 
Only thing missing is quick charge function. Takes time to charge.  
 Great value for money, good upgrade to battery life, using since last one week, find it smooth and uninterrupted, no heating issues till date, little heavy in weight but ok to manage. 
 mobile very nice ,pic quality also very nice.better backup good. but weight is very too much.
overall nice mobile.  
 best smartphone for the persons who are searching for a good battery life phone and a good buid quality phone asus zenfone max is one of the good choice if they buy this. 
 FIRST OF Battery backup is very good and the camera quality is good and it runs smoothly. COMPANY SHOULD PROVIDE THE HEAD PHONE WITH THE SET HOWEVER IT GOOD IN THE BUDGET. 
 Battery is not more than 3000mAh and lasts for only a day. The claim for 5000 mAh by the company is not correct. But otherwise, its an excellent phone. 
 Awesome look!
Awesome battery back up!
Build quality is good...
Buttery smooth display...
Looks premium...
Best budget mobile 
 cons:-
1.Decent camera quality.
2.Multitasking is not very smooth.
3. No fast charging option which cause a bit longer to charge
4. Weight is little heavy.
5. No headphone provided with the handset. 
pros:-
1.Good in everyday use.
2.Does not lag.
3.Grip is good.
4.Excellent battery backup.
5.No heating problem.
overall a great budget phone at its price.. 
 Battery backup is really very good 2 day heavy use camera also good 
 This phone has a very good battery backup. It Lag's while playing the games. Camera gets you an average picture quality but the software is good for getting selfie's. Let's hope Asus improves its camera in next version of Android. 
Worst charger ever I have used for the bulk battery. It takes ages to charge and there are no headphones for this in the box.That's why 3 stars. 
Remember you need to charge this phone for at least 8 Hours for getting 100% with the stock charger. 
 batter is okay. camera quality is normal.Apps are working bit slow compared to others.Useles apps are preistalled. 
 The mobile is awesome battery backup more than 2days gta does not work at all and does not support SanDisk pendrive for both 
 Great value for money.
Looks sleek & smart. The camera good too.
5/5 for looks and touch
4/5 for camera.
Overall a power pact phone. Totally content with every aspect of it.
Recommended if this is your budget. 
 Phone look is awesome
Battery is awesome I use the phone for 2 & 1/2 days without charging with heavy use
Speed is good but once it gets hanged I don't know why
Camera is below average if you are looking for a camera phone so please don't buy this product
No heating issu while playing games or useing internet wifi/4g..
front camera is good
Overall my rating is 10/10
Best phone under 10k
one problem with Cam, its stops automatically works fine after rtestart 
 I am using this phone since last 10 days and Now I can say it's awesome!!! 
 Its a very good phone in terms of Looks. But a bit heavy. The camera is also good. A value for money. The features 4/5. Touch 5/5. Looks 5/5. Camera 4/5. Battery not as mentioned in the Description but its pretty good. I used it for 36 Hours. 4/5 
 u cant get better than this under 9999 (battery backup supper) rear camera is quite good but the front camera is 10/10 
 ZenFone Max Best One under 10,000rs. UI it's very good and smooth to operate and battery is best one. 
 awesome 2 days heavy usage back up..
no lack.. nice performance..
regular updates from ASUS...
baap of all this segment Phones.. 
display is awesome :) no complaints  
thank u ASUS for this device..
delivery of flipkart always gud...
must buy this habd set.. :D 
 Good phone for this price. Excellent battery backup. only issue is low in internal memory. Processor speed is decent, enough for normal uses. Overall it exceeded my expectations for this price range. 
 Superb phone......the price is worthy for this phone.camera has improved a lot 
 I pre-ordered this phone for my dad who is a senior citizen. He loves it! The screen is large and clear for him to read and type. The camera quality is also good. We went for a short vacation soon after buying this. Later, we transferred all pictures and saw them on a 49 inch TV screen. The photos clicked from this phone were very clear and good quality.  
Did not experience any heating issues. The weight is slightly high due to the large battery but not uncomfortable. The 2gb RAM makes the phone fast (compared to his 1.5 yr old phone) and I hope will last a long time without slowing down. All in all a very good purchase for the price. 
 a phone within the range of 10000 the asus zenfone max is most admirable one with its outstanding battery 
 Awesome battery backup,
good Function
Good Camera Clarity
Super performance
Build quality is good...
Buttery smooth display...
Looks premium...
Best budget mobile 
No heating issues at all
but earphone hasnot given by the seller 
 Build quality is good...
Buttery smooth display...
Looks premium...
Best budget mobile 
Got it today..Gotta explore more things about battery & performance 
 Amazing phone, battery backup is supper with this 9999/- cost. Good image clarity, i am very happy about this phone. 
 Have been using after initial charging for the last 50 hrs, Moderate usage with intermittent social networking and few calls. Best for moderate usage. and gr8 deal at this price range. No heating, No hang so far. 
 1.Good CAMERA both FRONT AND REAR
2.Amazing battery(i got almost 25 hrs after heavy use)
3.good design
4. butter smooth
5.great features
6. good music app.
7. good display.
8. need android 6 to be updated.
9. no heating issues
10 good back panel 
 i was using asus phones but this model is superb excelslent bettery backup, excellent and its worth for money. 
 Batery is too good....and peace is so smart......good back panel...good features.I brought asus zenfone 2 laser on Jan first i suggested to my uncle MAX which is going to released on 2016 jun 15 ,immediatly he accepted to buy. 
 i received phone on 18th jan charged it till 100% and used till 23rd jan using Vodafone 3g card used around 5 gb of bandwidth on 23rd as i am writing this review it shows 21% so battery lasts at least 5 6 days even with heavy usage 
 Best phone under 10K. best battery backup... nice camera.. no heating problem. but back covers and flip covers not yet in online and offline.... this is so bad thing of that phone.... 
 It really Unbelievable and incredible phone
I bought this on sankranti , all the feature are great, Battery super ..
Only draw back weight. 
 The mobile performance is Awesome ..Battery 5000mah losts only 40percent after a heavy usgae of the entire day...The only thing is phone little bit of weight..Overall thephone is pretty coolllll...  
 Wonder full battery and all aspects it is good phone at 10K. ThanQ Asus. Really this phone is value for money. Since 4 days i am using by single charge. 
 Its everything as its advertised. battery lasts for almost 2 days with moderate to heavy use.built quality is good, phone is heavy but it'll be ok after sometime. camera is decent not exceptional. performance decent mild lags here and there but wont be irritating.real value for money. Go for it without any fear :) 
 Nice phone really so much on offering at very low range...quality camera an phone i would prefer before any samsung phone at this range just love everything about it 
 The Phone works amazingly well. I was using the Zenfone 2 previously hence the transition to the zenUI was smooth. It might be a minor inconvenience for a few though.... 
PROS: 
1. 5000 mAH Battery Review - Gaming based Heavy Usage - 24 Hours later - Battery still at 40%. Finally drained after 38 Hours and 12 Mins. This was with GPS, Data/Wifi and prolonged Screen time. 
2. 5.5 Inches display is pretty nice at smooth to touch at. 
3. It simply works well with most heavy games. 
4. Need to charge fewer times. Hence, longer Battery Lifecycle. 
5. Lot of Preinstalled apps can be uninstalled like SNAPDEAL. WAS THE first one I uninstalled. 
6. Preemptive UI. I liked the way the UI functions. 
7. Camera is alright just like Zenfone 2. Zenfone 2 was voted as no. 1 Camera Phone 
under Rs 10,000 so should this one be (Under Rs 10,000 being the Key word). 
8. IT DOES SHOW HOW MUCH IT WILL TAKE for A FULL CHARGE while charging Which can come in Handy 
Cons: 
1. NO EARPHONES are provided with the phone. COST Cutting measures. I bought beats so I was fine with it. 
2. Because of the Big Battery  It takes pretty long to recharge Boost Charge like MOTO Turbo would have been pretty useful 
3. NO Back cover, Tempered glass available yet as this phone has been recently launched so be VERY careful with the Big screen phone. You drop it and the screen might break!!! The extra protection not being available quickly can be quite a Hiccup 
BUY This phone if you are tired of carrying a Power bank around or continuous charging. I bought it for that very reason and am very happy!!! 
 It just can easily beat any phone within in the mid range, awesome battery backup(just love it!!)...I am a moderate gamer and frequently use the internet, I fully charged it and used all day and at the next day the battery was showing 51%!!!
Both the rear and front camera are awesome. you can take selfies very clear even if you are under the blanket.....
phone processor is a bit under rated but that is acceptable as because you can only feel the difference if your doing very high end stuffs. you can use quite more than 1gb ram. the preloaded apps are pretty cool but less in numbers... you need to download those from the play store as per your requirements. 
People who r looking for a good phone in budget just go for it. 
 everything is good about this product but camera is not upto the mark good but not great. 
mobile is bit heavy 
 Value for the price.
Simply Awesome
Good camera, Battery long lasting, no heating problem 
Big bomb in small amount 
 good battery backup..
the main thing NO heating issue at all.
cameras are good..
Attractive design.
user friendly.
buy this if ur budget is 10K.
only disadvantage is battery is 5000mAH but charger capacity is only 1A .
rest all best.. 
 In this price range ASUS win the chance. Superb. Battery life is awesome.     
 *Excellent build quality.
*Good Battery backup with no heating issues
*Good speakers...with more bass frequencies
*Camera quality is not that much great.But Features like Laser auto focus,duel colour flash,beautification modes and manual mode are good.
*Screen resolution was little disappointing but it is manageable.IPS display is good with a great viewing angle.
*Touch sensitivity is good.
*power bank feature is super .
Best Phone You can Get In 10K !! Go For It !! 
 Good mobile phone and nice design
but camera feature is not satisfied Camera Quality is not met the expectation 
 Had been using Note3 only due to battery problem i had to change. so bought 5000mah battery,  
Pros: Battery - 48hrs still it goes on n on With 3G data enabled. NO HEATING issues. 
Cons: Users who has used Samsung higher phone might find difficult at the start since its not as that User Friendly. 
Others: Camera decent, Processor, what can you expect from 10k. 
 wate of money to buy this mobile battery back up is very bad before using this i used iphone 4s battery back up is good compare to this mobile 
 bhatut badiya phone hai battery back bhahut accha hai camera bhi thik hai no hiting good phone for this price 
 charge complete in 3 hours
camera is good
1day continue used in 3g charge 50% used
back cover is lether
front comera is good  
 Fantastic battery backup it works for todays without charging by net and calls.camera quality is also good then moto. Overall its good phone. 
 I got this phone 2 days Ago...man That battery Life Is Awesome Ever...
U will never have to worry about battery Ever....most of games Run Smoothly No Heating issue...Best Asus Product Ever..Not too heavy..Go For iT without Second thought.. 
 I received this mobile last week..It's touch sensitive is Fantastic and Charge backup is really superb,then Net speed is very fast ,Many More Options is here.Totally...ASUS Zenfone Max is Excellent 
 delivery was done within 24 hrs and product was neatly packd.
phone is vry gud. worth every penny.
go fr it without hesitation. 
little heavy. 
 when i received the phone it had 40% and true to its word the 40% battery lasted for almost 24hrs.the phone looks really good with awesome processor performance. 
Only the problem is it slightly heavy due to the battery and it takes a long time to charge the battery almost 5 hrs. 
overall experience is good and anyone having a limited budget should definately go for the this phone. 
 Are you serious, 50000 MAH battery..i charged this phone 2 days back and it is still 55% with wifi 24 hours on, whatsapp, email , calls.  
This is power bank and camera i just say it is better than xperia phones. the laser focus technology is superb .
5 stars for best display, battery and overall quality. 
and not to forget the leather finish back panel.. 
 Cons:
1.Bulky and heavy
2.Primary cam is not that good average
3.There is a lot of asus applications covering about 4gb  
Unboxing and hands on review is available in the given link 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9mm06PRNERA 
Pros:
1.Good battery
2.Good design
3.Good front cam
4.Good gripping 
 Trust me you can not get better phone than this in this price range... Everything is good except some as listed below: 
Pros:
Everything except below cons 
Cons:
Camera is average not the best
Filled with asus bloatware
a Bit heavy 
 the phone is excellent with 2gb ram helps to work faster.need the flip cover for the same can you help to get the same. 
 Very good phone with very good battery backup. Also very good design. Speaker is also very loud no need for external speakers 
 Great phone in this range for all (also for people who like customization on phone)..Just go for it..Came with OTG cable as well. All features are as per specs and 5000 MAh battery is the gr8 addon. Cam quality good ,So many sensors to count on , Looks gr8 business phone , wide screen..Why look somewhere else...  
 very very below average camera.
i bought this roduct today morning 
pre ordered it 15 days back 
delivery service from flipkart was as usual superb 
guys ont get decieved by the price, 
it has a very very dissapointing camera.. 
i use a Asus Zenfone 2 ZE551ML and it has a good camera. 
mee dispite being an asus fa, wont recomend this for some one who wants allrounder 
all good 5.5 inch good
fit n finish super 
below average camera a let down 
no wonder the priced it at 9k 
only good is 5.5 inch n batter 5000mah 
dissapointed wit camera   
 1.Good Battery Backup
2.Nice Front Camera and Back Camera
3.Little Bit Heavy
4.Nice Look
5.5.5 inch Display look Awesome
6.Sound is good with Audio and Video
7.Display Quality is Good  
 Battery back up is good I never seen this much of back up Camera quality is good nice phone at low budget 
 Received the Phone yesterday, Very Prompt & Smooth delivery by Flipkart.  
Built & Grip is good. Display excellent. Updated all applications by Wifi. Dual GSM Sim working smooth and 2G/3G working fine. Call clarity good. User Friendly. Battery backup Seems ok but need a few more days to judge. Camera quality good. 
No information about Gorilla glass.No earphone, 
Overall a very good Phone,  
 Been using the device from the past 2 days. Felt impressive. You should not expect the best in this range, but this is worth every penny you spend.  
- Impressive in terms of build quality, looks, grip, ZEN UI on top of Android, Battery life, Shooting modes. 
- Good in terms of Camera quality. Can't say it's the best but manages to capture decently. 
- Felt a bit down in terms of speed. Found a bit slow. I can adjust with that as I spend very less time on mobile except calls. Better check this before the purchase to mark your expectations correctly. 
I am happy with the device ultimately :) 
 Phone is good under 10k price
Excellent battery backup
Camera is OK kind
ZenUI is good
Overall it is good phone with all basic desired features  
 Excellent phone for a price of 9999Rs. Battery is so good and the Software is silky smooth. The screen is so big that you can watch a movie, play songs.etc 
 best product in the mark feels good while holding the mobile......and the best thing it feels like a prime mobile worth to buy that product and i got delivery on 16th Jan. thats nice Tx flipkart... 
 I would say this is beast at this price. Don't hesitate , go for it. 
Only cons is ,navigation keys doesn't glow. 
Waiting for Flip cover to get released.  
Thanks 
 With in a day delivered...
Cons: Smooth Touch...Looks premium...Camera Quality Awesome...Best Budget phone in range of 10,000.
Pros: No Headset provided (Why flipkart write that headset delivered with in a box?)
Phone weight is more, make your hand in pain while play game for a long time (Measurable because of 5000 mah battery) 
 the product and service of the mobile zenfone bad .dont buy this product. so you wont buy the product i received is not good in conition. 
 After 20 days used i write my review here, before OS is 5.0 may be good, but after i update 6.0 its not working properly. Network problem, message and some service automatically stopped. then battery charge time taken for full around 4.5hrs. Over Weight 
 phone is not working fine. it takes a lot of time to get charged and meanwhile, it gets hanged too. I am not happy with the performance. 
 I love the Flipkart service, they deliver the product before time and original product, anyone can believe blindly onto flipkart. 
thanks to team Flipkart. keep it up. 
 1. I have used this product ordered from Flipkart - Quality of the cell is not at all good
2. Battery life is okay like normal - I dint get the feel of 5000mAh battery
3. Sound of speaker as well as headphone sound is not good. 
4. Cell is lagging a bit which is a real worried issue 
Lastly, people can get much better phone within this range. Thank you 
 Mobile is not good touch pad is poor ....Dont purchase this mobile,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, 
 without charging phone got fire because of battery burst and total has fired. 
actually when it happen without charging very worst dangerous mobile 
 The problem in sim detection began to surface just after two weeks of use. The request for refund/return got rejected even when it was under 30 days replacement policy. Disappointed with Flipkart this time. 
 Phone is good but my phone is loosing battery backup only for 1 day what can i do for it plz help me for it very urgent 
 I bought Asus Zenfone Max just a month ago. I am totally dissatisfied with the mobile since the handset got faulty within one month. I encountered Connectivity issues in the phone. While we call through the phone the call get disconnected in the middle, it breaks sometimes. It hangs by the time as we can't make a call from it. We cant do a re-call until we restart the mobile. 
 This is last time i am buying phone from flipkart. and i wont recommend anyone to buy phones from flipkart. 
I bought this phone ausu zenofone max from flipkart, and after using 7 days i found out. that my set was getting hang , some time display go off during chat. battery backup also not impressive according to its battery .
but my friend zeonofone performance was faster then mine , so i applied to return this device. 
flipkart sent one technician at my home , he did some mojo on my device. after that he also agree that device was not working as its should be. 
Then flipkart said our seller refuse to return your device. so flipkart not able to refund my money. 
now i am middle of nowhere. very disappointed . even i am buying product from flipkart from a long time. 
 good til now did'nt faced any problem.......................................................................................................................................................................................................... 
 I earlier has Asus Zenfone 5 which worked great. But Asus Zenfone Max has been a nightmare for me. Only good thing about this phone is battery, rest is outdated, and unusable. Due to this experience am a anti Asus now. 
 Phone was hanging, when i am trying to open it will take so much of time,please take back my phone other give another one,from starting only i got this problem in the future i may get so many problems please give me the solution 
 I am very hope to Asus but after purchase of Max I am very disappointed. The mobile started hanging after 2ed day of purchase and after booting my Micro SD card crashed and my all 10 GB data lased. after some time mobile auto switch off and lagging problem started. battery backup is good but charger is week.
One of my colleague also facing same problem.  
Flipkart 30 day return policy also very bad. 
 gr8 phone and a handy one too. Batters gr8.at this price range it's the best.and wid 5000mah battery it's certainly will last long. Android was gr8. Security awesome 
 i hv got this mob in with in 3 days..its been a month working ausum..camera is appriciable..long battery time..gd product from asus.. 
 I bought this phone a week ago I truly enjoyed using...100% value for money....I play games excessively still no issues at all ... battery back up just superb..premium build quality ... I have been using xperia z3 for almost two years but this phone is a beast.... the most astonishing thing is that it comes with lots of good qualities just under 10k... 
 Worst camera ever, Asus 13mp equals to 1.3mp camera, don't go for this 
 product very good. you should have added the headset and cover.if not atleast the head set could have been included in the package. have placed order for the same. reducing one star for the same. thank you. 
 Everything's good.. but a little lag while capturing photos of high qualities.. while opening the recently taken pictures it lags.. menu lags a little bit.. can be fixed.. overall a good phone.. ASUS could had made this a little lighter? Battery life is awesome.. i only charge it full once and i use it for a day and a half or two.. full use.. movies, internet, games, and all.. Fix the lagging issues in next update plzzz.. :) 
 just received the phone today. design is good.
but the camera clarity is worst especially the back camera. even with flash, the picture quality is too bad.
bought this fone with great expectations but so much disappointed now. 
 WS Retails shows its gives 30 days replacement guarantee but in actual when any user applies for the return/refund for the same they straight away deny saying we are sorry!!!! 
 Guys don't fall for Flipkart's 30 day replacement policy.
I have ordered zenfone max and it had a constant hanging issue.
I have placed 2 times the request for refund but they have told me that they have done the troubleshooting of the phone online and the issue is resolved.
They have passed those 30 days by doing the same 2 time but still the phones hanging problem is not resolved.
Stop cheating guys. 
 My phone not working from last 10 days properly i try to make or log the complaint not no one bother to taking my complaint on series mode. My phone have hearing problem please solve my issue on urgent basis or replace my phone on urgent basis. 
 Headphone not the box contact my number or return the mobile phone 
 Osm phn by asus and osm prformance no doubt ...i received it in 4 dayz by flipcart nd thnxx to themm .....working absolutely fine..bt i just ordrd it a week ago for Rs9999 nd now u r providing it on Rs1000 discount it feels sad :( 
 It's getting very heat every time while charging,talking and browsing...the cpu heat percentage is 63 degrees.. thats why iam using ear phones,audio jack not responding.touch not working properly every time need to press two or three time to operate...every time need to press power button to end call...charging indicator light not working,cpu performance is very slow,suddenly shows blank screen,not responding to operate, 
I am not a heavy user,not installed any gaming apps 
with in 30 days i requested for replacement but rejected and states that contact to nearest service center,service center people hold with them 4 days and returned said that changed mother board,but no one issue was not solved...still facing same problems,its irritating me while using 
 The phone has bad harware , tried to return the product in a month but flipkart did not listen now the phone dies in every two months. 
I plan to go to consumer court , this issue prevails with all products from ASUS as a brand. Please do not buy. 
 A very nice smart phone 
Little bit hanging 
*good camera 
*Good battery 
*u get more costume feature inside. 
?Need finger print scanner for lock then this will bee worthy 
 i using dis device for past two week device is looking good and battery is everlasting...But the main issue is network connectivity ,signal frequently drop and der is no seperate 4g mode and 3g is also not stable in this model.i m also using moto e it connects 3g and connection is stable when i m using asus i m facing connectivity issue...i reported to flipkart last week ,they said that they will send technical person to solve the issues once its manfactured issue the phone will replace..but till now id didnt got any response from them...i have bought many mobile from flipkart before the service was good ... But this is the first time i m facing this type of service problem... 
 Its been only a month and the display of the phone is not working. The screen has gone completely dark. 
 Good service but you need to start delivering such products in u.p. region also  
 Im using this phone from past two days..im a heavy user..only once i charged phone to 100% till now.these r my reviews for fellow buyers
Pros.
1). As i said, battery! If u hav this phone with u, dont wory abt backup atall..even if phone is at 40% it will take one hour heavy usage to bring it to 30%. Heavy usage as if, playing high end games like modern combat5, watching online videos, downloading apps from playstore etc.
2) phone chipset is good enough to do good level of multitasking and gaming..i ve been playing modern combt5, asphalt etc..all these games runs without any lag in optimum graphics
3) OTG support..it reads otg very fast.
First i had some problem getting my pendrive detected in phone file manager..but later it worked after changing pendrive mode to FAT32. Not sure wethr this is a problem of this particular piece of zfone max.
3)NO HEATING ISSUES ATALL!!
belive me..when i say no heating, it meansno heating atall..even aftrr ging for hours
4) superior buid quality..i bought black colour..really liked finish of back case in this..dont know how white colour max will look like
4) front camera
U can take amazing selfies with this phone..even can take slowmotion videos using front cam.
Cons.
1) zen UI installs lots of unwanted apps when u connect to internet for first time
.but u can unistall them and free ur ram later..no a big problem but stil felt annoying a bit
2) back camera is pretty decent..not great in terms of colours..u can refer videos in youtube for detailed camera reviews
Thasts all cons i felt in this awesome device 
Speaker sound is good, and phone is little bit bulky because of 5000mah battery inside..but personally i prefer battery backup like this beast can offer over the weight of phone. 
I recoment this phone to all if ur budget is less than 10k 
 Poor network connection, using one Basic model some other brand, Bcoz of network not connect properly, 
Facing problem from 20days there is no use to give service also.
Camera not much clear   
 Goodfdddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd 
 Memory card issue, everytime notification come, unexpectedly SD card remove......
No other issue... 
 Sooo fast delivery and nice one .battry life is grt and its recommend 2all of my frnds  
 Excellent phone and delivery also. i am trully happy and satisfied 
 I got this mobile for my brother.. after getting which he is extremly happy 
 Dis is d bst phn i evr use under 10k..very fast nd rely works as power bank...grt 
 not for high performance 
best for basic use
battrey good
camera good
doest struck quickly
battrey drowning some times  
 Niice nice nice. Very nice nice nice nice i love this item good 
 Mast phone hai yaar jabardast ek dum kirak nyc features great 
 what shall i do, my power button for Asus zenfone max has stopped working at all. i have been facing many problem due to this condition of the mobile.   
 Nice phone to use.awesome delivery by flipkart.thanks to Flipkart 
 The phone is very good .. battery is superb. If you are internet savvy the its Best phone for you because it dont get discharge for one full day upon Full usage of net Continuously for 24hour. Also sound and display is very good .. camera is also very good .. best phone under 10000 .. go for it.. also No heating problem?????? 
 Good one 
I like it's battery backup 
It's cemera 
Zen UI is amazing 
 Budget mobile value for money
Battery performance awesome
Back cover made with leather finish added advantage 
 Hi everyone 
Phone wise its good but the only problem is touch issues that too dailpad,replaced ths product but still the same issue exists.flipkart completely not supporting for the refund of money,2nd time closed the issue stating prblm solved and not refunding the money, flipkart you are sucking your goodwill with long time customers,still waiting for the refund.  
 Nice j 
 Awesome phone and great battery life! The camera is the best part along with the crisp screen. ??? 
 Genuine and powefull!!  
Thanks to FlipKart for one day delivery 
 Nice selfless
Best camera
Good battery life
Good design
Worst screen 
 Mobile worth buying features for this price really paisa wasool . 
 Best phone......good battery backup and best gaming experience 
 Its just fantastic phn i completed 4 months no such kind of prblm i hav face right now
Just some hanging issue bt i think its been a no free space left in my card or phn also so dats why may be its hang but otherwise all features r grt and for dis price dis one is awesomeness...  
 Sound Acha Nahi Hai ........................................................................................................................................................... 
 I ordered this phone yesterday and received it by today which is amazing but whenever I tried to make any call or somebody tries to call me I am unable to make a call or to receive any call. If somebody tries to call me after just two rings it gets disconnected or if I tried to call someone he just gets a miscall. I am so very frustrated with this. If the main function of a phone which is to make and to receive calls will not work who would like to see the other features. Hence I am opting for the replacement of this product. Hope the next piece will work properly as it is mentioned in the description. 
 I will never buy anything from flip kart nor i suggest any one to buy i am not at all happy with your service 
 One Star for Battery only. Apart from it has no good features. one wired issue also cam when i restarted the phone and some of the applications were lost 
 Original product.....thanx flipkart for good service.... Superb phone..... 
 worst product hanging within 2 days itself. But i m just installed basic social media apps. camera quality is good but not working sometimes and it is hanging. only good thing is battery otherwise waste mobile and loss of money 
 I have requested for refund . They made me wait requesting to issue a complaint to higher authority. The very next moment I get a msg stating refund process cant be initiated. I am Never again with flip-kart. 
 Unable to install apps of >50 Mb size. 
Purchasing ph for 10 k and unable to istall req apps means... waste of spending 10k -1 /-
rear cam is not as promised. (Think abt dimensions given for pixels eg : 0000X1111 while u are abt to purchase).
If any 1 finds solution for installing Apps with >50 Mb plz menction. Thanx in advance.
For all remaining stars given is more. 
 battery not upto the mark as claimed taking upto 6 jours for charging full camera not seemed to be 13 mp quality phone get heating if used continuously for long time dual sim incompatibilty problem faced at the time of purchaseremaining features are functioning normally 
 battery back superb excellent 
 Phone is very good in terms of performance, battery life and futures. But i faced issue in GPS/Navigation from the day 1 and i given it for repair at Asus authorized service centre, the worst part is the never provide feedback nor they will never call and update the status even from Asus end.
I was following service center (hand set given on 26th April) and my followup was on 2nd May and they say they ordered for board / part and they don't know when it will reach to them, they simply say that we will handover your set once the part arrives
The beauty is that, i called Asus support center and the response is part will reach on some time (i asked many time some time means when ? they repeatedly say some time) what a response !!!
I called today to Asus support center and as per their data base the part may reach service center around 16th May (20 days from date of handover). This is pathetic and nothing to do now
So it is better to buy a BRANDED mobile rather than running behind show cased mobiles as i was using samsung core for the past 3 years and nothing happened and even a single issue in the phone. This is the lesson
1 Star for After sales and service & 4 star for product  
 donot working properly..
defected product and return it back.. and give me a new one or refund 
donot working properly..
defected product and return it back.. and give me a new one or refund 
 Please help some time my phone restarts automatically and my phone glass is broken will flipkart give replacement 
 every thing is good as shown. I got a day battery life on a heavy usage. I regularly faced Network drop issue more then 5 to 7 times in a day it was dropped to 0 . expect that it's good I'm not happy to gve it but because of issue I'm giving it back. 
 i got it on 23rd april after ordering on 22nd april.the mobile is very good.processor is very good.touch screen working fast.rear camera gives decent pictures.front camera....is awesome.i hav full charged it on 24th april ...and the battery is going on upto...27th april....nd when i am sitting to write the review the battery is 58% left after 3rd day.but i faced two problems...i got hanged two times.when i tried to open the torch that means led flash ..it is not working properly...i tried several times.but after swichted off the mobile,and again on it.it starts working gain.i think it have a problem...it got hanged.this is the only CONS of the mobile.otherwise under 10k it is a AWESOME MOBILE. 
 this product is 3rd class this is touch problem when we are calling new number so not take a call and when add new number thane make a call 
 Waste of Money, Hanging Problem, cant dial number from call log book. Waste of Money, Hanging Problem, cant dial number from call log book.Waste of Money, Hanging Problem, cant dial number from call log book.Waste of Money, Hanging Problem, cant dial number from call log book. 
 waste product waste of beliving flipkart and buying costly items,cam is not at all good dont belive reviews day r completly false i became fool beliving flipkart and buying mobile im not at all intrested in rating such a useless service n product  
 Best in class and what a perfect "one day delivery" service provided by flipkart ...just awesome.. 
 very good mobaile  
 I got ma fone today, bt I dint receive headset wth the box as per specifications gvn n the site.. 
 worst phone i have ever seen. total waste of money. it's battery drain in only one day and its application hangs everytime. please dont buy this Dabba phone 
 this phone is not working well.it is hanging when game playing.i have bought one but not it is not working.so i have desided to return it. 
 SUPERB PRODUCT AND THANKS TO FLIPKART TO SEND ME THIS PRODUCT ON TIME....
NICE MOBILE AND NICE BACKUP
THANKYOU 
 There is many more problems in my zenfone max. 
1. The speaker's sound comes stuck play stuck play when i play music or listening anything with mobile speaker or earphone. 
2. Mobile Speaker sounds comes very low also when i connect earphones. 
3. Automatically reboot. 
4. Vibration is very low when it's in my pocket i can't feel vibration. 
5. There very hanging problems. 
I facing this problem in 10 days after days of i purchase. 
I also requested for replacement but they denied my request they are never replace any product. 
 Awwesome phone. Love it
Just go for it. Dont see the negative reviews. I loved it. 
Just an awesome phone, with a hell lot of features... sooo many features than a normal phone, really incredible 
 hi sir iam unhappy with this product i want to return ur product ycoz this phone is hanging too much and screen become black while using or playing games and my charger also not working so plz take back ur product i want my money back plz 
 VALUE FOR MONEY AWASOME QUALITY PRODUCT BY ASUS. 
ONE OF BEST BRAND IN MOBILE PHONE......................... 
 I have ordered this and found that the display lights were not good.. I have replaced it and again my new phone's display was also not good...don't go for it. 
 Pls don't buy buy online better buy from shop i brought asus zenfone max from flipkart but happy at all with quality suddenly the brightness become week in 1 week of using phone also sound quality is not good 
 the phone keeps restarting had to return it after two days.................................................................................. 
 excellent product, i prefer this phone if u r looking fr very good battery life n moderate use of phone. 
 i use this from 15 days and i observed that-
battery backup very nice-i charged it once full and then i continous used in games as well as in internet its battry low in 34 hours
camera quality is very nice
weight is not much high and look is very classic
no heating effect 
 Headphone not included in the Box. while purchased it from other seller through Flipkart the same is not functioning well as there is difficulties in connecting the Jack to the Headphone point. 
 Poor flipkart customer services! !
Unprofessional delivery!  
Asus is good at this price range if u r looking for a decent performance battery driven phone. 
 My phone getting heat. Can u suggest me what I want do? Phone was excellent but heating issue in my phone.. 
 this mobile so good and having good battery backup
but font camera is bad.
flipkart cheated some accessorizes like headset,charger
Flibkart cheating website not buy in thsi website 
 It is being switched off automatically.atleast four times per day.it is unexpected.................................... 
 I ordered before 2 days i bought this mobile but its not eorking even i cant switch on the mobile when i was charging its reached 75% automatically switched of and very difficult to on .when i on mobile its came to 2% battery low i very dissappointed to my battery i so damn annoid 
 Please do not purchase this product as said in d ad this product doesn't have any such features and when requested for return or exchange got the worst experience of purchasing online plz don't purchase any mobile from this site it's completely fake 
 Just Loving It nice Look and a Good delivery.........gr8 phone with good battery backup and cool camera ................. 
 sirf ek shabd is se jabardust or dhansu item is kimat par nahi mil sakta 9999/- 
over all blasting mobile. 
 In Less than a month after buying the phone, the battery has started leaking. 
This is not covered under warranty and is charged additional Rs. 2000 for replacement - again with no warranty that the product will work. 
Apart from paying for the battery, the service center is not equipped with the required equipment or spares and is taking 2 weeks to fix. 
 Kindly don't buy this phone I just got this phone via flipkart a week before from the second day it started giving trouble 
1. Screen black out quite often
2 . Touch and display problem neither you can switch off nor you cannot restart... 
3 . Often automatically exit from the screen where you are
4 Doesn't support 4g network . Even to raise a complaint 3rd time I called from my landline
5 flipkart ppl wanted me to troubleshoot this ...y should I ? When I have paid 10000bucks for this. 
I only good thing camera is super picture quality is super
No heating problem 
Asus please consider customer review 
Flipkart ppl please understand we are not seeing you ppl or this is not direct selling we trust by your online network and we are buying you need to understand the pain of customers and should refund if there is a problem  
Kindly do the same.
Buyers please do not buy this phone ....you will waste your Monet  
 I have ordered for ZC550KL-6A023IN model zenfone max.
but the model which is shipped to me is Asus Z010D. 
This is purely a wrong shipment of the product OR even a kind of cheating the customers.
THe original Asus website also mentions that ZC550KL is the correct model of zenfone max. 
I have requested for return of the product and waiting to hear from them. 
 BEST PRODUCT TO BE OFFERED AT THIS RATE.BATTERY CAPACITY EXQUISITE, SUPPORT AND FEATURES BEST IN THE SECTOR 
 Phone features are good but the product is not durable at all....the phone fell off from 3 feet and the screen got damaged. The repair cost around Rs 4500. Don't believe what's being projected as corning glass 4,Its brittle as normal glass. Flipkart should look at what are they advertising to the customers and then decide about replacement policies. 
 Battery is good. Software issues are definitely there. More to do with ram management. Hangs occasionally in the dial up screen, have to wait sometimes after pressing the power button for it to awake. Was unsure of it but still went for it. Have applied for a replacement and its on its way post some calls to flipkart. Hoping it runs for a year atleast. 
 Hanging Problem.
Camera Issue.
Small Applications takes ages to open.
Some application dot't respond.
Don't buy from WS retail in flipkart. 
I got this defective piece the 3rd time.
Overall not at all satisfied with the mobile and flipkart  
 Wow! What a phone.. just a toy.
I brought it on 10th feb, After two days of using its starts hanging, and now the camera is completely blackout, screen is blinking.. After pressing the power button u need to relax,.. Its need too long time to get the screen.
I doubt about it's quality. 
 I purchased it before 5 days but it show problem after 3 days, Half display got blur. Flipkart , ood accepted and giving replacement. is ok 
But handset looks awesome, works good but camera is not too good but it is ok with this price. Hoping good for Replaced handset. ty 
 it has over weightvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvv 
 back camera is very poor quality.. .............................................
it ll kills your camera passion 
 pls arrange the Head Phones and power bank ASAP.... 
My order Id - FMPP4018870196 please provide the good service for customer after getting payment you are doing like this is not a good way..!.. 
 I am using ASUS mobile for more than a year...previously using Zenfone 5. Recently i purchased the MAX and the features are very good as compared to the price but recently i am facing software issue where all of a sudden applications were opening by their own and i am not even able to close the applications. The only option available to me is switch it off. I am seriously thinking to replace the phone.
Apart from this the battery backup is very good. 
 After one month phone is hanging..
Regularly I'm not expect from ASUS...
Sorry 
 great time for delivery but the screen is yellowish, else--------- i am not willing to cheek, flip kart willing to change the mobile ---hope this time the display is ok----finger cross 
 It hangs sometimes. U regertting choosing this prouduct.sometimes it is fine. Its okk..
 Battery backup is not like the same it was declared by manufacturer/ your site. Manageble... 
 Not a Very good phone.... but battery backup is good...charging phone needs one day to complete..No 3g video call.its pity on asus devolpers because even 5k phne also having that 3g calling facility.
Another draw back is system lag..even the phone having a good processor and 2 gb ram
 Its shame on you...so dont cheat the customers..otherwise try to upgrade the phone.  
Good service By flipkart team...and WS retail.. 
 The Phone sound quality is very bad.I had preordered this phone and i got it on 19th of Jan on receiving i tested the speaker and they are really bad ,i could not hear anything . 
I return back phone. 
 duplicate product received. Mic & speaker not good . time waste . 30 day replacement grantee . customer care no response . They are telling go service centre . 
 Nyc phn but battery backup not good... in my case sim 2 slot not working....bt thanks to flipcart they are accepted refund request.... 
 awesome feature excelent battary life and no hiting prb,awesomeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee 
 POWER packed mobile. To good. I bought for my father. He need for You tube, Facebook and what's app. Its simply serving his purpose. Not for gaming. So 1ghz processor is good enough. Battery is too good. Charging quickly and lasting for 5 days.  
Other thing to mention,5* to flipkart customer service. First phone I got was suddenly stopped working after 10 days. It was not switching on. I requested for replacement. Flipkaet replaced without any unnecessary questions and delivered new one in two days. 
 I AM BOTH BUYING IN THE OPENING DAY FROM FLIPKART.FROM LAST 2 YEARS I USE ZENFONE 5 WITH NO PROBLEM & CURRENTLY BUYING ZENFONE MAX , SO BATTER IN SAME PRICE  
Owsomeeeee.
Kam bugget me mast phone hai.
Camera quality also v good.
asus rocksssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss.  
 SCREEN GLASS AND COVER ARE NOT AVAILABLE IN HYD SHOPS  
 X 
 I purchased this product on 20th Jan. But from very 3rd to 4th day the phone is hanging and at present i.e. after 2 weeks its hanging more. It is taking 10 to 12 seconds to open the lock screen. Also the camera is not working and just shows a BLACK screen!!! After restarting the phone its working properly but only for 5 to 6 hours and again its hanging and having the same problem. 
 With reference of my product ,its been delivered in lighting quick time through Flipkart...Appreciate it !!
Unfortunately after 3 days of delivery , due to minor accident my phone LCD got damaged & I immediately submitted handset to authorized service center at Gurgaon, they assured me to rectify the same in 3 working days. 
Its almost 8 days gone but authorized service center couldn't able to rectify the same & they are showing their dependability to Asus central team as they have not dispatched relevant part ( LCD scree ) to service center .
Its really very unfortunate for me to select this kind worst brand, who itself not able to arrange service of their own product. 
 i have buy this phone but its not good its have display problem ,when using display was blinking with high and low brightness, bettry performance is very good , but very heavy in weight 
 hi tx for OS mobile, i really love this cell phone, but i have sum problem regarding applications, phone get restart and its shows sum kind of error like 509 n all, i have bought 2 phone same model but in other cell phone i m not getting this kind of error, so can you plz look about this problem.  
tx 
 Writing after 10 days use.
Only we all need is battery. You couldn't get such a battery backup even on iPhone. 
This is the beast which can comes long long lasting battery. Mine 3 days battery on lite heavy use 2 days exactly. 
 I thought it would be a great deal to get this phone only because of its battery life but after use t feels too slow and lags....thinking to eturn it back 
 i haven't receive the headphone in the packed,so next time flipkart maintained the loyalty to the customer. 
 good phone but worst delivery.no delivery for up and i got it with scratches on screen and back cover..hope flipkart would keep delivery for UP for this phone also.........
performance wise good..  
 I'm really surprised by the swiftness in delivering the product. Quite an appropriate catchphrase - "In a Flash!!" 
 Don't buy any product from Flipkart because Flipkart gives worst product delivery.  
 I got a damaged product (scratch on the phone). They are rejecting my Replacement request. Worst service. 
 NICE PHONE, I LIKE IT, 5.5" SCREEN, SMOOTH GLIDING, SMOOTH FINISHING, ALSO A QUICK DELIVERY, NICE PACKING. 
 Pros
------- 
1) Battery 5000 Mah = I am impressed, its awesome , i can surf 3g whole day and still i get battery 2 days , the different power saving modes especially which can be set for night time extra are very useful saving energy. very nice. 
2)Build quality and looks = nice , very nice worth the money 
Cons
-------- 
1) I got a defective piece the audio in the phone is very poor while calls my 1700 Rs lava phone is much better in audio quality and stays on charge for a week 
2)This phone doesnt have water spill resistence like moto g my last phone 
3)Doesnt having a corning gorilla glass- so cant be sure how long i will see it unshattered as i drop my phone many a times. 
------ 
Flipkart please send me a good piece of this or gimme my money back :) 
 camara is poor and they did n't take back 
return option is hiding so once you will by this mobile you can't return 
 battery is very powerful but I have problem in screen.My ASUS ZENFONE MAX Screen is flickering.............. 
 not satisfies with product i got . back speakers not working at all also replacement is not available for this . 
 Nice phone , good features.. As per Expectations... Go for it :) 
Delivered by Flipkart before the delivery date... 
 As per committed date deleivery is not done ,,,seller is not despatched the phone on promissed date!!!!!! 
 ASUS IS GREAT. DONE A GOOD JOB.CAMERA SUPER. BATTERY BACKUP IS VERY GOOD................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................ 
 Mobile was delivered on time as required, not a single problem, and waiting for better offer.. thanks flipkart 
 Good phone in this range excellent battery backup good display nice design . 