
 Touch sensor is very bad.
Touch does not give proper response.
This is flop version of canvas up till now.
Front Flash only for night vision, it does not useful for photography
do not buy
waste of money 
 After using the product for almost seven days following are my observations:
Good things: 
1. Good performance
2. Good look and design.
3. Good sound quality of speaker. 
Bad things , which you should definitely consider before buying this:
1. Less responsive very bad touch screen.
2. Bad battery performance.
3. Very slow charging. 
 All the features of the product is good but the touch pad is bad.
Its touch pad is not good.
And all over facilities are nice. 
 Front Camera is Good :) but back camera is very bad.  
If you want 10k mobile 4G mobile, i will suggest just hold because its not good mobile for 4G. 3GB RAM is OK !!  
Light weight Mobile ! 
Thanks, 
 dont buy this item cause its camera quality is not good as said but its front camera is superb.by the way the mobile is good at all except its back camera... 
 Front camera superb , no heating problem so far, back camera is average, all over is good buy at this cost. 
 Bought this phone on 23rd Dec 2015
Delivered within the time I.e 31st Dec 2015
Everything is good except 
*Touch screen performance,
*Network hanging, 
*Apps will close automatically, 
*Battery drains too much speed, 
*Heating like hot water. 
 I purchased this phone last week,  
Touch sensor is very bad.It does not give proper response.so it is use less product.  
so please don't buy this phone,  
Any one please let me know If any phone is working fine without touch pad issue. they are not providing refund,only replacement option. So I am not believe if I replace this, the new phone will working fine.   
 awesome phone...superfast interface and so fast gaming.really i became a fan of micromax to produce such high end smartphones  
 Delivery time is good, well packed, product is also satisfying me, while 4G service is also faces some heat, as exchange of data and uploading is fast.
Anyway good product with 3GB RAM. 
 very good phone at this price.features are too good and procesing fast from all the last launches of canvas series.if you are thinking to buy a new handset.you can try this one.low price with high specification 
 battery sucks. Like really sucks!
Everything else is fine. 
This is budget friendly and has some really nice features so i would say go for it. 
 G 3gre
Really nice one. 
Plus points: 3 GB ram
Sound system is good
Camera
Processor
Hand free
Yes this is really canvas pulse... 
 Pros
1. Good Performance
2. Good Design
3. Great deal at this price with the exchange offer.
4. No heating problems (unlike perceived of a micromax phone)
5. 
Cons
1. Average camera
2. Battery could ve been 2500 mah  
 everything is good except the slow charging 
takes too much time for charging ..
camera quality is nice 
good performance 
 Impressed with look and it's features.
I think this is the only phone currently available at low price with higher specifications. 
 Amazing product at good price delivery process equally good wow 
 Have problem with Phone touch and Heating problem operation also very slow compare to 3GB RAM phones. 
Battery Charging is very slow. 
 camera quality is very good
auto focus not ok
browsing speed ok
16 gb internal memory ok
2GB ram ok
mobile rate is not ok
front camera not for 5MP no clarity 
 touch is very bad.
poor camera quality.
heating problem
Network hanging, 
Apps will close automatically, 
Battery drains too much speed,
flipkart service is also too poor. 
 touch response is a bit on harder side, battery drains out very fast and takes a lot of time to charge even with 2A fast chargers.... rest is cool... i would recoment it to every1 
 Very Bad Product Please don't go for it
It's the worst product of Micromax Canvas Till now 
Cons
Touch pad is very hard
Heats Very Fast
Slow Charging
Sometimes voice failiure while calling
Sometimes Doesn't respond to the touch  
Pros
3 Gb ram
Good Camera Quality
Look wise good 
 Battery is too bad.
Back camera is worst.
Front camera is good with sun light.
Too much of heating issue.  
 1.Good performance 2. Good look and design. 3. Good sound quality of speaker  
Touch sensor is very bad.
Touch does not give proper response.Bad battery performance.
Very slow charging. apps download the tech double its ore zoom 
 Loved the design and the stylish look.  
I have noticed one drawback. That's the Battery. it's only 2100 MAH. It should be at least 2800.  
Other than that, it's great to handle. 
 Micromax Canvas Pulse 4G is best Mobile outstanding Battery backup Front camera is average and back good Awesome Looks 
 Not a good phone from micromax. Camera both front and back is bad and not up to the mark. Speed is OK . But battery backup is poor. Not worth for the the money for 9999 which I got on the date of release. Plz don't buy. 
 worst mobile i ever purchased thought it would be a nice gift for my sis but it totally ruined my sisters expectations, worst display, worst camera, touch doesn't work sometimes even for replaced piece, stupid micromax 
 Good product I am recommend to all my customers please purchase this product all flip kart cus 
 This phone is very bad. Toch and display and spekaer.. battery all so bad .Plz do not spend your money on this phone. 
 Very irritating mobile... heating like an iron machine... fed up with this cell done everything which flip kart people told problem yet not solved.... 
 Bought this from flipkart Delivered wwithin 3 days packaging was excellent. But overall this phone is not worth to buy. Only the camera quality worked well rest everything was very pooor. The biggest problem is it's touch the phone touch is very very bad u had to apply more pressure to swwipe the touch had to be sensitive but here the case is just opposite. Secondly another big problem is that it hanged many a times when i used it for 3 days it hanged nearly 15 times and then nothing responded. We had to take out the battery and then reset phone to work. So i initiated the return. The return was just hassle free and simple. I did one call and flipkart agreed to return the refund to my account. And within 5 hrs after returning the item i got my full refund. So flipkarts return policy was just awesome Again i would advise not to buy this phone you will really get irritate. 
 Specification are quite good. All my stars are for its specifications. Heating Problem is what irritates me. Using net for 1 minute, temperature rises to 55degrees. Go to 3g circle and forget to use net. If you buy this phone you will definitely need a backup phone because you can never rely on this phone. Better to buy Micromax Unite 2 for better reliability. This phone can be used for show off. If you have money to waste then this is your best choice. 
 Touch is very bad.
Touch is very bed
The products is very bad 
 I am using miocromax mobiles for the last 5 years. This is one of the worst product ever from Micromax canvas category.Touch screen was not at all working properly. Mobile was working fine for 30 days then later the touch screen was not at all responding. I spoke to Micromax customer care and got it replaced with new phone(same model). Now again I am facing the same kind of issue in the second mobile as well. Better go for any other models for this money. 
Never ever go for this product. I can't give negative star hence gave 1 start else I would have given -5 start... :( 
 I bought this phone on 16th march and returned it on the next day
Pros-
I got nothing in one day but I got lot of cons
Cons-
very bad touch as it don't responds even pressed hard
Networks goes and comes many times as it disconnect the call too
The back camera is very bad and the front is just ok
The immense heat released from the phone as it smelled like burnt but it was still working 
Flipkart Pros-
The refund process was very fast. I talked to the flipkart executive in morning and got the pickup man after some hours. The money was refunded in bank account next morning. 
 do't buy this mob.....this is the worst phone i ever seen ....and also very bad seller......for this i am not gona support flipcart also..becz service is also very bad 
 Poor Quality Product, Hanging on every incoming or outbound call. It not a good looking phone. Audio quality is also very poor. 
 Dear , 
really i got bad product from flipkart pls take return back otherwise i will go to legal justice and media 
 The Features & looks of the Phone is Nice n Good But within one month the phone hanged & Touch was not working... So Disappointed :-( 
 one of the worst mobile, Cheap touch. bad experience with micromax, dont buy guyz....................................................................................................................................... 
 I have been a continuous shopper with flipkart.
Overall i have shopped for more than a lakh rupees.
This is the worst ever product that a brand like flipkart can sell.
The biggest negative of this product is the worst touch sensitivity (even a china model works well)
The slowness.
I was not happy with the Flipkart customer care as well. Is there a quality team monitoring calls with customers and if so please ask your associates not to be rude.   
 its touchpad is very bad always irritating.... and its battery life is also not so good .......
so i suggest everyone don't go for it...invest your money in another mobile 
 Big price less feature worst battery back up
Flupkart service good 
 Useless phone, purchase and got it just on dec. 31st, the battery is alredy dropped, above all FLIPKART repres. attitude, the seller is not prepared to call for the product back RS> 9999 is grown on trees for these people. UTTER DISGUSTING SOULS. DO NOT EVER PURCHASE CELL PHONES ON FLIPKART. RATING IS EVEN BELOW ZERO, FORGET THE STARS
DB 
 your mobile touch is not working properly... 
plz replace it 
 1)I am not satisfying with this mobile lots of heating problem some time i feel my bathing water is more cooler than this heating
2)totally use less camera not even i can see my image properly even if dots...dots..dots that i can see better not my photo
3)insensible touch pad  
just wasting of money 
 very bad product
since purchase not working
even flipkart does not take responsibility for return or giving money back
poor response from flipkart 
 this is very poor mobile.....i have buy before 15 day ago but facing lot of problem...camera quality is very bad ,,,,touch screen also very bad,,,,,and company now rejct to return 
 Micromax is the worst mobile I ever had. The screen has been broken in only two days, then I have contacted service center in Hyderabad. They suggested me to send the mobile to other place. 
 Frequently hanging from the 1st minute of using this phone and at the same time touch will not work then we need to remove battery and reboot but still it will not work many times even after reboot, heating very soon and obvious poor battery backup......
Really very disappointed with this product buying with Flipkart.. 
 It's great on line shopping experience with flipkart. WS retailer is awesome. Perfect delivery ever time. 
 I bought it from flipkart. Fipkart delivered fast I exchanged it with my samsung grand prime. Even though this phone says 3GB RAM it is taking 5 minutes to get started first. I had a
 64GB memory card but alas ! it read only upto 32 GB I can not use that card now. Further phone is getting restarted many times during calls and some important calls were missed. Getting really hot during calls. Rear camera is not upto the mark. Requested help from flipkart and waiting 
 Excellent i m enjoying the Pulse.... and i got it in hand before the delivery date..... thanks ................................................................................................... 