Coolpad is really a new brand for the India but Coolpad born in 2003 and the Yulong Coolpad (parent company) was established in 1993 in Shenzhen and now Coolpad is the largest smartphone company in China and largest Chinese domestic brand by sales outside of China.Coolpad is doing great in India, the company continue introducing the new product one by one and the best thing about them is each of them comes with an excellent price tag without compromising the product quality. The only negative part of it is they use MediaTek chips instead of Qualcomm to reduce the cost of the product.Now the question arises what is bad in MediaTek? The answer is simple overall performance.MediaTek is a Taiwanese company. It uses more cores in its processors. Mediatek chipsets are known to be more power draining and result in less battery life, they are very good at multi-tasking because of more cores but again more cores demand more RAM to give the best performance, More performance=more cores=more heat=battery drain.Coolpad Note 3 Lite it also ships with a MediaTek's MT6735 chipset. MediaTek's MT6735 SoC with a maximum clock speed of 1.3GHz paired with the Mali-T720 GPU and that beats out the Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 clocked at 1.2GHz which employs the Adreno 306 GPU for graphics in benchmark tests.Let's come to the pros and cons of Coolpad Note 3 Lite.-------PROS:-------1. Price!! yes, it is the cheapest phone on the market with these specs.2. Very simple and sleek design like its big brother without the "Lite" tag.3. Fast and accurate fingerprint scanner.4. Processor!! MediaTek's MT6735 beats out the Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 in benchmark tests.5. Fast 3GB RAM with r/w speed of ~3000MB/s (More than 2.3GB usable) + 16GB inbuilt Flash memory(10.9 usable) with read speed of ~150MB/s and write speed of ~40MB/s which is really good for the price tag. (Added screenshot)6. Dual sim(both 4G) and MMC slot(supports up to 32GB only), It other words it does NOT use a hybrid slot for sim 2 and micro sd.7. 5.0 inch HD IPS Display (Bigger the display more the productivity).8. Built on Stainless Steel Internal Frame.9. Packed with 13MP and 5MP camera sensor.10. Very good quality matte finish textured back feels premium and makes good grip in hands. (Added picture)11. Arc Design and rounded corners do not hurt in the pocket. (Added picture)12. COOLUI 6 with gestures control like double tap to wake, slide up to unlock etc.13. Bundled with good quality charger, micro USB cable, screen protector and earphones. (Added picture)14. Good protection around the camera lens with a metal frame. (Added picture)15. A good output from the 3.5mm jack, all you need is a good app like poweramp and pair of good earphone. I tested it with bundled earphones and XB70AP.--------CONS:--------1. Made in China(All other brands started now making in India)2. Camera(low light photography is very bad) and at this price tag other phones come with the better camera.3. Non-Removable Battery and bad Battery backup, also battery takes long to charge and does not come with 2amp charger.4. The Golden frame around the device can get scratched easily and then it will ruin the look of the device. (Added picture)5. The camera is popping up from the back side, only using a back cover can save it from getting scratched. (Added picture)6. The Menu, Home and Back keys are not backlit and does not look good. (Added picture)7. No latest Android, Ships with Lolipop 5.1 and there is an OTA update available but still on 5.1.8. Available only in white color for now.9. Bundled earphones have no bass at all but again you got them for free with the device.10. Speakers on the back side of the phone and very bad output from the speakers, you won't even hear it if the phone is in another room.---------------VERDICT:---------------For the price point, Coolpad Note 3 lite has given more than one can demand, this is the only phone that comes with good 3GB RAM, 16GB storage, and a good fingerprint sensor at this price tag. Without any second thought, I can say it is the best phone in the market right now with this price tag. The only things I don't like about it is the camera, speaker and battery performance.PS: I am providing some pictures of the product for better understanding as "A picture can speak a Thousand words" (I already wrote more than 500 words).[...]superb battery life, easily more than a day on normal use (with 3g and location).two charging modes: slow one - more than two hours - but supposed to preserve battery cycles, and fast one which i havent used.very functional phone, worth every penny. screen and touch are great, doesn't heat a wee bit, and all apps work smoothly.First camera is good picture quality is awesome phone is good processor is fine work battery life is good totally best phone in this priceBest phone I love to use it on issue at all and my suggestion to amazon customer go for it. Instead of Xiaomi  Redmi Note 3 this one is far better and cost saving product no heating or no problem happen to me camera is good I feel very lucky to have this phoneAfter using this phone for 3 days . The only complain is the delivery time it was horrible service bt Gati courier took 14 days . Overall the device is too good for this price tag .>The look is fabulous (Glacier white).>I read in the reviews that camera is very basic but i think it is not that much basic . what can be expected from a phone worth 7k with finger prink scanner and 3 gb ram .>Finger print scanner is also very good and very fast and very accurate .>Voice is very clear .>Battery backup also good but it takes nearly 3 hours to charge which is OK with me>Ram and processor very good played GTA VC ,Asphalt 8 and NFS with zero lagging>Interface is terrific and adorable- Handset needs major improvements at software front.- UI is unpolished.- It suffers from big charging problem. Charging is very-very slow. If you use it simultaneously, charge percentage will not increase (it may even decrease if 3G, wifi hotspot etc are ON).- Amazon has lied regarding the specifications. It does NOT have Digital Compass.- Widgets do not work properly (partial update problem) and it has been confirmed at coolpadforums that the problem is with its ROM. No update yet (original firmware version was V15 and after that, V19, V21 and V22 have been released but no fixes regarding widget problems and charging problems.)- Vibrator is a big let down. It is very noisy but ineffective (you can hear it but you can't feel it).- Handset is good at hardware front.- Fingerprint scanner is super-fast and works flawlessly.- Thanks to 3GB of RAM, handsets functions smoothly.Hi all. This is my first detailed review of a product. Hope you like it.This is my second android phone. Using from 5-6 days.There are many reviews for gaming and other general features, so I will write very less about them. Please see the pics attached with review to get more.CAMERA:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------First thing that I was concerned about buying this product was its "CAMERA". Trust me guys, if you have used LAVA, Micromax or other sAstA mobiles in past, this camera will surely impress you.  Though it lacks details( clarity in pixels) the overall picture looks good in daytime.It only gets bad in low-light condition. If you trick with the camera settings in pro mode and Google camera app, you can get good results. ( see the pics included) .  Please note that I'm just a rare user of the phone camera. Your taste may vary.  However, for social media and other related things the pictures are pretty good.front camera is okay. Not tested well. Not a selfie lover. But works well.RAM------------------------------------------------------------------------This part of the phone kills every other downpoint. You can run 20+ apps at time without any lag. Excellent experience with the device.Screen:---------------------------------------------------------------------------Touch is smooth and videos work well. 1080p works flawlessly.Dedicated buttons and Cool UI (laggy) :----------------------------------------------------------------------------The back button some times don't work. I looked for reasons and found that COOL UI makes the phone stuck at some point. When opening GOOGLE NOW, it lags a bit.  I have disabled the COOL LAUNCHER and replaced it with NOVA launcher and Asus's Zend UI launcher . Nova works makkhan..If you disable default launcher, and press the "LONG Standby mode" in the dropdown tray,  the notification tray doesn't come again. You will need to set the Cool Launcher again as default launcher for it to come. These sort of hiccups can be removed with future updates.App sort feature not available in Cool launcher. I like NOVA launcher for it.> if you are playing video in default player, the phone lags a bit in background.> sometimes you need to clear apps in order to remove the lag even if the number of apps running is less.> at times "Wifi" and "Bluetooth" buttons in the notification tray, doesn't work. You have to visit the settings menu to enable/ disable them. After reboot the problem gets resolved. Don't know if it happens with all devices or just mine .Other features:-------------------------> supports screen-cast . Not tested yet. It's in the wifi menu.> Supports fast charging. Reduces charge time by half hour.  Battery takes 3 hour to charge completely. (not an issue)it is recommended to enable developer options and set the background process to null in order to get more juice out of battery.>  some one in the reviews said something about 32 GB card not working. It works great. Make sure that you are using class 10 or pro.>OTG with pendrive, Otg cable, and adapter works>Multitasking feature and C- button is very help full while working with 2 different apps at the same time.> Fingerprint is accurate 9/10 times.-------------------++++++---------------------+++++----------------+++++-------------"Now a big letdown for some gamers and Virtual reality lovers like me. "--------------------++++++--------------------+++++-----------------+++++------------> this phone doesn't have gyro/ orientation sensor. It means that Google Cardboard, VRSE and other related VR apps will not work.I checked with my Google card board and was very disappointed. At one point, I was going to return the phone. But kept due to other features.>>About return of the device, one more thing I would like to add is that, now amazon will not refund for the phone return. They will allow only replacement. Please keep that in mind and buy the phones after you are thorough with the details. Amazon delivery can be improved a bit to farther areas. Overall happy with the purchase.  As this is a product review, if I criticize amazon, my review won't be posted.P.s. > Please buy a backcover to protect the FP sensor and camera. Screen guard is included in bundle, use it to protect from scratched. Even after cautions, I have one scratch on my phone within a week. Rough use may result in damage. These tips are shared considering this a budget mobile.  Local as well as online markets have accessories available for CPN-3 Lite.i was selecting "Lenovo K4 note for the VR and other features, but considering this mobile's price and after getting an idea that VR is still in child mode, decided to go with Coolpad note 3 lite. I can still use VR with my dad's mobile so hurray.  In case there are better devices available in next six months, it would be easy to buy them considering the price I paid for this VFM product.Let's hope that Coolpad will provide good after sales services to strengthen their footprint in a market like India.Attached are:  day+night Camera samples and screenshots for sensor details and UI + stuff .  ( no editing in images, just text written from paint)Due to some error, images are not uploading. I'm putting a review on youtube for images.Please click on YES if I was helpful.If your mobile takes more time to launch "Messaging" and  "Dial/Contacts"  apps then you are at right place.1. Go to Settings2. Go to Developer Options (if you don't see this option then go to "About phone." Tap it. Scroll down to the bottom again, where you see "Build number." Tap it seven (7) times. Now you can see "Developer Options" in setting.3. Enable Developer Options.4. Scroll down to the bottom and find below options and make them off.Window Animation Scale  --- Animation offTransition Animation Scale  --- Animation offAnimator Duration Scale  --- Animation offNow, you are done.It will make your phone smoother and faster.And Feel free to mark this post as helpful so other can find it easily and take benefit of this trick.Its a great budget phone to have.Its provide almost all the features in a budget price.Its look good and also light in weight.I am writing this review after 5 days usage.Pros:1)Low SAR value-Its one of the lowest SAR rating phone.Its good to see a budget phone with such a low SAR value.2)Specs were amazing at this price point-3gb ram,16 gb internal with 32 gb expandable,13mp and 5mp camera,hd display,otg support,fingerprint scanner and nice gestures-double tap to wake up etc.3)Good looking phone and also light weight.4)bundled with Earphones and screen guard.5)Gaming performance is also very good.But you cant expect it to play Asphalt 8,Nova 3,modern combat 5 like heavy games with high graphics setting.It is able to handle them with medium graphics though.6)Camera-It takes good selfies with front cam.Rear camera also gives nice pics but in good lighting condition only.It struggles in low light to autofocus and gives grainy and washed out colors.Pro mode is alo gud to have.Use HDR mode in good light and dim light shot in low light.It somehow improves the image and gives decent results.7)Pro mode8)note 3 lite performs flawlessly with all gesture features.9)Fingerprint scanner-100% accurate results so far.Cons:Its hard to give cons as it just 7k phone:)1)Battery life-It feels better if it hs 3000 mah battery instead of 2500 mah.2)No fast charging-takes more than 3 hours to charge from 0 to 1003)no Fast charger included-comes with 1amp charger onlyBottomline:Its a must have budget phone.Its the best budget phone so far.Also it has added advantage as shortly coolpad started to manufacture it in Aurangabad plant of Videocon.It now becomes part of make in India revolution.I will update my review after few days too:)Edit:I found some issue in Signal reception.The network reception is not fine in coolpad note 3 lite.I am facing trouble in network reception.Hardly getting 1 or 2 tower in coolpad lite.Whereas I tested my sim in other phone and it shows full network towers.I would return/replace coolpad if this problem is not going to resolve.I will not write specs as you know the specs. This review is about how those specs convert in real world. This will help in your buying decision and clear some doubts.Inside box: 1 screen guard, 1A charger, headset, handset, usb cable, manual, service centre booklet. No need to buy screen guard separately. Also, the charger is not 2A and 1A is fairly okay. Conventional chargers are 500mA.Battery can be replaced if you unscrew 10 screws. Check video by BCD Tech on YouTube. Update your firmware for glitch fixes. Current update is v029. Battery life is good enough now after the update but heavy users should still skip this phone. Drains fast with GPU use during gaming or by extensive use of camera flash. By the way, it is not a dual LED flash but is still more powerful than the one on my previous phone.Camera was a hot topic and I saw a lot of negative reviews before buying it. Found it to be excellent at this price. Use CameraMX or Cinema FV5 for recording mp4 videos as the default cam records highly detailed 3gp. Focus well and use flash in low light. Even my Sony Cybershot gets grainy without flash in low light. Amazing snaps really. There is object tracking too. Not a selfie guy but front cam is perfect again.Quick response in multitasking. Please get rid of stock launcher and use Solo or Nova. Stock launcher has almost no customisation options. FP lock now works with all launchers after the update. Xploree keyboard has ad junk, so I disabled it and use Google keyboard or TouchPal. 3GB RAM, I use whatever apps I like without lag related worries.Gaming: Played NFS Most Wanted without freeze, lags or frame drops. It is a 2GB game. Yes, the device heats up a bit but all devices do. v027 update fixed thermal issues significantly.Durability: YouTube has hammer tests, fall tests, scratch tests. This passed all like a champ.Trick: Google Chrome would save stuff in internal storage despite selecting SD card as default storage location. Fix it by using a third party Download Manager like ADM and select SD in it. CameraMX stores pics and vids in internal as Android 5.1 deletes pics in SD if you uninstall Camera app. Keep in internal and it will be safe.Mxplayer>stock video player. Music player is nice. Stock headset has no bass but I use JBL. Vibrant photo editor, app lock with fingerprint, gesture, assign tasks with fingerprint, glove mode for super sensitive touch, multi tasking window, wireless screen share, split screen and what not! Too many features to use. Flashlight, C button are in system tray and can't be accessed from anywhere else.Tip: Both SIM cards support 4G but 4G/3G works only in one at a time. Toggle between SIM cards to switch 4G/3G between them from Net icon in system tray. 3G/4G symbol will appear only beside the currently activated SIM. The other one will show 2G.Android 5.1 has MTP mode and no USB Mass Storage option. Fix for this would be rooting and using USB Mass Storage Enabler but Root=screwed warranty and I just bought my phone. MTP=slower data transfer from PC. But safer. Long standy works only with stock launcher and you need to go back to the stock launcher from Settings to make the notification area work if you accidentally tapped on it while on a 3rd party launcher.I will update things if something else comes to my mind. If things didn't touch me, chances are I skipped them. Amazon delivered it fast. I have a black model and I love it. Attached some snaps without any editing. Please like if it helped you.Update #01: Android Marshallow beta is now available at the official forums for those willing to test and report bugs. Hibernation Manager has worked wonders after v029 update for battery backup. Do not stay on v027 while updating because the battery backup on that version will get on your nerves. Glad they fixed it. Greenify was not very effective for me this time.Its a third class cell plz who all look over dis cell dnt even take it plz go for next  option bcz its mike is too bad quality... I hv take. N suffering alot so..Good Phone, 3 gb of RAM is a huge advantage most apps works just fine, Good screen res and colour reproduction, UI is good,  FP sensor working just fine....  Camera quality is average both front and back...  Back cam doesnt feel like a 13 mp cam....  Battery is a bit insufficient and runs out in less than a day if you a heavy user It also heats up if you play high end games.Good phone for internet and display is quite ok. Good speed if 3G available. Main camera is worst  for photos particularly in low light.  Video quality is good. Secondary camera is very good for selfie.. finger print sensor is also interesting and easy to use. Battery is also ok for 1-1.5days for normal use. Overall very good phone for 7k except for main camera photo quality.Thank you Amazon. Received this product very fast prior to the delivery date and in an excellent packaging . Well it's been 24 hrs since m using  this.  Noticed a few pros n cons. 3gb RAM really keeps that expectation up. Mediatek Quad core processor works fine and is speed enough for those multitasking jobs. Front 5mp cam does a decent job esp with those cymera n B612 apps. Well tat 13mp camera dissatisfied me. Flash isn't tat powerful. Charging the cell takes a lot of time even on tat fast charging mode. Apart from that no complains from that screen resolution. Music is clear n crisp. I used JBL n Sony earplugs. Bass n treble seemed excellent. However the volume of the external speaker is low. Call clarity is good. 3g n 4g network works fine. Battery backup is well enough keeping in mind the 2500mah power cell. All in all @rs7000 what else can we expect more------------ The Coolpad Note 3 Lite--------------Should You Buy This Phone??? Is This Phone Worth It???The Phone Was Awesome For Various Reasons.The Phone Was Not Awesome For Various Reasons.Here by I Give The Complete List Of My Experience With The Product :-------Good Things:*3 GB of ram  -superfast*Fingerprint sensor- quite responsive*Build quality  -love the golden rim around the phone*Front Camera  -quite impressive*OTG Support -well done------The Bad Things:*Rear Camera  -well in daylight but creates yellowish images while using flash.(although they were bright in low light)*Display  -although Hd is not very bad, but it could be full Hd instead.*Battery  -it will last one full day for normal users.It Could Me At least 3000 mah.--------Verdict:At 6999, I Dont Think There Is Any Alternative To This Guy,If Your Budget Is 7000,i Highly Recommend This Phone.Its Worth Buying For A Normal Gamer Or An Average User.If You Wanna Show Off (FP sensor, 3Gigs ram,Nice build) .This Phone Is Definetly Worth Buying.Thats Why I Bought it.---------Anyway If You Want Alternatives You May Go For This:*Honor Holly 2 Plus -Honor Holly2 Plus (White)-------------------- ------------------------- ----------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------Thats It, Give A Like If You Support My Review :)Thanks :)I've purchased this phone in the second half of March. After switching from HTC ONE M8 to this phone, I was astonished by it flawless performance. Before purchasing it, I used to consider all the low budget phones to be laggy as of my experience with some phones of Samsung and Sony under '20k budget but COOLPAD NOTE3 LITE has changed my mind.Why to choose COOLPAD NOTE3 LITE=>Low budget phone=>Dual Sim Slot=>Expandable Memory=>Smooth Touch=>Good Camera=>Superfast Processing(like high budget phones)=>Superfast Finger Print sensor (faster than iPhone5S)=>Supports heavy game like GTA=>Notification indicating light which ensures, you will never miss any important notification.=>720p HD Display=>Split screen for multitasking=> Well designed Assistant button (c-button)=>Best for daily use!=>Long Standby Option.=>Light WeightThe only problem that I've faced till now with this phone is the heating problem while playing games or using the phone for a long time but THE HEATING PROBLEM IS RESOLVING BY THE CONTINUOUS UPDATES BY COOLPAD.Good phone for 7k .The rear camera is poor , otherwise 5 star rating.The phone is fast and multitasking is so easy with many apps working in background, no lag thanks to 3 GB RAM. Almost 1.5 GB RAM is free always.Front camera is very good.Display quality is good.Sound output is loud.Battery life is good.Best phone for 7k except for the bad rear camera.I recommend it if you need a phone with good performance with FP scanner and good selfies.The bad rear camera can be neglected as you cannot get much better camera phone at this price. If you are so much worried about camera performance then go for a brand like Samsung or HTC or Sony. But you will have to pay above 20k for such a phone with similar specs. So don't worry about it and go for this as you will not get anything better than this for 7kExcellent smartphone at this range..... here are the some pros and cons after 10 days usage:-PROS-1)front camera is excellent2) Fingerprint sensor works absolutely fine3)flashlight is good4)support micro sd card upto 32 gb5)support usb otg6)excellent display quality7)Lots of Free RAM Available so you can do high multi tasking8)Dual SIM 4G LTE Support9)No heating issues10) Good battery backup with power saving mode.CONS:-1) rear camera is not that great2)build quality is average3)sometimes lags in some very high-end games like nova 3 ....but asphalt 8 ,dead trigger runs smoothly4)No Touch capacitive button backlit5) The battery is not user replacableYou can have it only if you are on a real tight budget. its a rock on thing on paper but performance issues will stay.. fingerprint is nice.. so is the camera.. especially in good light the camera is really awsome for a 7k phone.. 3GB ram will not be felt to be frank.. Games will be sluggish and sometime other apps too.. Heating issue near the camera part under average usage conditions also.. The worst part is the battery.. it really really sucks.. 3-4 hours charging time that too when you dont use the phone while its charging.. Super slow i mean.. and it drains pretty fast too.. Otherwise things are nice.. Earphone are good enough.. Slim, sleek to handle.. Feels nice and easy.. White colour never tanned even after couple of months.. Really happy for that.. Letv or Redmi 3 can be much better if you can stretch out your pockets a bit moreWhile planing game device getting hit after planing some time need to close game otherwise you can't hold device at your chick while you getting callIt has a pretty good perfomance for its price. It is not lacking in the least in looks and style. The fingerprint scanner is also a nice touch to a phone that is this under priced. I havent had any problems with the fingerprint scanner yet and its sensors function well. It has a very good battery life and lasts almost the whole day even in high perfomance. The OS is android lollipop so no complains there.the only drawback I can find is the fact that it has an average camera quality and also it takes longer to charge than my Huawei P6. It also has enough internal storage for all needs like gaming,movies,music,etc, but if you think you need more, you can always add a 16 gb sd card. All in all, it is a very good product that is durable and good to useIt is nice and pretty device. I satisfied with it's exllent performance.Fingerprint sensor, 13mp camera makes it very good to buy at this price of 6999. It looks good and never hang or heat even though on playing heavy games for an one hour. Good rear camera quality and battery backup.I loved itYes, It does meet your expectations..Heat- just when battery is about to over. 8/10Multitasking- 3gigs of RAM, apps work without lag. 9/10Sound- speakers are way too good and loud. Although headphones are of little cheap quality. 9/10Fingerprint sensor- the biggest plus point. 10/10.Display- bright display. Not much easy to view in direct sunlight. Camera angles are also good.Camera- it is too good, works good in low light as well, you just need to click pictures using right modes.Battery- battery lasts a day with normal to high usage.Summary- its a good phone with excellent specs and performance under a very budgeted price that doesn't affects your pocket.Compared to my old mobile MI REDMI 1S ,This mobile (coolpad 3 lite note)  is not  good.--> Camera Quality not good--> Mobile network connectivity : Never connects to internet  until the mobile sim is disabled and enabled.--> Updated to newer build V027 with which the mobile display diminished.--> Very delicate, No good Audio speakers.--> Cannot remove the battery.--> Contact list feature and dialed number feature is not good.--> Need to add all the phone numbers prefix with area code to get the incoming call name.These are few flaws. ....need to explore more.....Nice, but some issues.Heats up as said by others. Camera is good  as I saw. No 'data usage' option in settings. UI is really cool. Feels great. Fingerprint scanner is fast . slow charging, battery drains faster. But good phone for its price. Worth burying.attached a pic taken with it.I am kind of person who doesn't give all star rating to any product. Taking about this phone it's simply good and worth each rupee.I am completely satisfied with the 3 GB RAM performance, 8 hours continuous 3G data on and dual sim mode. Handy 5 inch form factor. Slim and matte finish body.Camera: 6/10Gaming:10/10Battery:7/10Storage and RAM:9/10Display:9/10Music and video: 9UI:9/10Call experience: 10/10Excellent features and performance.otg support, apps movable.bad camera and average battery.fingerprint works perfect.battery takes long time to charge 100%.I have bought a coolpad note 3 lite(black) recently, overall the phone is awesome but the rear camera of my phone is not working properly it didn't gives good pics only blur images, it may be the manufacturing defect of my phone. In general this phone is good,having superb speed.This review is being written after more than 1 months use of the phone.It is a great value for Money phone.It gives all that one would look for in an Android smartphone. Not only that, it gives us specifications that we normally see in phones priced in the section of Rs. 10-15 thousands.But, I have given it a 4 star rating only and only because of the higher charging time (approx. 4 hours) that it takes. That is the only dampener that I see in this budget but awesome smartphone.I hope the charging would be taken care of in the future upgraded versions of this handset.But all in all, a big thumbs up to this phone from my side (alas the Charger).this mobile is realy good and looking stylish..but it take too much time to getting full charge and when i play some hd games like asphalt 8 or morden combat 5 its decrese its charge shortly..but outher ways its a realy nice phone to handle any latest game or multitasking.Don't thing about any question...Osm product,Good battery life,extrine extra ordinary performance,good camera,most one is price tag...Go ahed for buy this amaging product...I also buy new one in black colour....Completely worth itMuch better than any other phone in this price range.  Althogh it does not have a long battery life all the other feature compensate that demeritI would certainly recomend this phone to my friendsLow price with Great features.....I used lots of smartphone (Zenfone 2 Leaser, Redmi Prime 2,Lenovo Note 3, Micromax, Samsung etc.) but this phone is Best all of them.Amazing product.  No heating issue.  No hanging.  It workls awesom. Only problem is slow battery charge,  but it is good for battery life.  Really happy with the product. Also thank you amazon for such good and quick service.Pros: have some gud  user feautures like finger print,  doest take much time to unlock the phone,  display is gud,  have zoom in zoom out for mesaages,  doesnt stretch the wallpapers,  hd display,  light weight,  gud sound,  camera is gud,  have complete control to the user ui,  like transition effects,  worth the buy for 7000,  settings panel on top is neat and gud in minimal viewCons: themes really are not gud,  and icons are blurry,  even on update to hd icons doesnt show properly,  other than that ui is goodWould recommend fhe productThis phone is  a nice,bang for buck but still,,Coolpad please bring up something new and powerful..like a phone with helio x20..@nd 4gb ram..Bored of note 3 series...eagerly waiting for for coolpads upcoming products..I have been using smart phones for last 6 years used brands like Samsung,micromax,Nokia,lenovo,xolo all of them popular mobile brands.no one can catch coolpad,great phone awesome rear and front camera,its security features with smart control,long standby mode,multi tasking,great battery backup with 3 GB at this price money make this model unique feels like a premium phone while using the speakers and headphones are really good after more than a one month of use never felt any hang on this phone,you can close you eyes and bye this phone with out Amy hesitationPreviously I had given 4 stars but after today's v025 update..I can't stop myself ....this is the best phone...they had fixed all the issues in this update ..go buy itThis phone is awesome really..its works perfectly fine ..no lags ....very smooth phone ....its an amazing phone....but when its come to camera and picture quality I was little bit disappointed.... Overall awesome phone @7kPerforming well but back panel design seems ugly. Everything else works fine... cool...still it is working good.... i bought this phone before 2 month ago.. only once it was hanged , because, its battery is internal i faced so stress to restart it. i had to open my new mobile using screw driver and the unplug it from its internal battery after than it restarted...... overall its performance is good, battery backup is also good and the camera quality is also better.... finally if i except one experience then it is a nice phone u can go with it.Good phone in this price tag every thing working fine ,well featured, like direct go to call , music, double screen, OTG you can use mouse also, message enlargement,fingerprintNot a Great phone... The sensors are not accurate. The charging indicator led doesn't function as meant to be. The body has loose fitting & the screen touch too is not precise.Excellent mobile ,it was so useful , High class mobile at low priceI used this phone only 15 minutes it is to heat on back camera sideThis is an amazing phone and i bought this for mom. For this price, you won't get any other device with the same specs. The camera works great! The default camera app in-built really does the job well. Batter backup is amazing. 3GB RAM and fast processor ensures that the phone never lags and the performance never comes down even when running 20 apps in background!P.S. I checked the other critical reviews about this product where people are returning the phone because they don't understand how to use the camera app, I assure this is the best camera quality one can get in its class! Though i wish it had at least 4000MaH battery but even with the current battery capacity, it survives almost 2 days of wild usage!I found this product awesome. Touch is very good, Camera quality is very good and voice quality is also very good.  It has huge storage space (around 10 GB for user) and very good RAM (around 3 GB), which together make it very fast while surfing.  The only problem I am feeling is that all its icons (of various applications) have not been arranged alphabetically (as they are in all other phones), so I have to spend a lot of time to find any application.As I unlock this phone through finger print,,it directly opens camera everytime....It's really a headache,,I can't tolerate it.Plz give me a solution for this issue...Smartphone with smart features in this price range. Fringure print sensor is awesome, but the rear 13 mp camera is not at its best like mi or Samsung. Overall a smart buy...This phone iz not gaming devices us getting heat as all mob. Front camera iz nice fingers sncr wrkng well NYC touched never hang while using over all 100/100 in 7000 segmentCamera clarity is very bad...... it will not reach at least 5MP.Superb phone. No major issues. Battery lasts more than one full day with more than 12 hrs of 4g use. No lag or hang in the phone. High end games work smooth. A reasonable camera is provided. An eye appealing design is not present. Overall its the bedt phone for the price, but if u are willing to spend another 2k u can easily buy the note 3 which has much better features like octa core processor and a bunch of sensors with a 5.5" display.this is an awesome product nice headphone, brilliant camera,one of the best front camera,and the fingerprint sensor is 2 quick, lovely features absolute value for moneyI received on 2 feb. This mobile is killer n full paisa vasool mob. Touch is very smooth. All over mobile is very good. I love it. Thanks very much to coolpad..n amazonMultiple Issues -1. Poor Delivery Service: After booking the phone in sale started on 28th Jan...received the phone very late on 5th Feb.2. Issue with device:a) When I received the phone, the mobile data was not working properly. 3G service was working intermittently.b) There was heating problem with the device when I play any game.c) Rear Camera is not focusing correctly; pictures are usually blurred.d) The touch on the screen is lagging while playing games like temple Run. when game runs fast, unable to turn the character on turns.e) Phone is getting less mobile tower coverage whereas same SIM in other device at same location works fine.I have returned the device for replacement on 15th Feb. Waiting for new handset. It is still not shipped; It seems delivery will be late again as it was earlier. It is showing delivery by 22nd Feb.The only good thing is that it has lots of features in very low cost. but it seems the performance and quality testing of device is not done properly.First of all This Review is based on a week of usage and will update later with some photos and Battery Performance.Recieved it well within 3 days and Amazon delivery is the most trusted and reliable delivery there is.DisplayAt 5 inches it is too small to view movies and pictures at this device,  not saying it's not possible but at 5.5' it is much much better.  But a pro is that you get zero pixelation.>Touch is Smooth.>At 720p HD everything looks really clear.*No Gorilla Glass * But YouTube videos show that it will not crack or shatter at waist length falls.*Not Bezel - less as shown in pictures *CameraThe turning point for any phone is the camera these days and this coolpad lite is a mixed bag.Shoots Videos at 1080p and No lags at all.>Pictures at 13MP Are at 4:3 ratio so do keep it at that>HDR mode is awesome and use it for most of your clicks as it gives the best color reproduction possible. Only downside you need a stable hand.>Downside-It's front camera has this annoying habit of reducing quality when used with third party applications. Snapchat has good but slightly different pictures than the System Camera app.*Camera isn't supposed to change its resolution so drastically*Night photography needs a steady hand and some serious flash otherwise your pictures will be really dull and darkBut daytime photography is so beautiful and gorgeous and heavy at 4-6MB PER FILE making it a really deadly photo!!!BatteryThe battery will last you an entire day if used lightly for phone calls and basic 3G. THERE is no fast charge or efficient charge as claimed by many.  ITS only a software tweak that reduces battery charge time while compromising performance. Get a power bank if you plan to do heavy photography and Data intensive work as it will drain out within 4-6 Hours. I'm impressed but hold for a slight Bigger batteryPerformanceNo question this is the best phone at Multitasking.  Compared it with One plus x for the app switching task and I was SURPRISED that Coolpad Note LITE  is much better at memory management and makes full use of the 3GB RAM. software is very well tweaked and improved version of Android Lolipop 5.1 and is extremely light and useful.  Especially the double tap to wake up and glove mode For  using with gloves. I loved the COOL UiAt quad CORE Processor it's not very good for gaming or heavy apps and brings it down to the level of the Android One Phones but 3gb Ram Coupled with a decent amount of memory 16GB makes it INVINCIBLE.DISPLAY 9/10BATTERY 8/10GAMING 7/10CAMERA 7/10 (DAYTIME PHOTOGRAPHY-8/10)PERFORMANCE 8/10VALUE FOR MONEY 9/10OVER ALL 8/103 day usage :Overall a nice phone at this price, more or less met the expectations.Pros:> Not heating> Light weight> Good battery backup> Nice touch> Fingerprint sensor working perfectly> screen guard included> features (cool ui)Cons:> Display could have been better> Design is okay, but certainly slightly dated.> Camera quality is very poor both back and front (though I dont use much)I had received the phone on 1st Feb'16. Phone is simply awesome. UI is good and there is no lag.IPS display plays Full hd dts track movie without any glitch. Color reproduction is good. USB OTG checked with 64gb pendrive and working fine. Memory slot checked with 32gb microsd and working fine. Phone sound is quite good. Dual micro sim slot and 4g on sim1 only and there is no swap option.13MP Rear+5M Front gives good quality photo.( Night shoot photo attached)Impressive thing is fingerprint sensor,which takes little bit time for setup but never fails to unlock. I Tried nearly 60 times  to unlock the phone  with fingerprint and the sucessrate is 100%. It unlocks the phone in fraction of the second.About internal memory 10.6gb only available for the users out of 16gb.AnTuTu benchmark : 32290Non removable 2500mAh battery, quick charge option is available under battery settings.About battery backup , after 3 days usage I'm updating my review on 5th Feb'16. Battery charging taking more time nearly 3hrs (From 0% to 100%) with original 1Amp charger and quick charge mode. Battery last for a day upto to 15% with moderate usage ( 40min on call + 30 min FullHD video playback + 1.5hrs Internet usage + 20 min games play ).charging LED indicator on phone quite visible even  from distance.Final word , Without any more thought you can straight away buy this phone and this phone  will exceed your expectations in a positive manner in all aspects.I recived it on 9 april 2016Best phone at this range.Plz do not compare it with phone with 15k rangeGood storageGood looksGood touchGood speedFinger lock works perfectlyBut 4 stars because of battery and cameraIt dosent matter as phone just cost 7k and u can't have everything in that.Even it is good then 10k phonesJust go for it if u are looking to have phone under 10k.Mobile was really very pretty.,  no lag at all,No heating issue very accurate touch but the disadvantage was long charging times and low battery backup,  low camera quality, .But comparing to the price tag no other company can give these features..Even I played high end games but no lag that i found..Thanks to coolpad for such a phone..Go for it if your looking for a budget phone with high specificationsIts simply awsm.... Go for it... Forget ALL NEGATIVE REVIEWS... They are fake.. Its worth of all money that u spend... Cannot hv a better phone.. At this price.. Dont listen to ppl saying bad camera.. Its AMAZING !!! They think they wanna be photographers using a 7k mobile.. I didnt find any flaw.. Little heating i do accept.. But haven't applied latest update yet.. (It claims to improve many things).. U will love this phone.. Many reviews say black is bad white is good.. Its all fake.. Nothing like that.. Black is awsm.. (y) thanks a lot to amazon.. Speedy delivery :) ppl saying negative r like half glass empty.. Which is definitely not at all empty..Trust me im an engineer.. I bought it aftr grt hell of research.. And im more thn satisfied to buy it :)Wow !! What a phone.Camera quality is awesome.,.!!Touch sensitivity and Fingerprint Scanner is stunning fast.Really a worth purchase..I'm loving it !!Very very satisfied for the price I paid for.Phone is nice at this price. All the required Functions are available and also it's smooth in operation. It heats up at times. Battery backup is decent.It Doesn't Have some features but at this price its okayIn this price range it a good device. Even with new update of Cool UI heating problem is also solved.Camera is so so otherwise it a good device.Design looka good but camera quality is poor.Also product delivery was very bad, not expected from Amazon.2 minus for camera & delivery...The phone is a well built and has good quality plastic. The spec's are awesome. The fingerprint sensor works good. IT'S A STEAL FOR THIS PRICE POINT..Perfect phone at a price tag of 7k.Pros:1. Fingerprint sensor: It's just awesome, nothing much to say.2. Multitasking: with 3 gb RAM, you can play heavy games without any lag.3. Battery: 2500 mAh battey, last for a day(while using 3G internet whole day).4. Light weight and sleek.Cons: nothing as such, the only thing is that rear camera is not upto the mark. Many people may find the design not appealing. But for me looks do not have much importance, performance does.Summery: If you are searching for a budget phone, go for it.Great Phone with excellent features at this price range. I have gifted this phone to my brother and he too happy with it and facing no issue at all.I used this phone for about a month and it's ok what they promised..there were some issues but they are fixing with updates and I'm happy with that.It's more than  my expectations. It's working very nice. If u want speed functioning then u have to store apps and other in external Storing device.I love this phone in this price range specially finger print sensor. nice software, good built quality ,nice packaging.Overall it is good dealSpecs are really amazing for the pricedisplay is vibrant and viewing angle is awesome.camera is too good for the price both front and rear.(rear camera taking 4.15MB photo so photo quality is making brilliant )Touch is working very nice .Fast charging.Stylish premium looks.battery is also good .Fingerprint sensor working very fine , u can unlock pick up call using this(response time is very fast.)Multitasking is possible , u can use whatsapp and hike at a time or any two app u can useTruly an amazing phoneThis is a really good phone, ignore all the negative ratings, you cannot expect the best of quality at the given price tag! None the less it barely fails to deliver those expectations.Everything on the phone works well, however the only point the buyer needs to consider before making the purchase is charging time, it will take good 3-3.5 hours to charge from 0 to 100.Otherwise it is the best in its class in terms of Performance.I just hope that the charging time problem is rectifiable and the rectify it in near future in an OTA update.Very Very good phone at this price. Camera quality is very good, operating speed is also very good.sound clearity is also good. Nice budget phone.Waste ur money.. Important problem thats Mobile battery charging time 4 hrsin this range the product is vry good and easy to handle...speaker should be if front side rather than back side and battery must be 4500mah....Wwooooow excellent mobile  cemera awesome and battery also backup very well. Best rate best Mobile I'm using from 5 months. I'm fully satisfiedEverything is good and working properly like otg.3gb ram .multitasking .also good and battery back up in good  but 13pm camera is so so so badEnough of Fake Criticisms1:those people criticizing camera have forgotten that they have bought a rs.6999/- phone,and ther expecting Dslr like quality.2:BATTERY PROBLEM-  " SOLVED"  Steps:a)first of all drain your battery,and let it switch off itself. Try to get get it on many times so that it drains all its battery(min 20 times).- then put it to charging fully ti 100%..NOW U WILL SEE THE CHANGE IN YOUR BATTERY PERFORMANCE..  go to about phone->buid number->tap 7 times,it will bring your phone  to developer mode. Now -> go back,u'll see developer's options->open->scroll down->switch oFF all the options, window Animations scale,Transition scale,Animator duration scale.Now see the change in you battery and phone performance.Tips:: keep your brightness level as low as possible- if possible then dont let your phone discharge below 20% frequently.. I mean try to charge it whenever it reaches 20%..it will increase battery performance.If u see the changes,, then Mark it helpful.here is my review after using for 10 daysits a good phone, let me correct my self.....its a very good phoneram management is awesome,youll get around 2.3 gb of free ramprocessor is very good and play asphalt 8 and nova 3 in high graphics for hours without any lag.camera is good for day in night you have to touch focus for good imagesmy issue is it lags few times even after having 2gb or above ram free in it........i dont know why.battery is good,touch buttons are nlot backlite but that doesnt affect anyone.fingerprint sensor in this is awesome no problem with that,you can lockk any app,anything with that sensor.overall its awesome deal in 7000rsmy advice if you are a casual mobile phone youser go for it,or if your main purpose is to play games thats too good to buy.it play every game easlybut for compact user experience i wouyld suggest go for coolpad note 3 which cost 9000 thousand.also no heating issue in this phone....its a good phoneif value for money is to consider its 10/10This mobile is a great piece of art in the field of Mobile.@ Fingerprint works well.@ Screen is quite good and touch is responsive.@ Both the camers are good and after the 2nd update rear camera's performance became even better.@ Mobile is able to handle many tasks at a time with no lagging. About 1.5 to 1.9 gb ram is available every time.@ I'm not a gaming freak but still I played game like "Traffic Rider" smoothly.@ Now about storage- from 16gb about 10.8 gb was available at the time of start.@ Call quality is also awesome@Otg supported which means lots of music and movies can be carried anywhere without taking care of storage of the mobile.@ Battery is not up to mark. Original charger takes a lot of time to charge the mobile and so it is recommended to use a high power charger.@ Updates are really cool.@ Mobile interface is also good but with no app drawer.But,# It started to heat after 6-7 days of usage. Not too much heating, but still it heats near rear camera.But now it heats very little.* With the price tag, it's the best mobile.Coolpad note 3 Lite is for those who wants a beast in low price. They should buy it without wasting time.radiation is very high when ur doing any work with mobile it become into hot camera also 5mp resolution only it is not a coolpad its a hotpadGuys it is good phone but do not meet my expection.camera is less than 8 megapixel.battery drains fast.processing is good. Internet is good.battery  charging issue not happy with charging  as phone repeatedly Draining and Not charging  properly as Hard 10 % Charge in an Hour plusguys , i  really  share the experience with using this mobile .pros1. ram occupies less memory for sysyems(2.3 gb usable)2.4g speed is unbelievable.3.screen  is  good4.touch very soft5.less weight6.user interface is awosome7. fingerprint sensor works finecons1.charging time  takes 3 hrsNice phone. Camera  isn't up to the 5mp and 13mp.  Its camera is worst.  Charging time is 4.30 hours for full charge.  For 7000 its nice...Not bad... Network came  on one SIM  only... No dual  4G,, one sim 4G means other one is 2G only... Facing much problem in network coverageWorth  of money. Best  phone  at this price.  Finger print  sensor  working  well. Average  battery  backup. Overall  performance  is good.Awesome phone with all features with less prise. Don't miss it guys. U guys love it. Camera awesome. Normal  heating issues. Multi tasking. Very fast. Nice design.fast finger print sencer What else u want in 7k . Don't think. Just buy it.I have used this product for 15 days and found below Issues.1). Battery shows 1% after using it for few Hours.So when you plug in the charger it will show as charging but the it will show 1% only.When you switched it off then it will show 100%.So this conclude that the Battery performance is very Poor, or there is some issue with the software interface related to battery.2). It hangs while working and it will not respond.3). Intermittently there is no response from touch pad.4).Overheating while playing games(Used Candy crush and Pool).Hi,While use the phone in last one month, we identify some of problems in the cool pad lite 3 mobile.there is no option for delete the multiple MSG received from a single sender. while we are in call we unable to go the call register for dial another number while received calls recently. we are in call the mobile get heated. while i try to uninstall any apps from the phone its shows successfully uninstalled , but go and check the menu , those apps icons are avail.The camera is averageThe features are brilliant but just gives a little bit of noise during typingBut it is the best 7k smartphoneCamera quality not good . images not cleatNice phone I used it meets my requirementsAmazing phone.True value for money..I had purchased this phone in June. It comes with a charger, headphones, screen guard, warranty card, the handset and the guide. It comes with android lollipop preinstalled and works really smooth. 3 gb RAM gives a lot of advantage to this little wonder. Additionally 16 gb internal storage is too much to handle. Coming to the applications and how it works, I have no complaints about it. But there is some problem with the finger print scanner. The registered fingerprints get deleted on its own surprisingly. The camera is a sheer disappointment. Both, the rear and front. Resolution of the display is satisfactory. I am waiting for the marshmallow update for this phone. I hope it would fix the issues of fingerprints scanning. Otherwise the phone is a real gem in terms of storage and battery. Cherry on the cake is 4g support for both the something cards. What more could you expect from 7k phone.Camera quality is really bad the images are looking not fine4/5 RatingAmazon Delivered My Phone in 2days . But Packeging Is Not GoodPros :1: Good Display2. Ram Is Superb3. Fringer Print Scaner is Superb super fast3. Camera Is Nice not too good and  front is avarage4.Very Good Colour Of this phone {I like Black}5. Cool Ui Is good fast6.Good Looking and Slim And light weighted Cons:1. After Booted up / Power On the area of the Scaner near the camera is Too Damn Heatded2. Not Able to change the photo size or ratio3. in Night  The Photos are little YellowishBattery Backup : it takes about 2-3 Hour To fully Charge and after used  6-7 Hours its is now at 19%But Till Now I'm not facing any big issues on this  Black Varient .Just problem is Heating of the phonethis worth is the best phone iv ever used. apart from its low price, the other great things about the phone are that it has a good battery which lasts approx 12 on normal 3G internet and browsing. then the fingerprint scanner is just outatanding, its the head feature of the phone, it works with full accuracy. camera is alsp awesome. phone doesnt hang, its quite fast thanks to the 3GB RAM. all in all its a really amazing phone and worth buying.I am giving 4 star for this phone only for the performance.But there is a problem for my piece. that, My phone doesn't take my new Strontium Nitro 32 GB SD card, It says that "Unusual SD card". after this, the phone is going to heat. This is the problem I faced.So, I returned my product. But, actually I don't know, this is only for me. But the thing is that, All other features and all other specifications are very good and value for money.I am giving some ratings only on my point of view on the basis of the value for money.Camera: Front (9/10), Rear (7.5/10)Battery: Above average (approx.10% charge for 1 hours of screen on use) - (8/10)Sound :Good (9/10)Touch Sensitivity: (9.5/10)Fingerprint Sensor: Excellent(9.5/10)Charging time: upto 2.5 - 3  hours (7/10)Performance: Very good at this price range (9/10)Value for money: (If I don't face the problem above told) is (8.8/10)(I don't faced any heating issue other than the usual heating with respect to performance. Maximum temp will be upto 37 Degree celsius)The other Low features for this phone are these.1. No compass sensor. (It is a highly needed spec as my concern)2. Memory expandable only upto 32GB.3. The back case is not having much build quality as we expect.4. The Apps installed can't sort by name.All over, The phone is best for in this price range. (If any problems are not faced like me) :)review after using 5days......somebody said about heating issue...yes, there is heating issue but not so much specially at time calling phone get heated up.....camera not like 13megapixel and image becomes noisy at low light but at this price you won't get camera better than this. Phone performance is very very good, there is no lag. Battery backup is soo impressive but take longer time to get full charge. At the time of charging if you use the phone, it charged very slow. Display is good.Speaker's sound is very bad, it not produces clear sound. You will disappointed if you love to play music on speaker otherwise headphone's sound is good.The main disadvantage of the phone is vibration intensity very low. If you have phone in the pocket, you will not understand phone is vibrating or not and everytime you will miss the call.Review after 3 months......this phone is really good for normal uses. I didn't face any hanging problem till now. There is no gorilla glass but screen is so hard that my phone fell from 4ft height with force and many times dropped from my hand yet there is no crack on screen.Great Mobile under Budget of 10 K,I am using it for last 4 Days and checked with opening 28 App at the same time and thre is no Lag, Its like makkhanAwesome mobile with fast finger sensor, One single word for mobile is ExcellentPros :1) Excellent Display, touch, look wise also great2) Fingerprint sensor is very good and this is the USP of Cool PAD3) Back Camera is superior in day light, average in house front camera is awesome in daylight, as compare to price good deal4) Cool UI functions like multi-screen, c- button finds helpful.5) Best 5incher under 8k category6) No heating issues for my device7) Good grip, Awesome back cover, easy to use, easy to access single handle8) Great Speed with 3 GB ram and android 5.1 with latest updates9) Battery Back up is of one day with the use of 50 Mins call 4 Hrs of Wifi, Gaming..etcCons :Its take 3 hrs to charge full battery and inhouse camera quality but if lights are good then no problemConclusion:Very nice, Awesome, good looking and advanced phone in this price .worth to buy, value for money.I recomend this phone to evetry one who is planning to buy phone under 10KThe device is a perfect  at 5 inch easy to use .Got a ~70 mb update right away :)Phone feels very responsive never faced a noticable lag as such.Device heats up only with intensive usage ( games etc )Very good for daily usage I also own a nexus 4 and it feels quite better in terms of offering ( except for the build quality)both Cameras are very good for the price range :) ( in fact better than yureka )Finger print scanner works 99 of 100 times so no complain there .Cool ui feels smooth and very featuristic far better compared to cyanogen os running on you devices :)I would definitely recommend going for thisAlso one thing I wanted to caution is about the build quality its a little fragile for my liking and easy to get damaged so I would recommend having a good case before day to day usage :)Also thanks to amazon for delivering it the next day itself :) ( considering I was on standard delivery option )Its a quite good smart ph..  and its delivery is too good.. It has a heating problem  but its does not matter... It should  be updated  with  marshmalow os..Great phone handles all the task beautifully ..haven't tried heavy gaming.. only annoying thing I found was vibrantion while typing which u can't switch off..but problems was easily solved by downloading another keyboard from play store in my case go keyboard.. faced no heating problem.. camera is great In day light and average in low liteYesterday  I have received  my parcel.  Today two hours ago I opened  the phone,  insert the Sim but it didn't  started. Phone started but no display.  From front CAmera side there  is a touch problem .  When  I has put my hand on it... It works but when no pressure  blank screen... A new phone,  I have not yet even make a call.... Please replace  my set....... Hope immediate  action as usual  from your sideWORST....GET EXTRA WARM IN FEW MINUTESI odreded total three pieces, in that three mobiles i faced the same problem even though i replaced the product i got the same problemBuyed This Mobile 2 days Before...Mass Performance... 3GB Ram Awesome...Fingerprint Lock 0.5 sec accurate...Multitask Feature Superb..!But only One Drop Act Camera, It Looks Like A HDR Effective...And Some Minor Heating While 3G network over 2hrsBut Rate Wise This Mobile Double Enough..!>good ram management 2.2gb free on first use>good memory storage, roughly 11.5 gb free>good display, natural colors, good contrasts>good build, plastics but good hold in hand>acceptable camera performance however pro mode is better>good ui, better optimization & features>fast & accurate fingerprint sensor>good addons such as fingerprint applock,tap to wake,slow frame video, themes,etc>good gaming performance, 36300 on antutu benchmarks>seprate sim & sdcard slotsLow's>battery lasts barely a day,also pathetic slow charging taking 5 hours to full charge from 0 to 100%>gallery app missing, two separate apps photos & videos>good quality but medium sound level audio playback on speaker (itching sound on high volume on headphones)>basic headphonesGood Quality Camera.Fingerprint works Great And Very easy to unlock.Battery okDisplay Quality Bad.Good Features like long standby mode.A bit heating issue.Bad Quality Phone speaker.Good 3GB ram and Processor speed.But still i can't believe that how they just sent very Very Low Quality 50rs or 60rs worth Crappy Headphone.It's been 1 month or more since iam using coolpad note 3 lite.There are its pros and cons.Pros:Its been one month and the phone doesn't lag at all.The screen & camera quality hasn't changed.I ts awesome.Its tough,mark that.If you have installed a tampered or gorilla glass on it.It will be a lot durable. 2 weeks ago I accidentally dropped my coolpad from a floor . And it's barely a scratch.1 month old but music quality is new.Awesome looks.Never gets heat up too quickly.CONS:It can get heat up on high graphic game.I have played Coc on it for hours......and it heats up like hell!.Battery gets drained up faster when we are playing high graphic games.Thats all iam still looking for more cons.HOPE THIS HAS HELPED.BUT I PERSONALLY FEEL THIS IS THE RIGHT PHONE FOR YOU UNDER Rs.8000 .  THANK U !!!!Charging problem... I connect fon to charger but fon is continuing Darin battery... And vibration feedback is not good... Display quality is not good.. Camera is not good... Is feeling in hand a chainess fon... Battery backup is poor.... Bilkul mja ni aata chalane... Me......speed achi h hang vgera ni hota... Net acha chalta h..... Service center wali bhi problem hi h.. Khraab ho gya na thoda bhot v kuch to yaha aas pass koi service center h k ni... Or lagta ni ki ek baar service center jane k baad ye jaldi c wapis aa jaye ga kuul mila k... Micromax ya lenovo k mobile lelo 3gb ram me... Baki finger print scaner wala to vehm hi mobile aane se pele excitement thi.. Koi mja ni aata fingerprints scanner ka... Is se ache sidhe password laga lo vo badiya h... Koi benefits to h ni.. Scanner catch ni kia.. To maangna to password hi h or.. Scanner thik thaak chal ra hBest Phone for this Price Tag.Initially when I bought this in the evening, I have inserted my 32 GB SD Card, that is having 1050 videos, 986 documents, 500+ images, ....Note: I have not removed that SD Card properly from the previous Phone. I removed it without unmounting the SD Card while the phone is ON.Hence, the Coolpad was became slow and lagging. The SD card also not readingThen I thought to send back the phone. Nextday before sending it, I removed the SD Card and verified the performance of the Phone. It's perfect. So, I realize that the problem is with SD Card.Somebody told me to format my SD card. If I format, I will loose my huge data. Moreover the SD card is not reading.So, few times I inserted SD card and removed back and inserted again.At last it was reading but again phone was lagging and not opening many things. Then I scanned the SD card with the help of "Quick Heal Anitvirus (free Version)" from my Coolpad.After the scan is completed, SD card is reading perfectly, and my Coolpad Note 3 Lite became superfast.All my Videos and other files in SD card are intact and I am enjoying the Phone greatly.So, I recommend to use Quick Heal Antivirus (Free Version) for android phones.Only the drawback I found in my Coolpad Note 3 Lite is the back cover not fits perfectly. But, I also bought "Johra 9H HD+ Real Tempered Glass Screen Scratch Guard Protector For Coolpad Note 3 Lite"  and "JKOBI Soft Silicone TPU Jelly Transparent Crystal Clear Case Soft Back Case Cover For Coolpad Note 3 Lite (5.0 INCH)" which are perfectly fit to my screen and back case.So, everything is OK now with Coolpad Note 3 Lite for me.Don't go for it, if you have used better brand previously. Very Poor camera and while playing youtube battery will drain though it is plugged into charging socket. Completely dissapointed. and you have no option for refund, only replacement they provide. SO DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT. STRONGLY I AM AGAINST TO THIS PRODUCTThe Best phone in this category :Dont take ANY opinion till you update the phone . Once updated the Display , network , Heat and mosf importantly camera related issues will fade off .Camera - 5/5 you wont need youcam retrica or any App , the default camera is excellent with all features loaded.Connectivity - 4/5 Tested with a  Wifi , And 3 g sim comnection and found no lagsFeatures - custom Rom runs super smooth and fast with 24 apps running at the same timeAdditionally the custom rom has veryy nice shortcut widgets one can add regularly aps shortcuts to .Battery lasted more than a day after the update on moderate use of camera n apps with internet and gamesHavent tested the sound yet but a great phone here at this costYou cannot ask for more at this price range, really  good phone,  good camera, good speed,  finger print censor turns out to be great features, only 1 problem and that is it took nearly 3-4 hours to charge, sometimes more, otherwise its completely value for money. I m satisfied.its good for this price. but it has many minor bugs for eg. selection from dropdown menu is automatically forfieted by system. icon graphics not hd. setting -> user option has many bugs. new user not able to make call from here inspite of given permission from main user etcThere are some serious problem with the phone. I had ordered this phone and there were some charging problem, It was taking more than 6 HOURS to charge the phone.And the SCREEN COLOR ADJUSTMENT is really bad. Amazon replaced me new phone but the second one is also taking more than 4 hours to fully charge 2450 mAh battery. I think there is problem with these coolpad phone. And camerq performance is also not at that level. It is like 8MP performance when compared to xiaomi phone. Now THE SELLER CLOUDTAIL IS DENYING ME TO REFUND FOR THAT PHONE, THEY ARE READY TO REPLACE THE PHONE BUT There will be same problem. What can I do now? Do I replace the phone and again ask for the replacement for the charging qnd screen bad performace. I am trapped now. I dont want to keep this phone but they are denying the refund.I am Very happy with this Mobile... Look wise it is really awesome and fantastic...Camera is good in the day light and OK in the Night... In this Price (7k) the mobile is really worthy with all these features.. I bought it on 18th feb... I received this on 22nd... it heated when I watched the videos online for more than an hour... It happens with every phone now. I played all the games like subway surfers, Temple run, Candy crush.... There is no lag at all.  Full Hd Screen...Finger print locking system is also very gud... and really working well. Comfortable Size and affordable price...Finally I am extremely happy with my short experience... Looks are killing.... Memory wise it is vast.... Battery back up is also gud. It comes with Cool show launcher as it is really cool...100% worthy at its price....[Update 5-Apr-2016]Android Security Patch is still at Nov 2015. So it looks like the monthly security updates from Google aren't being propagated to users by Coolpad. I hope the company resolves it soon as the device is already missing the last 4 months of security updates increasing the risk for its users.[Update 1-Apr-2016]I noticed that when the battery hits 20%, we need to scamper and find the charger because it takes barely 10mins for it to completely die. I was chatting in WhatsApp and was planning to connect the charger after the conversation is over but the device finished the conversation for me.I haven't faced any issue to charge though - the battery went from 0% to 70% in 3 hrs.---- Initial Review ----I bought this phone on the 3-Mar flash sale. I was using Nexus 4 since about 3 years and wanted to get a new phone primarily because of lack of Dual Sim support in the N4.The first thing we notice in a phone is its display. This one disappoints there - the Black levels are pathetic. One of a few webpages that help in checking a display's Black levels had about 23 squares of varying Black levels and it was suggested that most displays start to show a difference only from level 7-9. This one showed a difference only from level 13-15. So anything below that is basically dark and indistinguishable.Everything on the screen is dark and shadowy. The colors also take a hit because of this.I guess this is probably a display calibration issue so it is unlikely this can be fixed in a firmware OTA update.My mom uses Le1s and my uncle has Redmi 2 Prime - both displays are far better. Ofcourse Le1s is costlier but Redmi 2 Prime sells for the same price so there's really no justification. Coolpad did a bad job with the display.If Amazon had a return policy, I would have seriously considered returning. Alas they only replace so not that useful. Speaking of which, a company that boasts of being the world's most customer-centric one has a no-return policy on mobiles. If it is a display issue like here, we wouldn't know unless we switch it on and look. In a physical store, you can insist on a demo piece and then decide. I have no goodwill left for Amazon anymore.Also I read in the Coolpad forums that only the Black variant of this device has this issue. So you might want to prefer the white one instead.CellularI put in both SIMs and things are well. My usage when it comes to calls is limited because I am hearing impaired and prefer chats/texts over voice. So I have not checked out all features of the dialer app. Voice clarity seems fine - there's also a toggle to switch on Hearing Aid compatibility but I didn't have to. I am able to hear the other party clear enough. In comparison I could never talk on my Nexus 4 without a headset. The voice was not at all clear and I had to use headset that sit over my hearing aids to be able to converse. Fortunately with this device I am better off so I am happy there.StorageThe phone comes with 16GB and I have around 8.5GB left after installing almost all of my required apps. I feel this phone has less bloatware than my Nexus 4 which comes with all Google apps, garbage included. This one does not have Google Calendar, Google+, Newsstand, News & Weather, Play Movies, Play Books, Play Music. I am thankful for that; those apps sit disabled in my Nexus 4 anyway.Amazon, Xploree (a keyboard I never heard of), Whatsapp are preinstalled - we can uninstall Whatsapp but not the other two. I disabled the Xploree. We can also move Whatsapp to SD card which is surprising since Whatsapp officially does not support that.I put in a 32GB microSD and set it as preferred location for storage and apps but nothing goes there yet. It is understandable since developers have to program their apps to be able to work from a removable storage location.OTGThis works well and all my USB flashdrives show up. My Lenovo wireless mouse shows up fine. As does my Logitech keyboard+mouse combo (I am typing this review using that keyboard).Battery seems fine to me - I charge the device every 30-36 hrs and it is better than my Nexus 4 which had to be charged almost every 24hrs. I do not play any games and am a light user. I probably browse the internet for 2-4 hrs a day.Bluetooth also works fine - no surprises there.Indic character supportI asked a question in Amazon's Q&A section of this mobile about this and I got the answer "No". That is incorrect - I sent a text from another mobile with popular language characters and they showed up fine in the default Messaging app. I put native characters for contact names and they show up fine too for call notifications, texts, etc.The 3GB RAM is nice to have although nothing I do requires more RAM. I was ok with my Nexus 4's performance too which has only 2GB. I noticed that webpages are snappier and some pages load instantly (mostly Indian news sites). App installs and updates also complete faster. More RAM is always preferable.Fingerprint sensorThis is a killer feature at this price. And I am very happy with it. Authentication by fingerprint is very reliable and fast enough. We can also lock apps so even if we unlocked the phone by fingerprint, loading the app will require re-authentication. It's nifty when you have to demo your mobile's features to others but also keep your privacy intact ;-)There are lot of customization options in this phone. I haven't checked out all of them yet. Things like changing the Font using the Cool Show seem useful although I haven't installed any font yet. Effects for the home screen swipe like Windmill, Cube, Inner Cube are also aplenty. Smart Control lets you define gestures to unlock the phone and also launch apps directly. There's also some C-button that people talk about in forums. I see it when I pull down the notification drawer and have not toggled it ON yet - I have no idea what it does or what it is capable of.Encryption is sadly missing - I access my work email and our policy dictates that the device be encrypted. Although the Outlook app showed the warning, the 'Encrypt' button was disabled (even after connecting the charger and battery being at almost 100%). I get the emails for now; probably until the next time Outlook checks adherence to policy and locks me out or removes the account.In conclusion, the display is the only issue in this phone. If not for that, I would have given this 5 stars.wowwww coolpad note 3 lite smartphone is best smartphone and front and rear camera is awesomeso i am very exited and happy with this phonei suggested to my all friend buy this mobileand specially thanks forAmazon is best shopping online and trusted-Got my phone on time by Amazon,thats really appreciable. -Talking about the phone one thing is that the phone is really tough, I dropped my phone accidentally from 3 feet on a hard floor but there is not a single scratch and it still runs smooth.-Looks of the phone is good and software runs without any problems but there are a lot of useless apps preinstalled by coolpad which takes system space and of course you can't uninstall that.-Fingerprint scanner is the prime attraction of this phone and it works perfect with more than 95% of accuracy.-Battery was one of the things about which I was concerned but battery backup is good enough and charging time is also fine as it is about 2.30 hours from 0-100Overall a good buy in this range .I bought this phone in February from amazon's sale..After using 20 days, i am now able to said that my choice was perfect..First of all,1-- The phone touch is awesome.. U can't expect such a good touch in this range..2-- No heating problem in my phone..3GB RAM works good.. I have installed approx 35 apps and playing 3 games per day,  but i don't feel any problem of heating..3-- Phone overall performance is very good.. i.e. No hanging problem even after using it upto 2.5 GB RAM4-- Fingerprint scanner works perfect and it can used for locking apps also..5-- Both sim is 4G and works good together.. Network capability is also good..6-- Battery backup is very good but battery charging time from 0%  to 100%  in appx. 4.5 hrs.7-- Biggest drawback of this phone is CAMERA..Camera quality is poor..One photo from this camera in room light is attached with this review for your reference..But i know in this range you can't get a good quality camera like sony, apple..8-- Internal only available appx. 8GB for use.. So you have to buy external SD card..In last i am completely satisfied  with this Rs. 7000 only phone..you can't get another Good phone in this range..its is a nice budget phone and surely osm :)idk why people are commenting about camera , its really good of high quality or i should say impeccable.It has got many new features.I think the prob wid the people is that they are afraid of accepting new thingsI havent got any single call or message at delivery time. I want to return the phone..i have too many problem with it like heating problems and charging problems (it take much time to charge). I suggest everyone not to buy this note3 lite phone.  U may buy coolpad note3.Just now I received Coolpad note 3 lite from cloudtail through Amazon. The camera of the mobile are totally waste clarity of the camera and display are very very very poor. Item description in the site totally opposite to reality. Pls don't purchase and waste our money.I like the mobile too much. According to me the numbers out of 5 are listed below ----SCREEN  4/5BATTERY  3.5/5RAM  5/5SOFTWARE.  4/5FRONT CAM.  5/5BACK CAM  3.5/5FINGER PRINT SENSOR.  5/5OTHER SENSORS  4/5DESIGNE.  4.5/5I am very disappointed with this phone. So many issues1. Heating a lot with after 5 min of use.2. Not able to charge the phone with original charger.3. Network issue on sim 1 i am not getting full network.Please see the screen shot of charging issues.This product gets hanged sometimes.  N responses very slow. When there is network connection error, the screen just freezes there. Please I want to return this product as soon as possible. Please help me in this regard.This phone is an excellent choice. I loved the camera, its superb. The phone is very fast, no lagging at all, most of the time more than 2gb free RAM. Battery runs one day easily with moderate usage. Dual micro Sim slot and separate slot for SD. Screen is bright. UI is good, it could have been more stylish. So far didn't feel any heat issue, generally Mediatek processors phones don't generate much heat. Earphone provided is a good one.This phone has created a big price challenge for all other competitors. This is the best priced available now in this configuration.This is my first smart phone... Camera is VERY  POOR... Otherwish this mobile very heat on the camera... But others always good... Price is low.. super lookwriting this review after 3 months of usageI think this is the most amazing budget phone,it has everything you want.the 3gb ram enough for daily work,the most amazing thing is finger print scanner, i am just loving it.it has a good display and  you can take decent quality of photos by both the camera,attaching camera samples so u can check it by yourself.those who are complaining about camera and display,please update your phone.Thanks to amazon for fast delivery and such an amazing product.Awesome phone for 7000rs....... Camera is really good infact, front camera is better than redmi note 3. Battery could have been a bit more. I mean around 3000 mah would have been even better. But it totally worth every pennythis product is not good camera quality is dullHello guys. This is the first time I'm giving any product a single star. I purchased this on 3 march 16 and got it on 8 mar 16. Well Iam facing a lot of problems.1. Its second sim slot is not at all working.2. Half of the times its recent menu button is not working.3. It took 2 hours + for initial booting.. That's awkward. I never saw any mobile taking that much of time for initial boot.4. Its PPI is 267 in Black color and 297ppi in champagne white. ( when I contacted customer service about this before buying, they said there is absolutely no change in specifications. Bit in practical there is a change)5. Front camera quality is just OK. Not good. Rear one is good.6. Its call list is not like all other mobiles. Its not showing the recent calls on top. Its showing the most used no. On top and rest of the order is not able describe.6. Phone is heating a little bit near camera module.Pros:-1. Its huge RAM. Too good for a budget phone.2. Its gaming performance.3. Finger print sensor works awesome.4. Battery performance is also OK. Last a day on moderate usage.5. Its C button, Multitasking, and long standby mode are awesome.I asked for a replacement of the product. Let's what happens with the new one.  3   :                            . : * Finger Print Sensor      .  5          .   (apps) unlock    . * 5 inch HD     Full HD   . 1080p video     . * multi window  split screen option    .            . * C - button option  cool ui   . *         . 2500 mah battery heavy usage     .   5 - 6   screen on time .     1   10% - 11%  . *    Docomo 2g    .   15 - 45 kbps  .     idea 4 g    5.7 Mbps   . * WiFi     . *    .       game   .    GPU  HD     . * 3 GB ram  1400 mb  2000 mb  free  . * MT 6735 quad core processor   hang  lag  . *   speaker    chilness  .    headset    . * coolshow app   theme  .  font change   option  . * camera   pro mode .   pro mode  brightness increase     . *   10.92 GB  32 GB  micro SD card   . * otg support . * Marshmallow update  . : *   display protection glass  . * charge    . 2 hours 30 minutes (approximate) *     camera  .       . (     )  * notification panel  colour  change  . ( MIUI   ) * 4g  WiFi   39 - 41    . (  31 - 35   )      .        .  ... - .    ()very good phone in all segments performance camera look display etcI have changed my review from 1 to 5 star , because coolpad has solved the only problem of fast discharging in their newest software update by optimizing LCD effect and other processes. If your budget is this much then it's undoubtedly the best to buy.Amazon Services: 5 stars for Amazon services. Initially got the phone with some screen touch issues... but thanks to Amazon's excellent customer services.. they quickly got my phone replaced.Coolpad Note 3 review:Have been using the phone since a couple of weeks now. So far it has been a good experience with the phone.- Finger scanning response is very quick & accurate.- The build quality is good & sturdy.- Performance is good for light operations/app. My usage isn't for heavy games & stuff.This product worth the price... Has all the best functions which would cost 3x for other brands like samsung or htc. I m just loving it.... Forcing everyone to buy it...I feel bad due to battery charging is not happening at least... not working at all.I knew that Amazon is best but I will agree if I satisfied with new original product.It has great features but poor quality in camera clarity since it has 13mp as well bad quality of  hand set and tempered glass. It got broken on 3rd day of buying.I have been shopping in amazon since one year.. As usual  they deliver the order as soon as possible. I got the mobile in one and half day... Thanks for the fast delivery amazon!!packing was also good.. I got the two updates when i first booted the mobile and i was asked to install it and i successfully done it... Mainly they are for camera, volte and thermal updates... Everthing is fine rightnow will do more review after some usage, lastly... Figerprint sensor is excellent and good amount of ram too.+ve:1) Camera is descent enough2) Finger print sensor is good-ve:1) It gets heated very much quite often (near camera and on the other side - You feel that heat on your ears !!2) Full Charge takes around 4-5 hours3) Battery backup is not good - discharges quickly4) Sometimes apps(specially dialer/contacts and message icons) does not open with one press (have to click several times)Overall not so happy with the product, don't recommend it !!Phone is good perform at low cost.Battery charging time at least 3 hours,Battery backup is not better but it is good,Overall phone is also goodAmazon is good but product is too bad Coolpad Note 3 Lite have overheating problem for Internet uses cool pad manufacturers  solve this problem  please thank youCamera quality is not good.But not worst.I didn't like preloaded cool ui so I downloaded Google now launcher it gives good experience. I recommend you to download it.Fingerprint feature is wonderful. You can calibrate upto 5.Another thing is this phone is very slim and handy.I liked it.Awesome smart phone is low priceDevise is very good to buyCamera is nice front and rear bothGreat Display and touchFingerprint scanner is fabulousGood grip,easy to use,easy to access single handlespeed is good with 3 gb ram and android 5.1very thanks to amazon for free and fast deliverythe phone looks awesome in white with golden ribbon at the edge.it is light weight.the finger print scanner works nicely.Navigation is awesome.One of the feature which i liked is the alaram. It plays daily different types of tones, songs from the memory card with super back ground.only the back camera picture quality is less. Front camera saturation is more.overall 10 times better and worthy than my previous mobile (redmi) except in camera.Pros:1.Awesome looks2.better grip3.good processor4.Best for selfies5.No heating problem which is a major problem in cheap phones6.Lots of hidden tricks to be explored..!!Cons:1.very bad speaker,too low volume (not a problem with headset)2.Takes approx 4-5 hours for full charging3.front Cam is much better than Primary Cam4.sometimes lags in multitaskingsOVERALL ITS SIMPLY AWESOME AND A MUST BUY PRODUCT!!!its an awesome mobile though there are some glithches* in cool ui but u cn always use other launchers* in camera section: color reproduction in low light condition is not upto the markNOTE: there is no texture in back in GLACIER WHITE color.. AND its white in color not greyish as it shown in this pageN in this price range u cannot complain about these thingsso five star from me.......++++ an update for MARSHMALLOW is in its way+++++.. so.. cheers.. :)3 GB RAM, 1280x720 display, 13 mega pixel back camera, very good front camera for selfie, 16 GB RAM, Quad Core processorMost important aspect is the finger print sensor. Pretty quick and accurate.What can you expect in 7K?I've being using this for almost a month and no issues as such.P.S. Did a replacement as the first piece which I had got hung and nothing was coming on the display. Happy I got a replacement although I had crossed 10 days time. Thank You Amazon!Best Phone in its price range.Close your eyes and go for it.Good : Finger print scanner, camera, looks, battery backup.Bad: Sometimes it doesn't even response to the soft square button to see the open apps etc,  Once you delete the app then other icons don't rearrange automatically  few Google contacts synch with phone contacts list however many of them don'tCoolpad note 3 lite ko 4 din Ke Use karne ke baad Main apna Experience share kar rha hu . Ho sakta hai Apko isse madad miley.Pros- 1.  Sabse pehla apko 3gb ram ke sath  16 gb internal storage milta hai. Jo ki apko multitasking me kafi madad karega.2. Heavy usage honey par bhi phone hang nhi krega. Chahe background me kitne bhi app open ho.3.Front aur rear camera dono Santosh janak hai. Jo ki iss price range me mere hisaab se kafi hai.4.Screen visblity kafi achhi h. Video dkhne me aur game khelne me aapko achha visual experience dega.5.fingerprint sensor achha response karta hai jo ki iss range me apko koi aur mobile nhi dene wala.5. Aur sabse achhi baat hai iska price range jo ki 7000 hai.Cons- 1. Battery charge hone me 3 se 3:30 ghnte lgg sktey hai jo ki jyada bada issue nhi h. Coolpad apko future me update deta rahega jisse apki ye problem kuch hadd tk kam ho jayegi.2.Hevay game khelne per thoda heat kr skta hai jo ki 10000 tk ke maximum phone me common hai.3. Battery theek thak backup deti hai jo ki regular use pe 10 se 12 aur kam use per 2din tk de skti hai.Conclusion- overaal dekha jaye to agar apka budget 7000-8000 hai to ye phone apje liye Present time me best hai. Aap lene ke baad 2,3 din isse jam ke ragad le taki apko iska performance pata chal kyuki amazon apko 10 din ka replacement warranty deta hai . Agar apke mobile me koi prblm aati hai jo ki Common nhi hai to aap isse replace kr sktey hai.I have bought this phone in the very first sale where I was hesitating to buy without reviews,.  Later on I found this as my best amazon product ever.  After 1 month of experience I'm reviewing this.Pros:Ultimate Camera quality with flashlightBest designBattery backup is very good(which i was hesitating before buying this product) - it lasts for minimum 1.5 days with regular use with internetNo hanging - Coolest RAM at this priceProcessor is awesomeSound speakers is also OkExcellent fingerprint scannerGood multi taskingEnough in built memoryGood touchscreenMost features are customizableLatest Android OS5 inch display comes in handyNo heating-its coolNormal good charging speedGood useful Cool U I updates reguarlyConsThe gold colour plating of the phone goes off earlyIt takes 2 second delay to open the apps at fast pace useSome spelling mistakes in the softwares while connecting to wifi,  and in other rarely used functionsThe screen guard that comes with this handset is poor,  we need to change it within a week.. But tempered glass works better for this.Overall its a nice,  affordable range and best product ever after comparing to all other phones at different leading websites at this range and also features. I suggest this phone not just for the price but quality and features.Thank you all.I hope you enjoy this product and hope to see many reviews and sales.Phone is good to use and handy. Sincere Thanks to Sharmaji Technical YouTube channel (Praval Sharma) for a fantastic review, so that I decided to buy this.I was using Moto G2 and loved the pure android. It was a sturdy phone with nice aesthetics.Comparing the Coolpad note 3 lite with moto, you will feel the lite build quality of this.Though you can't expect much from such a budget friendly phone.You need to be used to operating the UI. Got OTA update (~80MB) for overall features improvements and camera.Default keyboard provided needs to updated for performance improvement from Google play store. I am using Google Indic and Google keyboard though..Back cover is with embedded texture and gives better look to phone.Screen is HD and gives acceptable viewing angle experience. Played FHD videos without lagging.1.3 Ghz 4 core Processor and 3 GB RAM is fantastic and found no delays.. ( I am not at all a gaming lover). Sharing this on basis of multitasking experience. I got 1.9 GB RAM after 1st boot with appx. 15+ new apps downloaded from play store.Rear Camera needs improvement for both low and day light. Front camera is acceptable. Use Open camera/ Google camera for FHD video recordings.Though sceen protector is a part of box, get a toughen glass and flip cover / back cover for long life of your phone.100% accuracy of Finger print sensor. Enrollment process is easy. Upto 10 fingers can be enrolled.You can access any application at any point of time from C-button.Wifi signels sensing is powerful. Both sim support 4G ( not available to my state as on)2500mAh  battery is OK for a regular usage.Overall a satisfied experience after 3 days of usage. Needless to thank Amazon for best experience of shopping and shipping. Request to keep this phone for open sell.The mobile was excellent and it was running well.I am writing this review after using it for 6 days.The main features are:1.The camera quality is excellent both front and rear cameras are good.2.As it has a 3gb of ram and mediatek MT6735 quad core processor clocked at 1.3 Ghz and with a mali-T720MP2 Gpu, its performance was quite excellent.3.The display quality is decent.3.Talking about battery,it is good and lasts long and it has black and white mode to give long stand by.4.Mainly the FINGERPRINT SCANNER is superb and it unlocks the phone in a very little bit of time.5.There is no lag in the device while playing games and using it.6.It does not heat up easily and playing high end games like Asphlat 8,nova 3 etc for about an hour it is heating slightly but not more heat.The drawbacks are:1.It supports only 32 gb on expandable storage.For  those who want to store more data it is a little bit uncomfort.2.While upgrading the device it heats slightly more.3.It does not have backlight at the back and home buttons.Overall, it is a quite good mobile in this price range..Just go for it ..u will really love it.......!Its a worst phone its not a coolpad its a heatpadBest smartphone at this range, with this configuration.The only drawback I noticed, phone is heating comparatively faster than my other smartphones.All rounderhence did not know it had a non-removable battery. As a gift to sister it was;she is happy, for all I care. Thank you AmazonI have purchase a new coolpad note 3 lite and this product is as very poorly operating and mostly and biggest problem is as heated and botton is not a working and video recording is not supported and you will trying as many time to so cell is automatically offff (Raman gour)I Bought this Phone Couple of days Back. As promised by Amazon, I received it on next day from my booking with perfect pack. The Phone looks great and handy. As the name indicates, the phone exhibits lots of cool factors. When compared a 1080p video clip from My Samsung A7(FULL HD) and this one, I couldn't find any pixel difference. The phone is so fast, no lag while gaming. The UI is user friendly and it comes with pre installed apps.Pros :Finger print scannerFaster (3 GB RAM rocks)Battery (last for 1.5 days)Nice Display, Great viewing angles.Camera performs decentlight weightConsGet heated during Wifi/Mobile data but Cools down quicklyVerdict : The phone is awesome in look,peformace and specs for this money.You can't find a better phone that this in the market at this price.Excellent product .. Quality and features are Incomparable... No need to buy Samsung or other big brands for hefty price for similar features.Pros:Great design and comfortable gripExcellent fingerprint sensing capabilitiesGood batteryLag-free performanceGood sound on speakersThe clock and calendar apps in the home screen show the clock and date running in real time, a feature which is seen in the iPhonesAttractive themes and wallpapersAffordable priceCons:The display in the Note 3 Lite can be betterCamera could get a lot better in the low-lit areasNon-removable battery may be a turn-off for someNo video call support on Note 3 Lite too (even Coolpad Note 3 was deprived of this feature)In-ear headphones for music can be betterThe vibrate intensity for calls is extremely low, which can be annoying at times if you miss too many calls by placing the phone on silent modeSuperb build quality, best in looks & design, perfect combination of hardware and software. Best buy product in such a comparative price.PHONE GETTING TOO HOT DURING PLAY A GAME OR WATCH VIDEO, DURING CHARGING THE PHONE AND IF WE PLAYED A GAME OR IF WE OPEN ANY APPS LIKE FACEBOOK, WHTSAPP, VIDEO, GALLERY ETC THE PHONE IS DISCHARGED FAST THAN THE CHARGING,FINGER CENSOR NOT WORK PROPERLY 5 OR SIX TIME WE HAVE TO ENTER THE FINGER ON CENSOR THEN ITS WORKDURING USING OTG, PEN DRIVE AND MOBILE BOTH HEATING TOOI REALLY DIS APPOINTED FOR USING THIS HANDSETA good phone for mobile lover with 3gb ram and with finger print sensor.I hope it would be an amazing one at the lower price.Thank youCoolpad is a good phone at this price range with 3 GB RAM.. but there are problems too...Instructions that I would give to those who wish buy this phone.1. You can't add password as security.2.Can't clear your cache data which is main issue think coolpad will bring an update to solve this issue.3.Back cam doesn't feel like 13 MP4.It takes more time to get fully charged almost 5 hrs to be fully charged no great difference in fast charging mode too...but it's giving a good backup u will get for 1 day after all your heavy use.Fingerprint is also an amazing feature provided which senses in a fraction of a second.Front cam is goodOtherwise the phone is really amazing @ this price of 7000Using Coolpad Note 3 Lite (Black, 16GB) for past 1 week.Main concern - Batt. life.Overall: A Good set.Hi frns. I have ordered 2 of them. The only problem am facing with the phone is charging time. It's around 4 to 4.5 hrs get fully charged. No other problems. Most of the bugs are removed in latest v22 software update. Battery backup. It's lasts for a whole day. Am a heavy use. Playing asphalt, dead trigger and 2 hrs of min browsing and 2 hrs of YouTube streaming. Still it will have 20% charge at night. Am happy with the mobile. The only thing that has to be rectified is the charging time. My old Xiaomi Note Prime is taking only 3 hrs fully charge 3050mah battery. But for 2500mah battery this charging time is too unbearable. Please fix that un next update coolpad team. Thanks for a wonderful phn at such low price.Display- Liked! Lags- not yet. Heating issue- a bit while gaming but ok for me. Storage- Can handle lots of apps. RAM- Liked! Camer- as expected. Fingerprint sensor- charm of the device. Good performance, can sync everything well, and 4G compatibility is so good!But AMAZON, dont give your packages to be delivered to GATI COURIER. Such a bad service they have!!!Its a beast in this price range.Heng, light up down frequently very bad experience bettry charge time is too long it's phone Jane per afat but cemra is good.Nice phoneBattery avarageLooking goodJust heating prblmRear camera avarage.Front superb selfiesThe mobile was really superb,If fast charging option is presnt i wil give u 5 stars,I think so i got a defective piece it has some small bugs like mobile data was not getting on until restart the mobile,battery was excellent by using wifi or games,but using mobile data it was draining in 4 hours.And it was dont have the option(black list).Front camera was the best cam in the world.Awesome phone! I don't know why people are giving so bad reviews. It has got everything you would want in a phone. Best browsing experience, those who found it slow must check their net pack. Don't think just go for it!That is a great phone this pirce pointIts worth it at this price range. goodphone is good  but battery is taking too long time for charging  otherwise at  this price  phone is awesomeI got a defective one, which front cam cannot  be  working. Also there may be some software issues. So i placed a replacement for the order.  Purchased this phone with lot of expectation but i was totally  disappointed. Any way it was a nice phone with lots of specification and features. Expect the replaced phone will be a good and better one.............Its good but not the bestConsReally very bad camera quality (5mp of Nokia is better than this 13mp)Very slow chargingHeated up issueFingerprint scanner Is not that fastHang on normal uses (though got 3gb ram)If you want to buy it for fingerprint scanner go ahead as its the only one good in this price segmentMaina apna sim mobile me bhul gaya ho its most important for me plzzz help me and courier. Plzzzz help me. 8828619585call me plzzzAfter using 18 daysPros: Phone quality is looking good  Finger print sensor (90 % working)  Front Cam is Just okCons: Main drawback is battery charging- it is taking too much time(around 4 to 5 hours) to get full charge  Battery backup is not good.  Main Camera: 13 MP? I don't know whether it is 13 MP or 1.3 MP  Worst picture quality. Before I have Nokia Lumia 720 and it has 6.7 MP camera but the picture quality is at the best.  Phone gets heat on normal usage also  Lot of bugs in OS Need ImprovementGot the mobile on 4th april writing review after two day usage.....Nice look..Decent battery backup..Great finger print censor..Overall its a nice phone in its price segment except the rear camera quality is not good... otherwise its a compact phone with great features....Just go for it... if camera is not your priority....phone is ok and well performance in every manner but only one problem i have notice in this handset i.e charging problem , first it's doesn't charge fastly and also automatically battery percent will go down infact in charging .problem are like watching movies with charging but phone will not going to charge,, it will discharge  continuouslyAs name shows, it's a cool mobile. Touch is very smooth.Pros:1. Build quality2. Finger print sensor3. Looks and touch feel4. Battery back up5. EarphonesCons:Speaker outputOverall it's a very good package for 7000 bucks.Thanks to Amazon for such awesome product. Delivery was just in 46hrs.Nice phone in this price range. Display, RAM, Fingerprint sensor and other features are fine. I face no heating and hanging problem in last three days. Camera is not up to the mark for 13 MP but again in this price range you won't get very good camera. Battery backup is normal but it it's charging is slow.A must buy phone, if you are price conscious.using it for 4 months now.. newer had any problems... battery lasts 2 days with normal use.. (ie whataap + calls..  no gaming.) . very slippery..do buy a back  coverGood to buy 7000/ rs. @ pros 1.fingerprint scaner 2. 3gb ram 3.16 gb inbuilt memory (around 11 gb) 4.hd screen better look side angle 5. good battery backup 2500 mah  @ Cons 1. avarage camera quality feel look yellowish photos 2. lag to open application,dial pad,contact etc.,i think cool ui launcher problem. otherwise good phone for this budget.Cool fonePhone was good but camera quality was too bed of his rear camera front was ok. If you want a camera phone i suggest you don't buy it. this phone back camera according they told us 13 MP but its working like 3 MP Camera All over bad experience.I received my cpn3li8 it looks very cheap . my Meizu M2 4 months old look new compared to this phone . camera is very bad .  but running gr8 heats sometimes.Good mobile in all the aspects except camera quality little bit low.... heatiing while capturing videoDisplay quality is not good (CONTRAST AND BLACKIST HIGH).Heating issue when internet is on mode.Phone processing is goodFront camera is goodRear camera not working like that 13 MP cameraCamera pictures under dim light are not that much of clarity.Phone voice in public places is lowGood phone but heated again and again in a short time.It's disappointed me.otherwise it's a good phoneWhen i first received this product, i was so happy to see its performance. now i cant even use it for 10 minutes. some days before one software update came up and when i installied the update it could not be completed successfully. from that day my phone gets hanged till its battery is 0 percent. Anyone...I need help...give me some suggestionSpecifications at this price are unbelievable. But the camera app and camera is not up to the mark..note3 lite have average camera quality but gives great selfie in low light condtion..all other things are very good ...if you want great camera then this mobile is not for you otherwise it is the best mobile in this price range...Super mobile in low budget..... Thank you amazon and cool pad company....... I love this productUp to the specs provided by the company.  if it was metal cased then it would have been awesome.Great phone at this price. Fingerprint sensor work super . Battery back up is good but it takes more time to charge . Rear camera is good . 3 GB RAM is very large at this price. Play big game without hanging.got the product in just 2 days...so thank u amazon.now coming to d product-excellent budget smartphone. In just 7000 loads of features available.The best is fingerprint scanner its just the best.No lags at all.It has a heating problem with few minutes of internet and gameplay but that can be expected in this price rangePros: Camera quality is very good. Battery lasts for whole day for intense Surfing or it lasts for 2 days if used for only calls. Phone has never hanged since last 10days of use even with heavy games.Cons: it was good if the battery is removable. Looks are good but inndesign i dont like round edges, I like square edges.Getting  heat while chargingfor a sub 8k phone, it has an absolutely instant responsive fingerprint scanner.  it's kept at the back so you've to go thru the phone specs first to understand it.  but a great phone in that it's responsive to many game plays such as subway surfers, demolition racing, temple run etc.  a great phone for beginners.  loved it!It's Value for money device. You will get awesome features at lowest ever price. Fingerprint sensor gives fast responses & Meets expectations. 3GB RAM can be felt by doing quick multitasking. Camera quality for both Front & Back is superb. Selfie clicks produces sharp & crystal clear images with Natural colour reproduction.Product is good because of its price range. Coolpad has to improve their UI there is few bugs in UI like we can't clear cache., some time lags in dialar battery daring fast some time, not charging fast with 2 amp charger also. RAM is 3GB but its not giving feel of 3 GB. Overall mobile is good as per the price point of view.This is the worst phone ever. The only good thing about this phone is that it has a good touch sensor.Other than that, it has a heavy heating problem. The battery is worst. It doesn't charge properly.One of the worst phone one can possibly have. There are many great phones in the market.The speakers do not give clear sound. Poor quality. Camera is worse.PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE. IT IS WORST OF WORST.after upgrading to v022 the ph doesn't switch on... nt only on 1 device... same problem on many more devices..All the features of the phone is unbeatable and I can play multiple games in a single screen without lag and its best phone for gaming but when you play high graphic games the phone gets little hot and battery will drain when I play online game apart from that camera is good fingerprint is working as I expect ...Poor camera and battery back up.heating issue.network issue.Disappointed.I thik camera is worst it gives feeling VGA type camera and the screen color is too dark...Its an ok phone. The Cool UI is not that great, as it differs from your regular Android environment. The inbuilt memory and RAM is a plus. Wifi connectivity is better than YU phones. A big minus is that I doubt if it will ever be officially upgraded to MarshMallow. Amazon delivery & packaging was up to the mark.Serious bug is there...There no 'only 3G' or 'only 4G' selection option under cellular network option due to this, this mobile runs on 2G network most of time. No use of 3G even after you pay for 3G. Wrost 2G mobile in the name of 4G mobile..don't buy this room heater with calling facility.. Wrost camera..wifi is not conecting.Cool pad note3 lite i have purchased before 25days that the phone works simply super &  nice camera clarity &also game working the best graphics but after using 20minutes continuesily the gets very heated... So much heated after using half an hour.. Pls kindly give best performance & kindly solve heated problemEverything is fine. You get true value for money.Only one is bad is Battery life. It takes quite time to charge and it drains very fast. You need to charge your phone twice at least in a day or you need to carry power-bank. If they improve on Battery life by giving OTA update, then I will give it 5 stars.My 1 week review about coolpad note 3 lite -Everything is working good except the below1. Charging takes very long time to complete 3 to 4 hrs2. Screen quality isn't good3. Camera is below average.Big plus point Is its finger sensor. Works 100% perfectly.Battery stamina is really awesome however charging the phone from 0 to 100 is a messy process. (About 4 to 5 hrs)No heating issuesAwesome mobileNo difficulty faced till nowBattery could have been more betterAwesome  mobile  in this range.... PLENTY OF FEATURES. I loved it.. Thanks Lord Jesus....Awesome mobile in this price I like this mobile very much and the touch works like iPhoneVery bad item charger is not workingA handset with a real crisp screen, Coool features, great battery, good camera, less heating even while playing high end games and the most important thing got a lot of ram with a really cool UI that too with regular updates and that too in an affordable price........Who wouldn't want that???Just go for it before its out of stock!!!This review I am giving is after the usage of 1 week.......This phone is really cool. I received my coolpad handset yesterday, it was a sealed packed and every items were intact. Right now I am using the phone and it is really an awesome phone with all its features in this price segment.  JUST WANNA SAY........... ITS REALLY COOL PHONE.....LOVE  it....camera zero 2500 mah battery not that good  .........not worth 7000 spent some more bucks and go for another one ...........Sound quality is poor with speaker and also with headphone.average battery performance.camera quality is not like 13 MP and  5MP .charging time is also long. It takes around 4.:30hrs to 5hrs approx . one problem I observed that during charging if I use phone then battery perctange decrease.  below averageDont go behind Pro's and Con's, just purchase without any question if you are lucky in sale.Only one bug I have noticed is that when you want to share any contact through whats up, the search bar is not visible. Can anybody tried it and found any solution??? I am waiting to resolve this issue !!!!!good phone for the beginners but not for those who have high end usage b,coz when phone gets heatup it starts hanging and some apps doesn,t work.Camera is averagefingerprint is good and fastbattery backup is averageat the end phone is good for beginners at this price rangeCoolpad have 3gb ramPlus point inbuilt 16gbHd display good display camera quality better compared to yuphoriaFinger print sensor mobile in this price good optionLetv le1s bakvaas 2 mobile book from fliokart 1st finger print sensor not working and 2nd display have dotAmazon servicing and repacement policy i like very well, but this mobile does'nt saticified to me why because this mobile not supported vc files ,finger print sensor well,mobile heating very high in normal use also,touch resolution not saticified,,loud speaker volume not good,totally UI  not good,but i am telling about cemera very very nice in night mode also front and back both are awsome.10/10its a amazing Deal... tis mobile pone is easy and smart.... ant its fingureprint scanner is better then my old phonegood budget phone...great camera features and fingerprint scanner also working good..Coolpad Note 3 Lite is worth buying and good value for money.Excellent phone at 7k price range with all the features and the phone really looks good. Good batter backup, camera is decent, sound and video clarity is super. Fingerprint sensor is good and with multitasking at reasonable pace.AWESOMESome of the feature provided by this product was too good... like front camera, fingerprint sensor, charger, nd handfree.But some are too bad... like heating problemNd some feature were found only on net website but that was not in phone. Like accelerometer function is not in phone.Good======Phone is good for the priceGood performanceBad======This phone don't have good audio quality.If you use phone while charging then it will not charge and battery will get low.For full charge  it take too much time, more than 3 hour.Just great..Amazing build quality.Fingerprint sensor working very fine.Battery backup is good. It lasts for a day on moderate usage.camera has some noise in low light conditions, but using apps like camera360 and candycam helps you take decent pictures in low light conditions also.Features and Touch is great.Call and sound quality is great.For this price, it is a great device.Software update increases performance, so, do update.I will give 5 stars for this phone at this price range.I ORDERED THIS PHN ON BEHALF OF MY COLLEGUE. AS PER HIS RIVEW I WOULD SAY.. THERE IS NO OTHER COMPANY IS THERE TO COMPETE THIS PHONE. AS OER TE PRICE US CONCERN, THE SCREEN SIZE THE PROCESSOR ND RAM R ENOUGH. but camera is little bit let down. over all good phoneGood Product . But the battery really sucks! Takes very long charging time! Can't even operate the phone while charging, battery will normally get drained and  eventually the phone will shut down.Speaker and Camera is also not good. Beside the battery,camera &speaker  issues everything else is value for money type.And Yes the fingerprint sensor is well responsive.3 GB ram in 6999. Just go for it. It is  super fast.Finger print sensor is very good. I have lenevo vibe p1 and compare its finger print sensor with this phone. Try yourself and see the difference.This is best phone. Don't think twice and go for this.I have use this phone past  3 daysCharging nice in2500mh  3 1/2 hours in full chargeCamera front  & back  v. NiceDisplay also H D nicePhone working FasterBut finger scanner is troubleBut  overall phone isgood in budget .All over good but charging is slow from device charger. Front camera good but rear camera doesn't  seems like 13 mp, however it is average, no heating good battery backup. Updation of device is recommended before use. Amazon packaging wasn't good for first time.Superb, screen looking like 2k, camera is very good, performance is great, battery is unbelievable.., with my phn I am very happy, what i expeted like that.. (The akward thing is in this phone launcher, we can't sort by apps, A-z, please fix it to next update...Still need much improvement in display category.  Secondly vry scare approach towards customer complaint. No e-mail address, no direct approach to, means mobile no.for contact.. in short waistage of money and time in buying, without customer care reach.........CHARGING OF BATTERY IS VERY SLOW. SOME TIME BATTERY IS NOT CHARGED EVEN AFTER 10 HOURS OF CHARGING. BATTERY BACKUP IS ALSO VERY BAD. AFTER FULL CHARGE IN 12-15 HOURS, THE BATTERY IS DISCHARGE IN 12-15 HOURS. ALMOST TIME OF CHARGING AND TIME OF DISCHARGE IS SAMEIt is not up to the mark as per performance.Problems:Call disconnect.Not able to hear the voice properly.It is not responding fast enough as per 3GB RAM.It is not able to connect to 4G network, always it shows 3G only in Bangalore.Good Good but not enoughBut in this price range this is greatIt is really nice, camera, battery, storage, & eady to handle in low costcamera is fine, flexible to use, 3 GB ram is fast, latest mobile for a cheap rate........Not satisfied with the camera.  I bought this phone because it offers 13 MP camera in this price range.  The image quality is not that of a 13 MP.  Phone heats up fast with video recording.  Otherwise, the look, design, performance, etc. is good in my opinion.This phone is worth every penny you spent on it. I am not going into a detailed review but this phone is fast when compared to other phones in the same category. I have been using this phone since 1 month and I see no issues with it. Battery life is excellent.Coolpad note 3 lite is the best phone in this price range. Its fingerprint sensor is absolutely phenomenol. It doesn't lag at all and games work perfectly. Everything's perfect. But there's only problem that it heas up too much. Otherwise the phone is perfect.Very bad product, Signal quality is very poor, display is also bad, Camera doesn't looks like 13MP, Also battery quality is very bad.Please avoid this product and also waiting for return and refund since one week. Amazon says pick up guys stick.Amazon : As discussed Pls pick up and refund my money.Hi guyz,  seriouly this phone is amazing.  I m using this phon from last one month  and in this range it is osm phon with lotoff features  and cool looking. If i talk of its finger print scanner it response is vry well.  I just love this phon.  Thanx coolpad.Coolpad Note 3 Lite phone very smart and highly fingerprint worked, It is awesome phone and super specifications for low cost...(Smart Phone use panna theriyadhavanga inda phone vankadhinga ) in case any one get this phone.. dnt put ur bad reviews ok...First of all the delivery was nice, and I received it before time and if you will compare this phone with the price then its awesome! Who will give you finger scanner and 3 gb RAM in this price? Performance is pretty good, working with nice speed. Go for it..after 3 days of use , I can say this, this a very good and productive phone. the only problem is slow charging. which is very annoying. apart from that, this is a power packed phone. the cool ui does a great job and the fingerprint scanner works brilliantly.advertised having so many feature, but it is totally waste phone.Phone is good but screen is too dark and don't have video callingVery good smartphone under 7k.I recommend people to buy it.Using this mobile for over a week and this is my opinion :Basically U can buy this phone  by closing your eyes this smarty is a tough competition to all mobiles in this price range avaliable in India.+Points  over other smartphones  in this range :1.Enhanced 3GB Ram multitasks sleemlessly2.Sensitive Finger Print scanner3.Nice, simple & clean COOL Ui4.Smoother  touch.5.Auto screen brightness adjustment according  to surrounding  conditions.6.Lifetime COOL Ui updates. (Not base android updates)7.Smooth  textured back.8.Hefty internal storage (16Gigs of which 10.5 avaliable  for user).9.Good viewing angles & colour reproduction10.Sturdy, golden metal lining makes it look awesome.... & Many more-ve Points over other smartphones  :..... Nothing as such  experiencedConclusion :Overall  this is a steal deal in such a small price, buy it without any hesitationAll the things in phone are good but 1 thing is charging problem.....if u watch a video online and u put yur charger in....after that u see the main thing that phone charging but very slowly...it take lot of time to charge 100% battery.It's not as expected. Return once recd with fault and again having some issues.... I think to go with other brand is good option.... Functions are too many but hardly any use....consumes too much data and no data usage showing option...The Chinese are definitely all set to take on the world. This product is good specially with its finger print scanner and split screen features. The OS could have been little better considering the fact that MI is present in the market.not a good product camera is not good and its heating up after a few minsData connection problem with this phone. It is ok with wifi connection. But data connection only connects to EDGE service and downloading speed is in bytes only most of the time without any reason. So i suggest not to buy this product.It's good phone for this price. Was looking out for a phone for my Dad & the finger print sensor made it easy for him not to remember the passwords. That's a killer feature. Rest the phone is good, the speaker is a bit low for ringing.Awesome phone at this price...i am using it since 5 days & it has impressed me...it has awesome features...fingerprint sensor works very well...it is the best phone at this price range...it had falled once by me and nothing happened...Excellent product by COOL PADSome important Plus1. 3 GB - RAM2. 16- GB Internal memory3. 13 & 5 megal pixel camera (Front & Back)4. Finger print sensor screen5. at 7k price6. Stylish bodyHi,Product is very good as compare to price, but facing two minor issue..1. My OTG pendrive is not working.2. Display clock/weather widgets is not available.Other than the above everything is working fine.Received it in 3 days. Delivery guy didn't have a Swiping Machine, so had to pay in cash. That was disappointing.Product get warm a little otherwise works like a costlier phone.Looks and feel are really great.hangs once or twice but it was fine.The product is very nice and also Amazon packaging. I had replaced this product bcoz I got some technical issues with the device which I got.....but camera is not good as it should be...Although fingerprint scanner is superb....The way company is providing 3 gb ram and advance processor, It is very poor with the quality, charging is the biggest issue takes 5 hours to charge , battery drains down quickly as normal mobile, heating is the poor part of it ......Amazing phone for 7k. Very good performance. Battery backgup is good, doesn't drain out too fast. Speed is awsome. I would recommend this product to everyone 'coz 3GB RAM, 16 GB ROM with 2500 mAH for 7k is great. Truly value for moneyexcellent phone.i will recommend to purchase the same to others.in built battery. some time phone is too hot. otherwise it is okcoolpad note 3 lite is worth your money.i love it,thank u amazonVery worst cameraOK 3g not workingWorst mobile everI am truly saying phon is good bt not too good. finger print is nice bt camera is not good accoding to 13mega pixel. charging takes so long time.I am not satisfy with camera and audio quality of speaker is not good very bad. bt using headphone is nice.The phone is decent and i recomend every on to buy this phone who want a best phone under 7000 , 1 problem is that the phone takes 4 to 4.30 hours to full charge , this is the major problem but the best you can get on this priceNice phone in cheap price but heating problem is biggest problem in this mobileSensor heat very quick but that is not a serious problemAfter covering with its cover it heat lowBut the phone is very gud and fastI am facing problem with the note pad,initially there was problem in hearing the other person voice, then there were problems with in the apps. Now it has stop working. Pls contact. ThanksAnjali Vikas Gupta9810188405I've tried for purchasing this mobile so many times bt every time it was 100% claimed. Last week I'm successful in adding it to my cart. Mobile is recd. Before time. Mobile quality &  clarity is good. Thanks Amazon & Cloud Tail.Lovely phone but some problem with touch in phone rarely casedVery good in operating but somehow the battery backup is less.Awesome phone with awesome featuresFully satisfiedExcellent performance but it's taking too long time to charge.Awesome product and superb service by Amazon. ....thanks a lotsuper in lowest amount and all specifications and futures fineThis phone is more heating some times it reaches 50 centigradeSoftware and sound quality is poor, other features  are OK OK.The phone is good except the camera...camera quality is the worst...Before 6 days i bought and using it without any problem.evrything is good specialy fingerprint display and ram..but camera quality is disapointing..not happy with camera quality .its bellow avarage. Otherwise phone is very goodUsing for past more than a month.  Handles like peach.  No heating or hanging up problem.  Good battery.  Used upto rs. 12000 smart phones in last few years.  This one is best at this price range.  Very happy with coolpad lite.bought this fone as i had a note 3 earlier. but my expectations dried when i saw the poor clarity of display and camera. think b4 u buy.  better go for notepad 3.i also opted for returning but the logistics guy did not turn up.The phone which I received was not working properly it was having lots of problem in it. The most important thing the fingerprint sensor was not working at all and it was lacking also in the earlier stage nd I was amazedvery good phone and worth to buy but the amazon delivery is slow.Phone is amazing and there is no lags and touch is very smooth.there is no heating.camera quality is OK.It is a best deal under 7K.Super awesome phone for 7000rupee.. the only problem that I have observed are listed below1. USb tethering not working2. Battery drain when connected To charger and in.use. Battery charges only when the device is kept idle.Its a good enough phone for 7K.As soon as I received it (delivered in 4 days BTW) I put it through stress analysis. Phones usually hang when its internal memory gets filled and so I downloaded around 13.5 GB data into it apps and songs included. As I started activating these apps one by one the phone started heating up but it didn't hang. The fingerprint scanner increased the heating up by 50%. Temperature decreased as soon as I turned it off. Camera isnt great. Higher pixels doesnt necessarily give better picture qualities. The images have artificial colouring, same as the problem I had with Lenonvo phones. Speaker sound quality is good but its place behind, cant talk over the phone on the speaker as its not audible enough. multi tasking hasnt been a problem until now. So 3GB RAM and 1.3 GHz processor is effective.Over all: Fringerprint Scan and Camera is a let down. A decent phone for 7K. Ironocially named COOLPAD. Go for it if you are tight on budget.Great  feel by the first use of cool pad note 3 lite.I have using it for 3 days and an awesome  performance  by the device.  Thank you amazon fo delivered  within 5 days.>Good speed>Finger print sensor  is very accurate  and usefull>Best for multitalsking.not lag even for a second>Sound quality also good>The inbuilt launcher makes display poor. But after installing a good launcher it looks awesome and comparable with amoled displays of samsung>Battery life is just enough.charging  takea about 2.5 hrs since 1A charger  is provided  within the package>Little dissappoint while taking photos in night but not bad. But as far as the price is concern its better  one. Focussing photography is awesome.(sample included in photo)I recommend Coolpad note 3 lite in this price tagSuprb SmartphoneVery bad productNot so good,,,,,great smartphoneVery cheap mobile. Camera is not 13 megapixel.And camera quality is very bad.Not auto focusing function. And video quality is not good. It is fully wasting of money. Please don't buy this product. My no 9023055504I wander how people write wrong feed back with this product, i dared to buy this product after the review the product turned out to be the best.Be live it buy it, nothing better at its price. Its amazing!!The phone is very good,, in handling performance is good ,otg supported just some problem of heating at camera lenses occurred in my handset and back cover is not fitting correct,,and well some gap remains thereIts a very good phone at this price . But it heated so much at the fingerprint sensor area. And the front camera quality could have been better. But performance is very good. Battery backup is also quite good. .both stars for for sensor and camera ,otherwise it is not for any star .it have low sound quality ,many basic thing of bar phone is missing ,radio is bulls***. after  1 month i faces some problems with it also.Phone is good but camera is worst doesn't look like a 13 megapixle back camera.tried with other cam apps same results,slow motion capture does not work properly heats up while camera on.takes ages for charging.Ui is useless camera is shows like 8mp n design is not really goodOver all other things like ram internal storage is good and it fallen down from 24 inches then glass is brokenWorse of money on this brandoverall this phone is awesome, the touch and camera is incredible, n FP lock is best thing to use but only flaw i see is phone heating up while playing games.. hope they will come up with update to fix this..!!this product is good....good RAM , internal memory... etc..but it has heating problem like any thing... you can make omelet on it...camera is also ok types...conclusion: 2 stars..Value for moneyAwesome phone..Delivery s superb.... Finger print is awesum..... But d oly disadvantage is camera..... Especially rear camera is not at all clear.... N overall best buying for this low price.... Go for it.... Grab it....Phone is great by look and features but the only little disappointment is camera colours its little bit can be improved and it has a little bit heating issue but overall phone is great and must buy productI received this phone on February 2. The phone is looking very good. The features of the phone is very good as like described by Amazon. Camera is very good. But I am not satisfied with the battery backup.In this phone is ok  but, The  Febelo Branded Luxury Metal Bumper + Acrylic Mirror Back Cover Case or other covers only For Coolpad Note 3What about the another one (coolpad note 3 lite) pls show it..worst worst worst rear camera compare to front cam to much noise in images. charging problem and to much phone heating problem. i want to send back i received phone on 10.05.2016.  i want to send it back.Its a good smart phone at this rate, good looking, ram is working awesome no lagging even running 20apps at a time... but some where battery and camera are not satisfactory...Overall good product...no words just awesome..the best mobile in dis range hatrs maks famus..cam good bak cam 4mb each img frnt 1.2mb..display nice..sound not too good..finger scanner roks..worth buy..thnq amazon ,thnq coolpad,many people are complaining about this ppi..they are using cpu-z,but if u test ur phone with antutu benchmark test it is showing the correct ppisuper mobile...........ram is good but battery is poorBattery is so  poor ... Charging needs twice a day ...Glorious product with low price.  Good service amazon.Got the item on time. The issue I face is the heating issue when connected to internet using 3G network. In less than 10 minutes the device is hot around the camera area. Everything else seems fine.This phone is really good value for money..For budget buyers this is the best option that you can get. Phone runs very smoothly and fingerprint sensor,for which this phone is best known,works great.Not good,don't buy?hangs up and battery is not goodBest phone in it's category with 3 variants in screen sizes of Note 3 (5.5 inch), Note 3 Lite(5 inch), Note 3 Plus (6 inch) and all with 3GB RAM, dual sim, expandable memory and fingerprint sensor.The phone is a total win win. All features described are actually functional. Finger sensor is very responsive. Camera quality is at par with many other market leaders. The build is very ergonomic.The display quality is worst, pictures look reddish n brownish, camera quality is up to the mark., if you can compromise with the display quality then go for it., i liked only finger print scanner.I got my phone yesterday , the phone has tremendous camera and awesome Ui . it has a good opining sound while the 3gb ram gave a new experience if speed . thanks coolpad for making a awesome phone.Waste of this phone no charged it takes so much timeWhat's very problems this. This phone don't shoppingAmazing Phone. Thank you Cool-pad and amazing price.Very good in this price& very light weightIts  a great low budget phone. Iam fully  satisfied.It's a very good phone but sometime while playing multiplayer with others or ours Bluetooth or wifi hotspot it hangs some times and gives bad experience please fix it if any one knows the solutionGood phone!!!.....Heating issues only while playing heavy games, you can play moderate or low end games without any issues.Rest everything is good. Full featured mobile in Rs. 7000 worth it.It's really a good phone within this price segment.Battery backup is too good...and charging is also good.Camera quality ok.Fingerprint scanner working nicely.There is not much of heating problem.I cant expect much better phone than this in present scenario, my experience is really awesome. Only they improve battery , if they put 3000 mah battery in it. Than this phone is "Perfect"Nice and and not so costly ,,,easy to buy but got heated is the prob otherwise everything is going gd with this phone...thanx coolpad for bringing such cheap and multi functional phone ....love itThis phone is awesome, contains lot more than 7000. There is no lag and it's User Interface is nice as compared to the Google now UI. No heating problem.Overall the phone is more than worth.don't bad as enough. camera quality is like cartoon pic. need  improvement.. and amazon service is goodi got instant  replacement call within 3 minute. finerprinte lock didn't work sometimesCheap camera quality back and front both. If compare any other mobile of 16 mega pixel. Then you will know how cheap is this. Screen color is too bad. Pictures becane too red and yellow effected.i have used the product the camera is really nice and clear at this price range.Even the graphics is doing good while i played Asphalt 8 in this phone it did pretty descent.Battery is also good.true review.Is not fake.I have exprienced 10 mobileCoolpad note 3 lite, Nokia x, lanevo 700, lanevo k3 note, panasonic p55, coolpad dazen 1, mi prime 2, micromax express, micromax yuphoria, micromax note 2,etc...I am also confuse please help me. 15 day exprience of coolpad note 3 lite over all is good,camera and  bettary beckup also good but bettary  charge very slow full charge upto 5-6 hour and when the mobile in working condition just like gaming and youtube then the mobile not charge in this time mobile also discharge not mobile charge after the some time the mobile is switch off although the mobile phone plug in charger so i am  very confuse because i want to colpad note 3Very bad batteryOn charging after low batteryWorest battery life ever??? But phone is amazing...soon it is heating.......other than that it is goodBest value for money phone.Highly recommandedif u r buying this for a good camera..plzz don't.phone is quite good as per my expactations......like battery backup is osm,camera quality is really good , support almost all apps, size is good as for gaming.but heating problem is therePhone is pretty amazing...Just it got heat up while talking ( video call) over a Skype after like 30-35 mins.Apart from this heat up issue.. In 7k.....  a best phone in its segment.Great product from this price. Everything is fine.  Camera in daylight is xcellent.  In night,  it is not bad too.  Good touch.  Fingerprint is awesome.  If u need privacy,  jst Go for it guyzzthe only red marks are that the battery gets discharged pretty fast while gaming, the phone takes a while to charge and the phone get heated up too soon on medium to heavy usage.very poor quality of rear camera ,so much of yellow tint on this rear camera captured image,13 mp camera is very poor picture quality due to this camera quality priduct is totally wasteNOTE-worst experience with its wi-fi setting.proxy and port not remain saved.device will be a pefect one after eradicating this technical error.so solve this problem as soon as possible.Best buy at Rs.6999, but sound output is bad, fingerprint sensor is awesome, front cam is average, battery is also average, overall good looking and can opt if you are not heavy users.........First it's a Chinese mobile brand but indian manufacturing also a best performance mobile phoneAdvantages :  Speed  Sound quality( using headphones you get 5.1 sound quality)  Display(led) its like a hd led tv ( you will see the hd videos giving some distance eye to display(1m) you will get a real hd experience)  Size  Better looks  Easy root  Fingerprints locks ( we can using fingerprints attaining the calls )  PriceDisadvantages :  Camera below avg  Battery drain fast  Charging very slow (switch of mobile then charge your mobile it take too short time) just take 3and half hourLoudspeaker sound just normalphone is not upto what it mentions, camera is 13 mp but it seems like 3 mp/even phone body is too light like CHINA phoneand the most important phone "Gets too HOT"I have been using this product for almost 1week...and I have to say this product is really good...all the HD games I tried worked like charm....n the front camera is very good for selfies....Yes!  charging will take atleast 4-5 hrs to get full battery. Phones performance is OKAY! It will last for a day if u r  using WhatsApp, calls and some small games. Over all its a nice phone!battery issue....taking to much tome to be chargedVery excellent phone as per money value is concernNice phone, just plastic cover seems cheapo phone.The phone is best and the sensor is very exceelentBack camera not good yaar it's like a China camerainternet is not working on phone. hangs frequentlyGood, such a price,but heating of battery is high.Awesome phone. All things are good. Worth for 7000Phone kafi accha hai 2 din se use kiya, magar charging laga ke you tube or vedio or kutch bhi karte vakth charging up nahi hota hai or ulta charging point kam hote hai, or ek problam yah hai ki camera me photo lene time samne image ka bordar sab  silver ho raha hai, latter ka image lete vakth bhi later silver ho jata hai or vah latter mobile camara se nahi pad sakte , or problem 3rd yadi app only 3g network use karna chaho too 2g 3g combined hai , 3g network ko alag se nahi diya hai,Upar ki 2 problam ki vajah se mene mobile replacement pe hai , dusra aayega jub pata chalegaOur baki good hai,Our ek acchi baat hai ki isme samsung our lg ki system ko follow kiya haiWhen app shortcut icon remove from screen the app will uninstall from phone and no call blocking facility in call setting. So unwanted calls are irritating  us.And no specific menu in phone.Easy to hold and nice looking.3 GB ram does all the work. Phone does not lag at all. Runs apps and big game (like asphat 8,nova) smoothly. Good battery backup.But graphics quality is decent.if you can increase your budget go for coolpad note 3 i have bought both of themdoes not confuse with redmi 2 prime low light pics are better than it.great no. features.very good phoneSuperb smarphone with 3gb ram,No lag,light in weight,camera is awsome,excellent smarphone,display size is pretty owsum.coolpad giving fingerprint in just 7000 is damm owsum.Thank u coolpadAmazing masterpiece in this range. What I really love is just blazing fast finger touch to unlock phone bypassing the 3 traditional process of power button, sliding up and then pattern code.CoolPad NoteI Find SomeProblem1. When we Save Exciting Contact Noand2. We send Contact By Whats up or MsgThan Search Option is Not AvailableBefore buying it must see this video.I purchased coolpad note 3 lite and it has a serious problem. Its not occasionally, its regular, u hv to tap app icon multiple times to open app or u hv to wait for more than 5 seconds to app after taping its icon. And some times it reboots.Now think u hv to make call urgently and u hv go wait to dialer to be open.Must watch below video. I also hv posted it on coolpad India Facebook page and many more users facing the same problem. Dont buy until coolpad send any OTA update to fix the problem.[...]Its wifi sucks......Every time I try to save new proxy setting or port it doesn't saveCan any one tell me how to fix this problem or else I hav to replace this productThank God, I had bought the handset before 7th of Feb as mobile bought on Amazon w.e.f 7th of Feb cannot be returned. The handset has some serious issues.1) Takes almost 4 hours to charge2) While charging if you use the handset for 10 minutes it won't charge then rather it discharges.3) Cool UI is pretty limited as it lacks a number of basic features for example there is no option of call blocking or sms blocking and many more (full of bugs).4) Camera quality is not upto mark.5) Heats like hell.6) I'll never be buying any mobile that has mediatek processor as not only it reduces price but also make you compromise in a lot of things.Everything is okay, except few things like Yahoo account unable to setup through apps and facebook app is giving connection time out error while browsing and instead of having full network.battery performance is not good camera quaity is good , network 3g & 4g signal is week in front of mobile tower also, when payling game or suffering internet in back camera side is heating.Nice phone with some good features but the big turnoff is the charging time of over 3 hours in the phone, hope it gets rectified soon as it is one of the key things we look in a smartphone.The product was camera is not good and the speed is ok and battery is 7 hours of continuesly using the phone  but internet was very slowly  working  there is  most problem on these phone...Awesome!!! its budget mobile.its really good and it looks like apple becauseits a golden rim......all things good right now.i got this mobile feb 2 16 at evening.Camera quality was very poor as per discription and display alsoIt worst colour PPI not HD displayThis device is not so much app friendlyBad one experienceIt was awesome in this price range. Battery backup is good but taking more time during charging. Camara quality not up to the mark but still good. Can operate single handedly very easy.Light weight and best in the low price category.Good phone, probably the best phone of its priceWorth of its cost, but charging time takes more.Excellent mobile.... Awesome look with good features in reasonable price... Very satisfy with the delivery by amazon...if ur thinking of buying an android phone In under 7000 go for itAwesome phoneBit lower volumeUI occasionally feels cheap, not as polished as MIUI or eui but decent enoughDecent cameraCall quality goodFeels good in handGood mobileI am satisfied with the mobile but for protection of the mobile.  I shelled  another 550rs. Which is dissapointing as the manufacturer doesnt provide protective cover.worst camera performance,  playing games continuoes for 10 mins the phone start heated and bad looks and designs.  i request not to take this phone to everyone....Thank but one problem bettry not removed phoneCamera quality is very bad so refund the moneyBattery not charging so much problem on mobilePoor camera and bad battery life totally wasteReally good phone but Over heating is an issueBattery back up is bad. Loud speaker not good.Good value for money. Great product by coolpadBest mobile below 10000 i have seen till date.phone is good at this price point and amazing response of finger scanner at this price,but screen some time looks yellowish ,wifi signel is also little slow,call quality is goodbest best best best very best mobile for this price tag in the earth seriously i used more than 3 month but no issued iface till now heads off coolpad makers to bring this phoneit was very gd done but the Amazon packing is not so good frnt camera was awsm but rear not satisfied me new function earfone nd screengrd also in a box nd non removed able btryCharging time is very high, and its gets discharge within few hours .front can is not up to the mark.fingerprint sensor is awesome .its working 100% withing sec lock gets openedBattery take 3 hour to total charge..and app are slowly open when click on icon..then overall performance fine..but Its irritated that battery can take 3 hour to fully charged..This phone has two serious problem. First, the camera quality is not at all good even after installing updates and all. Secondly, the charge time is too long.Very good mobile with this price. 100% OK good product, but only 1 thing battery is not removable that's the problem with this mobile. Anther things too good.Nice budget phone from coolpad1)nice processor2)nice display3) decent battery4)nice ram management5)poor 13 mp camera6) front camera is goodThe pro camera is very osm of this phoneBattery -good upto 7_hrs of gnrl useDo not heat up in gnrl useRAM processor everythng is very good in this price rangeThis product was not up to my expectation.In 2nd month only many problems arouseLike battery backup, network related andNow I m not able to switch on my phonePhone performs good in overall sector expect charging time. It took 3 h 30 min. approx to charge from 0% to 100%. Except this drawback it is good package in this price segment.I bought 3 in ask three phase what a phone really it serve more then expect worth buy.. Happy to use stunning performance like Apple. Touch Id is more responsive then Apple 6s.Guyssss....don't go to buy this....bcoz its name was just coolpad but that was toatly a shame phone it was litrrly be very hot within 15-20 mints..just west of time & money tooVery good experience with cool pad lite note,  less price with high level instrument. In past i have experienced with many android phone,  but this was amazing with less price.Amazing phone with great features. There can be some areas of improvement around the screen visibility in sun light and customized these. Other wise - Its a great budget phone.ON THIS PRICE RANGE I AM SATISFIED ...GOOD FIGURE PRINT SENSOR AND SCREEN QUALITY CAMERA IS LITTLE BIT LOW QUALITY BUT IT IS OK FOR THIS PRICE RANGE .........AWSM PRODUCTGood quality item.display good.some times heating .battery good. Typing keyboard bad.launcher not bad.no lagging.Ring sound OK.touch good. Overall low price high quality mobileThis product has a very bad camera. The quality of this camera is disgusting.Photos are getting black.No use of this phone if you are going for photos.One of the greatest mobile .highlighted thing in coolpad note 3 lite is fingerprint sensor .it is very fast .no one can give these such things at price 7000rs.I'm very happy .Best phone with price tag of RS 7000... but main problem is charging. It's charging speed is very low and takes a lot of time. Speaker quality is low.3 GB RAM works very well.Excellent phone under the budget of 7000rs..camera is average not like 13mp but u can't expect  more in this budget. Great delivery  by Amazon with in 2 days i got  the phone.It's an awesome mobile phone. I m lovinn it . itz camera quality is also good if u r finding a good phone at low price n good security settings then u r at d right place :-)..1) While charging I use this mobile then battery continuously discharging.2) Back camera is not too good as 13 mp camera should be.3) It take long time to charge .Bought 1 month back Good mobile at very low price... with many features.... cam quality is satisfactory. Am happy  with performance... only bug is screen setting preference...Disappointed with the mobile phone. Stopped working after use of 1 month. No service centre support found. Throwing the phone in dustbin. Very bad experience. Not recommended.Mobile as functions as described. Value for money, good for general use. Use with screen protector. UI doesn't have customisations. No anti virus or cleaner software included.Lot of features and helped to blind peoples and usage is very much happy only disadvantage is battery life is one day only remaining r very exciting and Thank Amazon & coolpadAll features are good, but cannot be match expectations in matter with camera. Totally unsatisfied with camera experience. And features usage wise phone is good in this price.Yesterday I got it its awesome product under 7000 Excellent performance Battery backup is good ,sound quality ,Fingerprint sensor great feature at this price thanks coolpad :)Awesome phone with superb looks and quality. Only issue is the battery. It drains before 24hrs. Rest everything is just perfect and at this pricepoint its a total killer. video sound is low plz tell me enhance methodCamera clarity very bad and display also dullBack camera is very bad speacialy in nightChaina operating system ...not good at allIt's a great mobile for this price range..Coolpad note 3 lite is a good mobile. Specification very good especially finger print sensor, camera 13mb, 3 GB ram. so cool pad is a very good budjet mobile.......It was over heating. Some times ringtone wasn't working. Every time you updated application u have to move again application to memory card.iam not at all satisfied with cool pad.Ghatiya phone, not rechargeing properly, gets switch off automatically. Touch is also slow and it hangs a lot.Good for nothingVery bad phone.camera is very poor.13mp but Camera quality is very badI bought it few days agoIt is awesome in use. Battery is good but charging time is high compare to other phone.Overall the is best in this price range.Awesome mobile, great battery life , excellent performance and have a decent camera. The last but not the least it have probably be he fastest fingerprint sensor !Writing this review  after using 3 weeks. Camera quality of both the cameras are superb. Battery backup is good. I m very happy with dis phone & delivery by amazonBest phone under 7kEven my friend HTC 816  was no match for coolpad note 3 lite !Seriously its that awesome !Waiting for coolpad flagship killer!Camera quality is not good as described on site and features. Camera quality is very bad. Ear phone is too not good. Charging back up and charging is too very bad.the phone has a very good picture quality,camera z far good & itz fingerprint sensor mk it difrnt frm other android phones.Nice phone within this affordable range.Superb phone with fingerprint scanner. Excellent fitchures  at this  price point .  Multi touch,  multi tasking,  must buy product. Camera is good. Worth for moneyMy second sim slot  its not accessing the sim card math I know the reason for this please gives me some suggestions that if requires any change in the settings ...Excellent.. Paisa vasool....Prons: fingerprint sensor, RAM, Rom, cameraCons: only 1amp charger, after update heating problem started (goes upto 42deg).The Phone performance is really good with the rear camera having an excellent clarity.  This is definitely one of the best phones at this price point in the marketVery nice device. Amazing speed (no wonder 3gb speed). Camera quality also good even low light. Front camera also not bad. Nice looking.Good value for money.It is very good.is front camera is very good.you can't remove its battery. It is inbuilt.it display is good.It finger sencer work perfectly. U can buy this phone.Very  Good phone  but camera  quality okDon't buy, poor camera, heating problem.The phone has poor display and bad camera. The software is not great, so is the battery. Instead go for lenovo a6000 plus. A better phone in the same segment.everything is fine except battery. The battery was running down too fast. so i'm disappointed with the poor charging. Except that everything is well and good.Camera very poor.. nd vibration of phone is not working ... after some time but finger print scanner work very awsum nd looks of phone are also very brilliantTaking too much time to charge .Also when ur playing games in it ,the battery goes down quickly .Rest the product is good but plzz improve the charging time .This phone have very nice performance except for gaming  when we tried to play games it is going heat but battery backup is awsome camera quality is very nicePhone is good>>>>>>Its getting heat when you play a game or use internet for some time.Apart from that everything is good.It's not working properly heated my mobile and not coming audio out side it's turned off when it s in heat now not started the quality is vvvvvvv bad for thisVideos are not playing perfectly its a time lag between audio and videos,quite audible ringtones .Finger print sensor is awesome.Dabba phoneDisplay quality is very very poor. I will give zero star to display quality. I want to return it but time is over according amazon policy.Amazon always serves good productsA nice phone at an adorable and reasonable pricevery handy device..!! Nice to use and is very good in working7000 ki range me bahut hi saandaar phone haibattery fast charging hoti tome  deta thabattery charj hone me lagbhg 3 gante lagte haiIn 15 days..It is not working....Mobile phone in this price is very goodNot Good... Very low Signals Strength..worst battery backup and charging speedKing of his range....worth for my moneyawesome phonebut gets heated soonBest phon.....Beter then letv....Good but hetting problem this productIts too bad worest phone which ivtookGreat product with great price range.Amazing phone...... No problem at allCoolpad note 3lite display is not gudIts best one smartphone on that pricevery good mobile phone in this price.superb phone at unbelievable price...Awesome phone! Exceeded expectations!it is good product at reasonable costThis is great phone. value for money.Awesome never ever seen at this priceI am useing this phone wef mar 20 yr 16 and having bed experience due to over heating problem even after normal useI have faced some problems in this mobile,suddenly drain battery,over heating around the camera and hanging problemProduct is good in price and usage but the phone is getting heat while charging and browsing net. Is it normal for this phone or any problem wit it.Very finger print sensor security phone with very good specification. But it is not 3GB RAM phone. It hang frequently. It doesn't meet as specified.The coolpad note 3 lite has a problem in unlocking through pattern lock once it gets unlocked but mostly it does not unlock. I'm facing this problemMobile is over heating problem during data  usage and even making call after 5min.  Heat is from processor area.  Iam unsatisfactory with this modeljust one word awesome.. got delivered within one day after the product was delivered.. There was hanging issue.. Phone started to hang and restart when i inserted 32gb micro sd. It worked really fine with 16gb. There is no heating issue.. Awesome design and premium looks..Good crisp display.. Awesome battery back up.. battery did not drain unnecessarily unless heaivly used. total value for moneyHi friends,If you  are new to this smart phones, then u go with this phone.They are showing these much pixel  cam but it only for digits not in quality.Phone working all are fine.  But it is taking too much time to charge 100%But Now I get a Update On this phone it will put phone pretty Nice.CAM And Heat get Control.I hope some more Updates Will come and And Resolve All the Problems.Then This Phone Will Rock. In Future Days.Just Now I get information about this.it will update Next version of android in this month (April 2016).It is also some + for customers..U must check  once before buying this phone. All reviews.Thank youI have purchase from you. Coolpad mobile. Its not working properly. It has network problem . And it has hanging problem ..please take bake this phnNot a good phone. Look is Ok. But performance is not up to the mark. A big heating issue with this phone.Will not recommend to any one.Battery backup was too goodPrimary camere was worst there is no quality but secondary camere i.e selfiee :) is perfectLooking very niceits worth to buy.i use this handset from a week.its work satisfactory.rear camera not good,take so much time to focus the image and not as per 13mpMusic player doesn't work  properly...I don't know are all phone seems it? but also I am facing this problem.....very slow chargingwi fi with proxy not working and some small bugs.all others working perfectlythis phone is utter waste of money pls pls pls don't ever buy this phone i have purchased it on mar 25,2016 after one month it started to show of his duties like hanging heating which means more than 45 degree battery drains too fast all apps are showing google photos is n't responding like every apps started to am frustated with phone just pls help me to change it off or do something amazon its a kind request or other wise don't sell it on ur sitePlease do not buy this phone. Poor display quality, very poor camera clarity, camera quality is like VGA camera. And battery died within 2 months.Battery Life AwesomeCamera Quality is average...Super Designfingerprint is MarvelessScreen Recording option is Great... :)Its an amazing phone . Heats up a little with excessive use, like heavy gaming. Fingerprint sensor is fast and phone does lag at all. It worth 7k.Really very worst phone Don't buy itits amazing and i like it so much :)Nice Features, 1 month old no issuesGood Phone No Problem Till 12 MonthsThis phone is better than this cost.Good phone. Nice UI and performance.I had high hopes with this mobile, but this actually disappointed me on few points. RAM is good, battery and camera are okay, but the screen display is highly disappointing. After lots and lots of effort and change in settings, what I am getting is a highly saturated and contrasted display. On this mobile all the pics looks like they have been over-poured with dark colors. So, if you are ordering this mobile, then keep your hopes realistic.At 7K.. This is it!Awesome phone with awesome features. Fully Satisfied.Kirpya yah mobile na kharide qki iski battery problem hai, march 2016 me purchased kiya tha abhi kuchh dino tak bilkul theek chal raha tha mgr abhi usme hang hone our battery charging ki bahut badi problems hai. ..9650182642 my contact no. Dusri baat delhi me iski service center problem bhi hai. May bahut dukhi hu yah mobile le kar...Thanks for amazon for deliver the product in specified time u mentioned and coming to product it was really awesome mainly the fingerprint was really great it was just opening in just less an a second it was ultimate security option for this phone and coming to overall performance was really good and as it was given 3gb ram and battery performance was also good maintaining stable. For that price it is worth of buying it with out thinkingamazing,its super unbelievable features  dont think first get it ,buy it and enjoy never comes this chance thanks to amazon thankyou sirIts a masterpiece.  Touch is properly responsive,  and fingerprint function works reslly nice.  Above all its made in India. In short I love it.I give 4 star because the smartphone heat little bit ..coolpad is really nice at price 6999 I am satisfied with this but problem is only heatingNice phone, you will also love this phone.Less PriceMore FeaturesBattery good(1 day)no heat problemphone size goodAmazing product at affordable price.Good experience from this product.But having issue of delivering the product because of late delivery.i am using 1 month of this product i have not found any problem without in battery charging time 3.30 hour regurlar charging and heating problemexcellent phone under 7k.Good camera, excellent performance, long battery life, multitasking is smartThanku amazon for fast deliveryIst of all i would like to thank amazon for its timely delivery.. N 2nd i would describe this ph in jus single  word n dat is superbbbbb... Even a phone of rs 18000-20000 cant be so gud.. Camera touch battery backup performance all is superbbbbbb... I am using android phones since 2012 n in dis 3-4 years hv chng a lot of phones but dis is baaaaaaap of alll... Superbbbbbb go for it without a minute waste.... Luv u amazon luv u coolpad...Considering the price and feature it is a good deal.There are many pros: fingerprint scanner, 3 gb ram, compact design, good picture quality in daylight, does not get heated in long conversation etc.. Check the spec for details. I just mentioned the few I liked most.Cons: I feel there is scope for improvement in call quality and signal strength. Saw occasional lag when touched contacts by switching from games or other apps.I had V bad exp with the box pc.  Mobile was not getting booted and we had several trials.  Then unfortunately we have to request Amazon for replacement.  Thanks to Amazon for immediate pickup and process for replacement.  Hoping the replacement mob should be a good one. I must give 0 stars to Coolpad for packing detective piece.Good interface, nice features, but the phone gets very hot very easily. There is no default file manager provided, you need to install one.Im  happy with this lookwise it is super. If any one planning to buy this phone no doubt go for it.Good specs and very smooth to use.Very good one.coolpad note 3 lite is good fone.camera is good,display is good,battery backup is also good.overall best phone for low price.Phone was heating when opened camera withing seconds. This is my first smart phone. We will get back after using of phone. Sim to be check.Camera is very bad rear camera is 2 MP not 13 MP Charging time is so bad that you get bored by it.It shuts down if Charging is below 10 percent even if it is charging that time .Sar is given whatsoever experiencing headache ear pain after usage of phone.loudspeaker volume is average.fingerprints scanner is a waste of time toy you can use codes instead of that.there are better options than this dnt go for this oneYesterday i received this phone. I went thorugh all apps and they just work fine. I was interested in capturing some still and got irrited with this 13MP rear camera. This is not 13MP, it is way below of 3 MP. They are making us fools unless they give us another Camera App which can capture Good details. Use this camera only in sun light and will have some amount of details in picture. Selfies are OK with front camera.One more Big blockage is that Mobile data does not work when we tranfer files on Bluetooth :( . Finger print sensor is awesome. This is the only Good feature in this phone i would say. All others are Normal and Camera is worse than worst.Nice  look.....nice betry life....over heat and charging is too longVery goodByKumarJust buy If you have range of 7000It started to heat up when i booted it .the temperature goes up to 50.poor phone.dont buy it.guyz better go for redmi note 2 prime 4g.Awesome phone @ awesome price with awesome specification. One should definetly buy it at this level of price a good one coolpad.......Cons- Battery life is not great, Charging time is more.Pros- Everything else.Overall the best phone to buy under Rs.11000.It has an awesome speed and doesn't lag.... I still haven't tested it for everything, that's why I am giving just 4 stars right now...Cool.! Camera is awesomeGood battery life ..Faster.Fingerprint censor is osmBut it takes too long to charge ..one of the best phone in the market performance wise.could be no.1 with magnetic sensor and non heating problem and removable battery.Product quality is low but fingerprint sensor options is better than mi note 3 finger print laoc app lock and folder lock it's awesomeAwesome  phone. I m satisfied... Camera is good... Only one problem is  charging is too slowly.. Heating problem have but not much...Its does not suport hds calling  through jio 4g,  i am not happy with this phone. How to enabled volte to this device?  Plese help me.Camera of the phone is superb along with the touch is also good overall all i can say that please  save your  money and buy this phonegood oneNot goodUnfortunately i opened product lately,  i found defect there are no senseors working,  they said time up to return,  what  to do  now1. Very very fast delivery..2. Great look3. Camera quality is superbTotally this phone is really good in this priceafter one week use, it is giving more in this price tag. only improvement need charger, it has to be two ampere. lets see for future.Simply superb phone...with out any complaints.. Very thing is perfect... Sencor is working very fastly... Battery packup also good...thanks to amazon.. For safe and quick deliveryvery bad its not good,,,,,,,camera  very very very bad  screen brightness effect  veryyyyyyyyyyyy baaaaad plz dont purchase plzzzzzzzVery Nice product and speed is also very GoodOn this price like this configuration will not available for the same price.Happy with the product and price.Rare in the category in this range.Inbuilt message memory is less. Sometimes its needed.So faar it's in meet my expectations.In issues side device gets restart automatically says android optimisation gets more time.I love this mobile. Its really awesome for its price. I have no issues at all. Every feature is perfect. IT really worth paying.one of the sexiest phone in the world..excellent display camera bhagwan usko mere taraf se  thanks de na jisne ye phn banaya heiThe phone is looking good ,working and performance very good,good for this price,Great service of Amazon,  I love You AmazonGood for a geek or gamer, but not for someone who likes to take good photos as camera is not that great even in light conditionsHeating badly not able to use after batches update very worstIts Overall Excellent!Remember to Update it before using or you will face heating issues!!Camera is Average but goodThis cost this  mobile is superNice mobile,good battery pickupI love this phone awesome......better phone in price..........It gets hot very hot asphalt 7 not running ,Hanging too muchIts an Ok phone not a very super phone..... good features in 7K...there are few issues but can be ignored as its a budget phoneCoolpad  im using this mobile 4 days camera is so good battery is ok performance is very good overall best mobile in this rangeWORST CAMERA IS NOT 13 MP , YESTERDAY ONLY I GOT IT- OTHER THINGS CHECK AND TELL LATERNice in price... excellent RAM mobile in cheap cost...me n my frnds also using coolpad note3 series... there is no problem....Bekar Mujhe Mobile Box Me Eyerphone Aur Charger Nahi Milla Maine Company Ko Complin kiya fir bhi kuch bhi company ne nahi kiyaAround 7K this is a simply the best T-REX around. its a brute with very good speed. A blessing for Gamer. Just go for it......best mobile in my using prepare that also again any time more chance people purchase product .thanks for given coolpad companyDelivered by Amazon in just 1and  half days.  The phone is best at this price. Camera is good and phone performance is amazingPretty good device in this price range.3gb 16gb works so nice.absolutely no lag when gaming overall nice device for the price.Don't listen other's free advices.I booked this phone in second sale and the next day  review from 1st sale customers satrted coming. Most of all writing camera is average but in real it has good camera result compared to 10k phones but ya front camera is average in low light but super in day time. It's possible in all 10 k phones. HDR effect is super.Its COOL UI is awesome.3 GB ram means enough itni to mere PC me bhi nahi he.Display response is awesome and you can play HD videos with out laging.Finger print sensor with very high end feature.Volume at top speaker is very good and at back side main speaker is like lilbit low class.Battery backup is good and it has 2 option 1. Fast charging with Coolpad charger and 2. Simple  method with other chargers.Long WiFi range.It looks cool too.Handsfree sound is superb.I downloaded 147 songs via WiFi continuously with low screen brightness in 3 hr. And battery drained only 20%.If you want to buy, get it don't think more.I purchase collpad note 3 lite and company provide 13 megapixels camera but picture quality is not good and clerity also dullHad problems in speakers.Downloaded an app to to get it corrected. Piece is ok,display is cool. Just above satisfactory levelVery nic mobile 3gb ram 13 mega pixel back camra smooth touch speed be mast hai but ak bat hai ki marshmallow update nahi haiHeating is the only problemRather than heating there is no other problem i have been using this mobile since last monthCoolpad note 3 lite is really a COOL one. I recommend this product to buy as features at this price range are really awesome.As its name the phone is cool, camera is too good for the price, the phone become hot whole using internet  and playing gamesBest phone ever with this range,battery backup is very good, Camera also, No hang problem,Running as bullet trainGood Phone but display is not good. Screen savers as well as photos looking to dark than actual. There is no solution for it.Set bahut hi achha hai99%  positive mark dungaHeat problem nahin hai3gb ram ic 6999/= rate me  NAHIN milegaI have been using it for months now. Battery is decent. It does get heated up on playing few games. Overall.. Value for moneyi was booked coolpad note 3 lite and received, but off/on button not working properly and it was going to safemode every timeThis Mobile is a rubbish n a big headache.After 1 week of purchase the battery is worst ever of any mobile i used ever.This Phone is Awesome. No lagging while playing games & Camera is very good. Battery backup also very good for a normal user.When i am using mobile while charging.  Power is always decreasing.  So sad.  If it is in fast charging  also.  Plz fix it.Finally i got coolpad note 3 lite. I'm so impressed by amazon delivery service. The smartphone looks great and work smoothly.Very nice mobile cam is awsomesmuth touch, but weight havy..Front camera very poor qualityso lovely Product in this RateVery good mobile  takes 2 hrs to charge but lasts for 10-12 hrs(2500 mah non removable battery) 5 inch ,slight heating starts while doing heavy duty, has 3 GB RAM  camera is ok 13 MP and 5 MP , 16 GB inbuilt memory ,good finger print scanner (upto 5 fingers) , and is one of the best budget mobile and best of all is that it is MADE IN INDIAReally a worst mobile display and camera is very worstGood product but processor is two slow that's reasion when i  open game  he takes time but when started he works excellentEverything is good in this phone awesome looking and very fast service by Amazon works very fast and 3gb ram is so so goodBest phone @ 7k.3gb ramFingerprint scannerGood cameraGood  battery backupSmooth multitaskingI been through many reviews most of them have  a problem with the camera.  Well if you do a proper setting then the camera works just perfect.mane cool padnote 3 lite glacier book karvaya but muje coolpad note lite champage Mila...bevkoof banate h. Camera ghatiya.it's not like that's how i expected .......  performance is good but i couldn't like it and piece quality also not solid .This phone amazing this price. All functions are great but camera quality is low otherwise all good.so I give 3 star only.The second sim card is not readable,and the phone is hence not good.Kindly solve this problem.The 2 nd sim slot is faulty.0 stare wrost  mobile lots of bug in thisDispaly 0/5Chargenig issue 0/5Backup 0/5Stylish 1/5The product is not exactly the same mentioned . . there is no magnetic sensor. both the sim slot doesn't support 4G.Its touch and cameras better than my previous mobile moto g2.I have 2000 pics (5 gb) ,movies  videos but run smooth like knief in butter.It have so much inbuilt functions you dont need to root the mobile .Built quality good .Fingerprint too much owsome respond within half second.For any query msg me on fb -studf9@gmail.comNice phone ...but it's very early to say that battery stays good and so on...camera looks daashing...very happy everything in this awesome 3gb RAM finger print sensor at this cost... Is very much unbelievable nice product from coolpad.....Drawback:Headphones are very worst......with nice headphones it music is perfect...Great phone. Value for money.It's battery disappointed me.Best phone ever in this priceSuperb phone. value for moneyReally very nice mobile .....Very good and phone I love itVery nice mobile at this costgood product in this price...Amazing phone worth it buyingNice looking phone. With better camera. Special for selfi lover. Good in budget. Stylist mobile. Highly recommend for 7K.Awful experience as it gets heated even in standby mode.Don't ever dare to buy this phone.I am returning this back.Battery : good,take 2 to 3 hours to full charge,no heating problemsCamera : average,Overall performance. GoodGood phone ,working perfectly except OTG is a bit flickering... FP is good ..display, camera ,so far so good. Worth a buyExcellent features+Good specifications+Beautiful looks+best in price &Above all finger print scanner=Coolpad Note 3 Lite.Guys its just a Gem in the range of 7K. Features given in this just more than expectation. Below are my ratingsLooks: 9/10Camera:8/10Fingerprint:10/10Display: 9/10New Feature: Multi task, C button for shortcutsNote: Above rating are based on comparing the phone with it price 7K.Camera quality is poor...... Not focusing  on small objects  like news paper,notes etc....... Performance is good enoughGood .But in my mobile screen has some defect.  And when playing heavy games/apps  its heating. Camera good in day lightIt is too poor camera phone and it takes more then 6 hour for charging and better is note backup.so that I returned itvery bad experience within 201 days my mobile getting hanged and not screen touch was not working as usual CHina PhoneThe battery back up is not continue at least 5 hours...........but the other feature is very goods at this price rangeIt's wonderful mobile in this price..Only one problem camera was heating when I clicking 8-10 photo at one time.Worst phone I have ever had.. The sim is not detecting after use of 1 month... Guys think before u order this phone...Camera quality of phone is  veryyyyy poor  make it better as of 13mp camera VGA camera phone is better than this 13 mpAwesome... Cam s pro.. Fingerprint sensor s lightening speed... So far so good.. Present time's affordable n great mobThe value for money smartphone is here...Man dont think twice for it its a best phone....else buy a 3310 from Nokia...Very poor & bad camera quality ...and  also There no more some useful  sensors in phone like gyro, megnetic, etc......Good phn at this price rangeLow Budget Perfect CellPhoneProduct is awesome go for itvery good100% usefullyIt hang on all time and heatAwesome phone for the price.Its very nice & slim Phone .Nice and Best priced phone..After using the phone around one month. Performance, Battery, Camera, Display etc work very well except slow charginghttp://www.amazon.in/Coolpad-Note-Lite-Black-16GB/dp/B019Z8SGXU?ie=UTF8&psc=1&redirect=true&ref_=od_aui_detailpages00It has all the features one who wants... Had a great experiance by using this mobile. I will give 5/5 rating to this.This mobile camera is good3gb ram so, no hanging pbslim sizeless weightgood battery back upThe phone is very good except that it has some heating trouble, poor charging rate and battery drains very quickly.NYC product in under 7000rs Battery backup - goodFinger scanner work super all features are superGood phone by the way. It is horizontally shrunk and vertically expanded and it is very good for single hand usage.Best phone at the price! Quality is top notch. I wish the charger was a better quality but overall a good purchase.ALL SPECIFICATIONS ARE GREAT,BUT I WANT TELL ABOUT NEGATIVE POINTS1.NOT QUICK CHARGING2.HEATING PROBLEMNice phone, excellent features and looks .delivered before date .Lacking sensors like gyroscope and compass .Great product!! It has a very smooth working fingerprint sensor. The phone is very fast and smooth. Just go for it!This phone is not reached expectations and heating problem is really high, its like mysore bonda..only bonda, no mysore..Name stats as Coolpad, but reality no cool..its getting very heat when i play 10 min games..which is not at all expected.My suggestion is not to go for this product..my grand ma is  buying this7000rs this phone very goodCool like a Coolpad...SuperBelow average Below averageBEST PHONE AS I WANT.......Great phone in this price..I am using this phone since 2 Months these are my experienced reviews Quality of display is not that goodRequires nearly 5 hrs to full chargeNo magnetic compass support as described in detailsHeats a lot while talking more than 10 mins can't keep it touched to earPerformance is good don't lag behindnyc but headset is not goodExcellent buy.excellent buyAs of now its working fine.Heating while playing gamesFor me it cheap and best Its a good fone in this range, both the cameras are not that much good. Fp sensor stop working in 10 days of time,My 2nd sim card slot is not working and camera quality is okay and also it heats a lot otherwise the phone is goodPoor quality battery drains like any thing , heating issues I found that I made a mistake by choosing this phone !Its really good nice camera,features.very very worth for 7000 rs  battery life also very good thx for amazonCoolpad really cool feature wise...but back gets heated on long usage...finger print security feature is too good.Awesome nice music effect,Loud volume,Auto focus and slow motion camera is in this mobile. Very fast finger print.Fabulous Mobile in this range.Awesome finger print scanner highly sensitive,Cool UI is really very cool.Go for it.In 6999' it's awesome..Little bit bugs.Battery backup good.Display good.Performance good.Its very bad thing that its like oven we can prepare egg omlet on this phone when we keep this phone for chargingThis phone is very bad .sound quality is very poor camera quality not good i suggest don't purchase this mobile..Excellent mobile with excellent features but I have an issue regarding 4g so please help me other things are goodAwesome phone in 7K better than any phone of range 10k to 30k. I can bet on this because my last phone was of 33KRcvd in time and for the paid amount, product is ok, Can recommend for others. We are using with out any problem.Battery pickup not OK brightness problem totally cool pad isires this mobile is very bad mobile heating problemWonderful product. Product exactly as described; Needless to mention about service. It is NOT LESS THAN FIVE STARGood phone at this price but the only problem is that the becomes warm or so to say the phone is becomes hot.....everything is working fine since last 2 months .... just the camera quality is not that good it is abt 8Megapxl..Good n best phone I can say. Thumbs up for fp sensor n OS. One n only disappointment is rear camera. Rest is goodI want to know about , audio quality ,and back camera qlty , and most imp point display quality  tell me please .I thing this is the best cell under 10000 ,secifications are absolutely exlent  especially cam is superb......Don't buy this ever. The touch is terrible. It doesn't work. Amazon should accept a refund, not a replacementIt is not up to mark with Rs 6990/- price tag. Price is low but quality is lower than expected in this range.Very good mobile. No heating issue. Touch is good, camera OK, decent battery backup. Good deal in this price.I will only say. Do not buy it. It is worthless of money. Bought before 3 months and getting hanged, Heating,nice mobile i also told my friend buy this you never got this configauration and this type look in this pricePhn is overheating.both front and rear camera quality is same.hanging pblem.but only finger print is good....This phone average. Display brightness is low & flash too.Non removable battery.Also all is well.Nice phone all good but takes long time to get full charged and the vibration make noise when the phone ringsIts amazing product. .....Purchase definitely...Thanks to Amazon...Good return policySuper phone in the budget.. fits exactly cool in pocket.Con: Had some extent of heating issuePhone is good. only problem is slow charging. It takes over 5 hours to full charge while fully discharge.I got this mobile on 16-03-16I used 3 days this mobileI got heating problemLow chargingProduct is fantastic and got it well in time. Item is not less than what is expected. Paisa vasool deal..dont purchase after 18 days of usage power and volume button does not work. to make it work u need to restrat as battery cant be removed and need to wait completely battery drain and put for charging an dproblem solved but same problem repeates again after 6 hours.I would not waste my energy by writing much on it, in nutshell its dabba phone. Dont waste your money, rather i would recommend to add little bit more and buy good one around 10kDont get into this cheap trap as i fell.They dont take return of this product as per this product return policy.Its junk in the name of phone.One line dont go for it..i hope it hepls others1.  No battery backup,2.  Not able to configure corporate mail box3.  No update/bug fix4.  Camara quality  is not good (pixels not clear - under tube light) compaired with my Lenovo a6000+Finally my a6000+ better then this crap phoneExcellent phone.this is my 4th smart phone....cammera clearity is too good..sound clearity could be better...processor ia very fast...i hv installed 10 to 15 bigger games still phone is neither hanging nor lagging..and service of amazon is damn fast nd reliable.I have bought 2 nos. Of coolpad note 3 lite mobile but pictures quality is very bad. Camera is not good.Good phone !!!! Awesome fingerprint sensor one of the main feature of this phone. Must buy !!!! For surethis is a very good phone in this price rangeonly the battery life is too less drains quicklrAmazing phone at 6999/-Gud phone with gud screenGud with 3gb ramNice finger printThis is worst ever a electronic device i have ever used.It hangs all the timeKeeps getting on n off automaticallyWorst cameraPoor batteryDisplay flap is not paired well with mother boardIt goes off many times.Intoto it's the worst cell phone ever used.Was happy with old HTC.Amazon... thanks for delivery before ahead... it's awesome budget mobile ...features are very goodBaterry charge in very long time in 10hour the battery can't full.please help me with this problemAwesome front camera... But i am disappointed with rear one. Performance wise very good product...Battery is not getting charged after switched on , it is charging only when mobile is switched offFinger Print Scanner Features New & Latest One.Eco Friendly Smartphone. With Great Features.product is awesome  in ths  price..  just one single problem .. not supported full Hd  videos..  .Device heats up more than other models in the market, but it is a good product for its price rangecoolpad is the best phne looking good & all the features are good but charging is very slow....& camera quality is not a goodWonderfull gadget, price worthy, should buy it. Camera is wonderful , can support high end gameCharging time is very large up to 3-3.15 Hrs. And backup also not good other features are good.Of course!!. I good Product to use.But i am not able to find the flip cover for the same.I like the spec and price of this phone. But waiting for black/grey color panel to be released.Awsome features in this budget  and good working. Costumer services are very good in this brandThe mobile I received did not detect any sim card in both its slots! Could have been a one of defective piece. I liked the phone per she. Good build quality, ok display, excellent fingerprint scanner. The fine was good and had the sim card issue not have come up I'd have given 5 stars.I had to return the phone and accept refund since replacement was not available.Coolpad should ensure proper testing and be customer centric if it has to survive in India.Amazon service was great.Now waiting for refund...After using 2 days..a) display, UI, fingerprint sensor, overall look are very goodb) camera, speed of system are avaragec) some apps (fb) are not running properlyd) taking too much time to be chargedNice phone bt.... WHEN I  UPDATE  THIS  PHONE.  AFTER  ITS DISPLAY COLOUR CHANGE AUTOMATICALLYWhen capturing a photo it appears display in reddish color.Except dat everything is goodUnable to connect to mobile data instantly, need to restart every time to connect to internetNice phone got on 25 feb. On this price this is the best phone in market ...look is very niceNice looking and feel good mob, ltl bit heating problem and camera not as good as 13mp sud beVery good product good camera and finger print sensor with such a low price thanks for amazonIts having a heat problem ,and also front camera is not good,charging  also downingI  bought the phone on  SundayProsCamera is awesomeBattery backup niceLarge ramNice designConsHeating problem liteFid not working proberlyToo much time take chargeWorth Purchasing it .Mobile heat avuthumdiGreat value for moneyLowprice latestmobielI got coolpad note 3 lite on yesterday.the delivery is very fast.the phone is good and nice.Good in looking..and there awsome features.... but heats soon...and battery low very fastly.Great specifications in this price range...super stylish design...I will recommend everyone.Very bad, phone specification says 2500 Mah battery, but battery saver apps inform battery capacity is 1000Mah. I wonder how?...is there any foul play in action here?. Please somebody enlighten me. And ofcourse all the complaints about battery are absolutely TRUE.Its a very  big fault  arising in bsnl network ( slot 1).  Dropping net work from no network zone to network zones. It's not regaining network again . It's  take  lot of exercise. Please give its  solution quickly.Produces heat and battery discharges very fastlyHere is detail review of this product:Battery charging 1 star: It takes atleast 3 hours to charge and even i put 2.0 latest sony charger, that also didn't work. highly disappointed.Battery backup  3 star: It lasts for 10-12 hours.Design:  5 star: Phone look is very good, better than coolpad note 3.Sound:  3 star: Sound is not that great, i have redmi 2 prime mobile, and i found sound quality is not upto the mard of coolpad note 3 lite.Earphone:  2 star: It is also average.Call quality:  4 star: Good, satisfactoryBack Camera:  3 star: outdoor photos are really good. Zoom works fine with taken photo in day light env.Indoor photos are  average and with zoom it is worst.Front Camera:  3 star: It is also like back camera, only for day light.Gaming:  3 star: Played heavy games and observed little lags while playing, also observed mobile heats little bit, but managble.My mobile is faulty and asked for refund by returning the item. Not happy at this instance.after few days of usage you will realize that phone heated so much otherwise phone is greatVery cute..nice touch.Front cam is very good...outlook is very pretty... Fr 7k it is SuperbPhone won't charge only. No matter what charger you use!Watch a normal video while charging and see the declining battery percentage!Oh wait to watch video you need a good screen , sorry this phone has not one. All the videos you play on mx player stutter. I don't know where it will use its 3gb of ram.Last but least, want to know how its loud speakers are?  Just like your phone , but covered under 5 layers of blankets. Lowest loud speaker i ever heard off.Mt6735m is very very very very mediocre processor, don't go with idiotic scores of antutu , the phone is very slow over all. Finger print scanner at least takes 3 times to scan any of my 4 fingers. I AM PRETTY SURE DIGIT MAGAZINE HAS TAKEN BRIBE TO PROMOTE THIS PARTICULAR COOLPAD NOTE 3 LITE. IT'S NOT WORTH BUYING.DO NOT BUYAMAZON DOES NOT HAVE RETURN POLICY ON THIS , YOUR 7000RS WILL SIMPLY BE WASTED!BEWARESTAY AWAY.I am using Coolpad Note 3 Lite since last 1 month. I'm not facing any problem till date.nice phone, if i would have bought white it look nice,of-course black is also goodThere is reddishness in the rear camera which makes the face very darkDisappointedVery nice mobile. It is really  cool at this lowest price with very high configurations.Amazing look,  liked d configuration and lovely touch..!  Recommended many of my frndz..every thing is fyn except charging , it takes more than five hours to fully charge 5-100I am using this phone from one month....... no complaints. Simply the BEST in this rangeVALUE FOR MONEY!!!Lags a Bit. Also Heating Issues......Overall Good Product!It's very fast and smooth running mobile. and the picture qualty of this mobile is unbelievable. It's very nice mobile... It is easy to use...and the phone have quick responce...it's fineeeeee.....Earlier I used Samsung products, which were novel but overpriced with rotten specs. I was looking for a phone in range of 7000 - 9000 with latest specs. This product has completely turned-down budget phone segment. I have used it for two months now. Here is my reviewWho should buy this1) Stringent Budget2) Single handed use (5 inch)3) Who do not prefer to play high end games (Mid & lower end games runs smoother)4) Who uses bunch of apps simultaneously (News, social, E-purchase, mails & office, small games, movies & Music), trust me, you never get shortage of RAM and performance.Best aspects1) Latest and best specs in this price like finger-print sensor2) Best RAM (3GB) and a good CPU configuration at this price3) Not much heating problemsCould expect more in1) Battery life: 2500 mAH Battery give good performance and life, but could have been better if 2700~3000 mAH battery be provided.2) Camera is just good, with tag of 13 mega pixel. Front camera capture good qty images from 5MP point of viewVerdict:If you are buying with above requirements, go for it. This is best in '5 inch' class at this point in price below 10000/-.Camera  quality poor. And screen display very poor.  Im not satisfied with this productWorst mobile i have used ever. Poor display quality..worst camera... Waste of money....Moibile is very good but my data cable stops working only after 3 days of delivery.....Good mobile, all the features are working very nicely. Fingerprint unlock is very good.Good phone.  Meet all the expectations as a budget  phone.  Cool service from Amazon!!!Nyc phone but after some time it's very heated so it's the negative point of this phoneI loved this mobile. unfortunately it got drowned in the water and unable to repair it.Phone heating problem and it doesn't get charge ING while we use higher end applicationgreat performance... nice phone... dil jeet liye... but u.i problem. some time lag downNice mobile for useOtg support or not?Rear camera is poorNot working perfecti liked this mobileIts a nice phone.... It met my requirements exceptionally.... I m happy to have it...good mobile but bettry problem and phone book problem ,front camera is not goodVery good cell.. I am totally satisfied, and the Amazon service is on time and Good..Good for these priceBut a problem heatcamera quality is goodNo HankMobile so nice for this budjet camer is very good i am satisfied this range of mobileQuality is same as China phone.Nothing new. Camera is very poor.It blurs.Mobil is good,but both side apear  yellow colours  patch.no service point at vellore.it is getting heated when using for 15 minWhat to say about this Phone????  Its AWESOME. A mobile for Rs 6999 you get a lot of features such FP scanner,  13 MP camera, 3GB RAM, eetc. This spec at least cost more than 10K by other manufacturers. Also the phone looks very attractive outside and feels excellent in the hands. The only cons I had is the UI. CoolUI is not that attractive as I was using Zenfone 5 earlier and got used to it. I changed the UI Launcher to ZENUI and it works very fine. Now my phone looks exactly like ZENFONE in UI. Thanks for ASUS Launcher. Its available in Play store. Try it..When comes to camera, 5 MP front camera works good but the 13MP back camera does better job. When you are reviewing the camera of this phone , just have the Price of this phone in your mind as for this price, the camera does a excellent Job. Otherwise Everything is Superb.The UI is terrible. I've used the stock Android UI on my Nexus and the MiUi on the Redmi 2 Prime. The so-called CoolUI is very uncool. The phone contains many gems of Chinese English. "Update needs to restart." "Enrol your fingers."In general too, the CoolUI needs make up. It isn't as pretty or as smooth as the examples mentioned earlier. The phone tends to make silly noises - rather reminiscent of Samsungs, a brand I hold in total distaste - say, when starting up, or shutting down (one can turn off those sounds in the settings). Here's news: I know the phone is starting up. I turned it on. I dont need song and dance.However, nothing beats this phone for physical specifications in this price. That is why I got this phone, and that is how I will defend it to scrutiny by the more well-heeled Nexus wielding snobs.I am writing my review about this phone after 2 weeks usage.Nothing about technical which you all come across from other reviews.There are no Pros & Cons - Only few points which I noted as follows,1. Already fell down once, GODs grace!!! But nothing happened. free fall test passed :)2. Almost all the apps you can move to SD card, which is a very good option in this phone.3. after installing all necessary apps including few games, still more than 1.9GB of RAM is free which is very good.4. For moderate use of 4G internet, battery lasts more than a day, and of course without internet easily run for 2 days.5. Another best thing is video play back  - I watched few full HD movie of avg 2.5 hrs and it drains only avg 24-28% of the battery with temperature under control.6. Charging time from 10% to 100% is about 3.5 Hours - can be compromised7. Headset having less bass - buy a new one for those who are really worried about it.8. Camera is average quality only, but front cam is very good.9. Only SIM 1 is having 4G network, SIM 2 being at 2G always. - I used to travel between 2 states frequently. Normally, I use only 1 SIM with internet connection other being only for personal calls. Since the 2nd SIM is in 2G mode, it will save power as well - More over roaming is free in all data plans. So NO worries whether 2nd SIM is 2G or 4G.10. While charging it heats up little bit. - in fact, almost every phone has the same problem I heard.Mobile industry is very vast and everyday new models are coming. 1 felt this phone would be worth to buy at present time. So far everything went well. Highly recommended for those who are looking a smart phone with all the features at very good price of 6999/-I am using this fone from last 1 month.I don't like the phone much.The camera front and back are pathetic.They are high resolution but gives really very very bad pictures. Can't even capture proper colors and mostly gives distorted images.This mobile is not at all for photo lovers.Now this phone lacks in features and does not have a good user interface. Volume of the phone is not high enough.Battery of d mobile runs a day when used on WiFi for 4-5 hours and few calls and no games played. So battery not up to the mark.Heating problem at pNow what's good abt this phoneIts price... Its one of the cheapest phone with the features that it has.Finger print scanner is fast and goodU can lock apps too with it.Looks are fine.RAM 3 GB is superb.first purchase coolpad f1, after f2, then after spice coolpad, coolpad dazen 1 (2 contity)now 2 quatity for this note 3 lite so ALL 7 PHONE WORKING FINE TILL DATE .GREAT SECURITY FOR EVERY APPLICATION WITH FINGERPRINT READERALSO IF YOU WANT TO SET CALLING WITH FINGER SECURITY AND RECEIVED CALL ALSO WITH FINGURE SEUCIRTYIF ANY CALL ARRIVED IN CELL YOUR FINGER IS NOT DROPPED AT SENSOR THEN NOT RECEIVED CALL THATS VERY NICE SECURITYAND CELL IS VERY FINE SCREEN IS VERY NICESENSOR IS VERY SECURE MILITERY GRAD SENSOR SO THATS GREAT FEELING WHICH IS VERY ACCURATE. BUY THIS CELL BLINDLY THINKING WITHOUT TWISECOOLPAD IS MAKING MICROMAX, LAAVA, SPICE MOBILE'S ( all MI series  IS COOLPAD) AND making also 16 COMPANIES MOBILE PHONEs SO THEY HAVE LARGE EXPERIENCE IN CELL PHONE MAKING.performance is ok....lagging in big games like asphalt 8 but at this price u can buyHandy smartphone it is good in performance and the camera quality is not as expectedAmazing phone at its price. Better that most phones double its price. Great buy.camera is not working like 13mp... battery life is good. and performance is goodit is a best mobile in cheapest rate in amazon online store. thanks amazon gorupMobile is perfect...  some issue regarding battery but in this price its awesomeMobile is running & working good....high quality....front...and  back camera....Its a good product for this low price... So updated for our usages... Awesome...The mob is best but mobile camera is average then it takes long time on chargingAwsome Look And Performance This Phone .. I am satisfied coolpad note 3 lite ...Look of phone & accessory are excellent.very nice phone with good budget..This phone is nice according to range. Some issue in sound but overall very goodVery nice productExcellent  deviceJise paise waste karni hi wo jarur karidiyeI will explainBekar display qualityWarst cameraBattery Jo kabhi b full nahi hogaLook bekarThe product is best for those who are looking under 7K price range.Good speed, camera is not good as expected,good battery life ,and some games are not compatable.Truly, This smartphone has bundled with all the latest feature, but it's a pathetic cheap Chinese making againPros:a. Awesome UI... you name it, they will have all sorts of your expectation for the user interfaceb. 3G/2G network works fine with good battery backupCons:a. Charging of the battery from 10 % to 100% needs 4 hoursb. 4G network suck your entire battery in 2 hoursc. Heating at the top end (especially near ear end speakers goes upto 117 F) make the worst experience of calling and browsing while heavy usaged. Sometime apps is lagging when multi task enabledNot recommended... unless you are very strict with your budget  and wants to enjoy all the latest featurescool pad look nice, 3gb ram fast downloding back drag slow charging....its camera result is very very badand battery was not in good conditionEverything is fine. Good look & great working. BT its getting heat sometimes!Excellent technology . Unique features . Minimum price , maximum specification .The phone is good but the screen guard we get with it is of very poor qualityMobile was awesome and Amazon Delivery is To Good...I Am Amazon fan ...Product is good and delivery was with Amazon spoiled the complete senarioExcellent product by coolpad, really good looks at very affordable price.Worst camera and battery and phone heats took much gyzz plzz don't bye iti have my coolpad last month i love this phone awesm functions ....  uselesss, processor claims to be fast but playing games makes it too slowIt hangs some times otherwise good.Look is also not very attractiveGood phone so far. As many review says,the rare camera is not 13mp worth.Its an awesome product in such a budget.Thanks for Coolpad and Amazon....Awesome Mobile. I just love to use it...everything working nicely..The product is good at this price but there is an problem when ur using the cell when its charging insted of charging it is geting discharged...Hello Guys !Firstly, I would like to appreciate Amazon for their customer support !To talk about this phone , it s not bad , still I am not much happy about camera , yuphoria is awesome which is just 8mp , but this one is 14mp , not even stand close by .Secondly message navigation response is pretty much .Battery is fine in idle conditionPhone become little hot after 12-15 min of calling , I am not sure if this is normal which I did not experience on yuphoriaBut it's worth for 7k. Those who are not core specific about spec , people will be quite happyNew smart phone user will be glad !!Best phone at this price, hassle free purchase from Amazon. Commendablerecently i purchesed this item... iam not satisfiedworst camera..Battery backup is low,some times phone hangsThan phone work is okthis range is buy don't any one phone  buy coolpad note 3 awesome .....Mobile looks good but battery condition is not good it heats up quicklyA phone to have but little heating issue and charging takes a long timeGood one with reasonable  price.  Only bad is camera not good.. Touch on icons are not so responsiveThe vibration of the phone could be improved that helps the users a lotthis item is not good. mobile camera not woking and quality also bad.Bought it to my friend,facing issues now with some functional aspectsCamera quality is very chip please increase a quality other wise goodExcept charging everything is OK sometime it gets heat after long useThis mobile  camer is not equal to 2mp of lenovoa6000 just given 13mpThe phone I don't know but seal was broken and it's not charging alsoThis camera is very bad.  Like as VGA CAMERA  other wise all is good.Very good product in affordable price.feeling happy thanks to amazon.It's good. Nice configuration.. It's little bit problem on battery...Battery & sound very poor. But mobile speed  and specifications superVery Bad Product.... Heating up, battery drain fast, battery charging is very slow takes 6 to 7 hrs. Not HappyPhone hangs after few days while watching movies, or surfing the net or playing games.when you try to reboot it. it remains turned off and only when you hold the power button for 10-15 seconds does it turn on.i have been unable to update the system package due to this.Another problem faced is with reading the memory card. i have tried memory cards of different companies.but i still have the same issue. unable to read the card. sometimes it does, sometimes it does not.facing the same issue with the replacement i received.with the issues faced it doesnt act like a phone with 3gb RAMEverything was good delivery speed and packageProduct also good but charging time is more ...except this remaining everything oknice phone. camera quality great! only one problem. heating problem.Very bad cam qyty & amazon  is very waste website to onlune shoppingSim 2 slot is not working and sim 2 is not detecting what to do now?Good and value for moneyBut rare camera should be more improveSuperbb phone in quality.....osm... Value for money....i love it....Nice Phone,The only issue (battery) taking more time to chargeAmazing mobile with its best price.. Go for it don't miss grab sooonEverything's cool about it. Though I'd love a bigger battery backup.After few months of usage, It gets heated up. The temp is above 50 degrees.This is god mobile but flexible back cover not provide  this cmpy byPhone with such features and at much lower cost. It worth buying it.Totaly bed phone...  i want to retun my phone.  But they dont acceptevery think is ok but inbuild battery that is not okfor futureBest phone for that price. Average camera but the rest are very goodGreat phone with awesome specificationbut the battery is awfulI am disappointed because I registered after 4 times the phone foundWORTH product...but only time has to say how long it works as same!!Good battery backup.Fingerprint works great.Good Displayphone performance is very good. camera not 13mp the picture so dull.Coolpad  website  showa magnetic  sensor, but when got a phone there is no magnetic sensor,  otherwise  mobile is good in this priceNICE PHONE....BUT WORST CAMERA 13MPOVER ALL OKAYPlease don't buy this mobile and don't waste your time and valuable money better go for any other mobile don't buy in Amazon too one u read amazon policy if u agree with Amz T&C u can proceed. Better filpkart snapdeal services pls dont buy this mobileNot good.Its heating if we talk on phone also,I hate it, don't ask about when we use internet.Its by name coolpad but its heatpad.Phone is good as I use it  phone is lots of RAM  screen is good  and heating little bit phone sound is not so loud  ringing is fine  camera is good  user storage is 10.5 GB is less  but average is  more than good  best buy in 6999 date 31 March 2016As compare to other 13MP camera. this phone camera is not good.very poor quality of both camera.Got it delivered yesterday. Phone has been excellent so far, no issues at all. One thing, this mobile is totally worth the money!Very bad phone i order twice both time battery does not charge wellGood product worth for money but check it both sim slots is workingThe phone is simply awesome.... Look is great... Superfast... Awesome features... Such as double tap wakeup... Multitasking... Reallt so many awesome features ar there..Cons:  there is some heating issue.  While using mobile data... And while playing heavy Games...And some time while registering my finger, i t was not getting recognised.. After successfully registering as was working fabulous.. But i felt this problem several times while registering..Overall... There is no any other phone at This price segment...Not upto markawesome phoneBest in classIt's good....Good product.Nice one pis.Nice phone...Awesome phoneBest under 8k13 mp camera rear camera is giving result like 5 mp camera.Very Good Mobile,but Sound,Camera, Body panel is averages..Mobile not worth. Heating problem and performance also low.Hang hota hai performance slow hai audio sound bhut kam haiGood budget smartphone. Finger print is good than expected.Nice phone,best range with smart and extra hi end  featuresCool mobile....delivered safely...screen guard included....Nice product. Speed and battery is superb.nice both camerasEverything is all right bt display quality have to improve.Good specification but performance is not as much as it is.nice lookingOver allGoodGood productgood productGood ProductG99o productf****ng salethere phone is amosome look and camera picale is nice lookNice phone. Excellent multitasking device. Value of money.Except heating remaining all are good. Value worth productIt gives very low sound on FM  as compare to other mobilesExcellent, better performance this price but heating issueWorth on price. Only one issue that charging is very slow.Shocked! Outstanding performance.. Amazingly under priced.Product and quality is very good.it reached my expectationphone is good but some heating problem while playing gamesVery bad battery backup,  super slow.. When i touches  dial button,  contact saving takes 15seconds,I want to buy but  i don't know customer centre in gujratCharging tine is too slow, took 5hrs to full chrge It takes 5hours to get fully charged but is a great phonevalue for money product, camera need improve in quality.Camera is good. Getting heated up once we open any game.awesum phonr under 10k with exellent finger print sensorGud mobile 1.disply 4/5,Camera quality is not goodbattery charging take more time and sound is not enough.the best 5" phone available in marhljet right now...Not gud. Heating unnessory. And caller voice is very lowBattery charging takes long time and discharge in 3 hourI am not able to do registration for coolpad note 3 liteExcellent phone.......good finger print sensor operationWell the product is good but well I got a defective oneAccelerometer working  not properly battery is not goodEverything is fine except for the battery charging timePhone was good  but battery notgood back up only 4hoursHeating problem observed during music and video player.Thik hai jara si battery problem bas baki Sab sachi haiworth for money. Paisa wasool hai bhai. Kharid Dalo....Back camera is not good and it take more time to chargeNot available 4G + 4G only one Sim available 1st Sim 4GNever thought of buying,it is a joke,it is not a mobileNice mobile, value for money and working smooth& fast.Overall  ok, but fully not ginger  print, Price  valueAwesome phone with all the best features in low budgetCamera quality is too bad comparing to coolpad note 3.its hanging and screen is becoming black automaticallyCoolpade note 3 lite black, volte support is yes or novery very gud product,no any problams,i satisfied.....Not fast as expected, vr not supported as no gyroscopeThe deal is ok, but no servive centre near Navi MumbaiNice  looking mobile and best price with this featuresPhone typing is very slow and phone is getting hangedVery good experience.  I would recommend this phones.Everything's good except the display. It's very poor.Nice phone quite good looking phone. Faster accessingBe careful you will get a open seal defective productVery worst mobile in this price I got defective peacePhone is good but not the camera clarity is satisfiesVery good phone with a best in class battery back up.It's fine but after using few minutes it's heating upWaste phone. Dint buy it. Over heats. Battery problemPhone is good but battery is average no fast chargingAwesome mobile......you can play any game without lagGood phone good front camera but back camera are poorWorking hood but charging issue....nt charge when type msg or internet on and when use phonSPECIFICATIONS ARE NICE& good battery also goodGood phone value for money but back case not avliableGot defected product screen get blinks & freezes while using some apps & playing videos going to replace it ..Please make sure & check your mobile not sure may be my phone is defective .....only uses for 1 day product is good but after use on 2nd nday got this issues while using ..Be aware & check u r phone in all possible ways ........or may be I got defective one can't say But it look likes a software issueAwesome product at this price tag, heard by many buyers thats it has a poor battery backup but i enjoy using it. I charge it up in the morning use WiFi, few games and lots of music and at the end of the day i still have around 8-9% charging remaining..And the looks are also cool, yes it lacks some features which we indians were used to, but new features added by Cool Ui are also Awesome!Overall an Amazing Experience!!!Received 3rd Feb after 5 pm with amazing amazon transportation service, I dont understand if screen have Scratch resistance so why screen protector strip in the box ?? Battery backup not good may be it draining too fast (82% to 47% in 1& half an hour) when download apps via wi-fi. Sometime back button not work for more than 5 seconds.Phone processor going so hot within 15 minutes when gaming or downloading So I return the ITEM.It is a good phoneBut it's getting heatedN cameras are not so good at nightCamera quality is not good  black series  White  series have good camera qwalityGood phone with good specifications at a best price.Awesome camera...battery is goodDisplay is fabFriends,  this is the best phone in this price rangebattary problem when u operative battary not chargedI have a problem with back cover which is very looseBAKWAS PRODUTREQUEST EVERYBODY DO NOT PURCHASECamera  qulity is very  bad and otherwise  very goodWow osm phone this is my 3rd coolpad in my home.....Bad mobile too much heating problem and hanging alsoIts a good phone. But i am not satisfied with speed.Good phone I like it 5 stars to coolpad note 3 lightWonderful exp. Very satisfy with performance overallGood product, but Camera and display can be improvedCOOLPAD NOTE 3 LITEVERY VERY GOOD MOBILEIts value for money. But cam quality is not so good.At this price  point this is awesome with good looksReally Excellent phone. I live this. Fully satisfiedVery nice camra and rem  5star mobile  is prise renjNice phone but charging very slow, resolve my problmIT IS AMAZING PHONE SPECIALLY THE CAMERA. LOVED ITVery Good In Use .. No Hang Problem.. Good Touch..Budget device with good features. Worth the price.Mobile is awesome.. But heating issue is serious..Good Product for for this price. No issues at all.worth of value but battery party still not happy..Cool phone in these prize range, performs well nice phone,good packing and quick delivery love itThis Is very Nice Shopping Site Very Nice ProducedCamera  is not upto themark screen quality is poorNot in 13 mega pixel camera Mobile always is good.Its heating too much apart from that. It was good.Very poor Battery backup so pls exchange my mobileit has gud features and has been working very wellI can say " Its good phone on this price".Nice Mobile with a great features and lowest pricegood phone at this price as compare to other phoneGood Phone. Handy and perfect for single hand use.Excellent phone. Feature rich and value for money.Awesome budget  phone with lots of smart features.Awesome.phone ...low budget and high features . .Good phone. Camera quality is quite satisfactory.Good design, descent battery life,  good responseCamera is goodGood smart phone in low price, affordable for allGood product by amazon.awesomeGood in low cost best features and average cameraVery good and best budget mobile under 7 thousandThis mobile very good picture quality and futuresSometime its getting heat..otherwise ok.. !Got phone today 17/5/16 as soon as i unboxed i noticed its volume buttons are stuck inside the phone i thought might be little prob.. i tried to open bACK panel it was stuck n jammed... try to charge phone it was showing warning signal n cant be switched off... immdtly called amazon they heard n accept for return let's see furthur i will edit this comment according to experience..very bad phone. ek dum bekar bekar h . Amazon ne mere paise bekar krwa diye.Only Camera is not that much good.Nice Product. Value for Money.mobile is very nice but amezon service very dullI was buy for my friend. So I can't say feedbackIts a good one if some one is trying smart phonePlz don't bought this product it is full of bugsNice Phone but some battery problem in the phoneNice mobile At this priceCemera is just okvry nice hai ji... good features. grea8 service.Performance is excellent but design is not goodfingre print sensor does not work after 2 weeksIt's ok accept battery...battery backup is poorgetting heated up i want replacemant of new onenice product facing no issue under 2days of useIts good but the Screen gaurd is not like this,Charging is not OK. Sometimes takes a long timeCharging time is too long caller voice very lowAs said , great packaging... Worth every penny.Everything was good but the display is not goodNice product it's very nice thanks for amazon.Nice mobile..Little bit slow processer..Mobile will not working hard ware not working don't waste your money 7000 please don't wastebill not given with package, bill packet emptyPhone is heating  and battery is draining fastCamera ????  Otherwise its a wonderful productThis phone's internet was not running properlyIn one month only screen touch problem occuredSUPER MOBILE THAN ONTHIS DAY AVAILABLE MOBILESThat's I want it full fil my wish in low cost.Good phonfantasticIts same as expected and very happy to use it if am talking about it delivery so it was on the time overall am very satisfied to get this deal at this consideration value i would like to recommend to if you are looking for good configuration headset of sure buy it this one after use it will love it so much thanks a lots for make the great ever productHave been using it for 1week. Delivery is fast .Received in 3 days. Coming to phone ...it's good. Value for money . Only difficulty I faced is phone takes a lot of time to charge. It's taking nearly 4-5 hrs for full charge that too with power adapter.  But that's OK.... U can ignore ..Those who wish to purchase go for it without a second thought.Phone is good but camera quality is much bad.Nice mobile very chipar pries Good luking....Very very bad both camras  and battery backupNice phone for budget suitable for soft usersall phone feature are good except rear cameraUndoubtedly meets requirements with out lag..Camera result is poor except this all is okAwesome  phone in this price.. Thnku amazonGood Value for Money Product, Ticks all the right check boxes, Great Display & Size, Decent Camera, Finger Print Scanner works Great, Phone is responsive, and Looks good due to golden ascent all around and a very very competitive price, great Job Cool pad, hope you keep coming up with great products and services in future.Received product today, Facing heating near camera & finger scanner only in 10-15 min usage.Could not order the product in the flash sale. Limited productBakvas mobile  high heating  problem. When on data connection.Excellent  mobile all feature are good only camera is  averagemade purchase on 11.02.2015.  this is the 5th smart phone i am yet to use,  after samsung galaxy grand, micromax canvas a350, karbonn and spice android ones, micromax a114.....  expecting a better performance from this mobile.waiting for it to be delivered and will write the review as soon as i get it in my hands.Hi sir  mobile is problem  volum demes haiheating problem... waiting for OTA updatesSimply awesome with more reliable featuresNice phone very fast I like this very muchExcept camera quality everything is fine..Cell is nice but only problem is heating..Very very hot "coolpad note3 lite"Nice product from coolpad in this range..,Its quite a nice phone nd its in my budgeti got this product as not working properlyNo issues found till now.Nice performance.There is some heating issue is this mobileAwesome product I just love myphoneOut standing product with the Budget....!very good product good fingerprint sensorBest phone in this range.....must buy....It get heated soon on running heavy gamesCoolpad is very cool smart phone, like itreturned and refunded due to faulty phoneAwsum phone.. Must buy in a budget phone.Awesome Phone but Battery life is averageDisappointed with camera..not good pics..Cool pad is really cool - worth for moneysuper battery backuphigh resilationPhone is very good. Touch is very smooth.Very nice and value for money............Timely delivery. Good phone on this rangeThis is the best smart  phone for this prise range. Camera quality and battery performance is very good. Good looking phone. But there is only 1.9 gb ram free in starting & after instilling 4 - 5 apps it decreases to 1.7 gb. Sound quality is average. Finger print works well. Finally it is good product.Touch response is quite slow, all other features are good.Nice in use.. This is a  best product...Great phone at this price. Simply superbMost worthable product for just 7000 Good phone.. Smart phone.. I like it..IT IS NICE MOBILE  very nice functionsVery Good purchase!! Excellent phone!!very bad camera quality, bad interfaceSuperb mobile phone for this less rateGood mobile phone in price range of 7k.This mobile is the best mobile on 7000Nice mobile working without any issuesNice Phone. More than worth its price.Good product. Satisfied with purchase,Phone was excellent and nice looking.I got my product in perfect conditiongood mobile fingarprint is realy goodThe phone was presented to my wife with minimal usage.the battery does not stand for an hour. Also had issues with the display while incoming calls.I had requested for replacement and was informed that the defective price should be packed and couriered to them.Fingerprint work is super,bettry back up is good.am facing application crushing issue after the recent update of  V028.. so this am not able to use my phone from past 3days n cant use any of the app... expect incoming call n out going...so kindly reslove it soonMy coolpad is not charging from 17 April around 10 pm. Now only 32 % charge remain. Charging starts and disconnects in 1 second. I trying in other charging sockets from yesterday. But failed. Today mobile phone will be switch off in night. Now what to do.Best phone at this price range. Used it for a couple of weeks. Battery lasts for a day and half if not playing games. Playing games drains battery faster. Front camera is good. Rear camera is decent, require more detailing. Fingerprint sensor works well.exllent mobile with advance featuresVery very nice good phone  rang 6999Excellent deal by amazon.i find bestFront camera not working in my phoneExcellent mobile at affordable priceas per expectation and feels premiumCompare to price it's good product..Late delivery but protuct is awesomeA GOOD PHONE WITH CLASS FEATURES....it's very slim & good looking.......Sound Quality of Speaker is average.Good but some time phone is hanging.Its to good mobile much better speedGem of a device at this price point.Best Phone in this price.Good Touch.I have seen many phones of more than 7k but they have also failed to give such impressive features. I have been using this phone for 6 days and it's performing pretty well. I suggest that you should buy this phone if you are looking for a phone for 7k.Not satisfied return the product. I used coolpad dazen-1 it was so great thats why I order coolpad note 3 lite, but brightness is not upto the mark charging problem and is so sharp but in bright sunlight you cant click picture so dark in the backgrounWhat to do with specs if battery is poor.Sometimes it's discharge even if it is charging mode.Such poor battery u definitely return phone within one week .If u are facing problems after return time is over.Please post your query on [...]Premium Look (slim body with golden ring).. High end Specifications (Finger print scanner & 3GB RAM).. Amazing display (Vivid 5 inch screen).. Cool features (Split screen & Off display gestures).. Decent camera (13MP & 5 MP)Value for money: (...)I noticed one problem in this mobile i.e. sometimes it got hang like when you open file manager/contact/dailer etc. & closed it  and again, you open it, it will take time to open. Apart from this, this phone is awesome. Happy with its performance.I got my mobile but am not satisfied because some bugs i found. And main problem is cant set default storage as sd card.. Other all features are very gud. And some times it hanggs .. But 3GB ram speed i didnt get till now..Worth for money ..I like the cool pad note 3 but in my model the golden edition the back camera quality and the speaker quality ar worse than other coolpaf note 3 lite delivered to my friends and my model is note even dual sim 4 g as described in the specificationSpontaneously restart and shutdown.Wrost product....Highly radioactiveNice product at unbelievable price.Best Price when compare to FeaturesIt's a good phone in this range....good mobile...but heating at camaraI bought coolpad note 3 lite blackGood and better for reganable priceSPECIFICATIONS ARE NICE& GOODIt is the best phone at this price.Good phone, headphone is also nice.Good hardware and performance superi like so much. very super protect.Coolpad very good phone  this pricei want hybrid armor back cover caseMobile is superb n quit handleable.battery is not charging. It got drained at 0%This Coolpad note 3 lite is very light in performance (downside). Not up to the mark as per price too.Camera quality is pathetic. Other features are very good. Need software update on top priority.Not recommended to buy it.Don't know why some people are saying about heating problem. I am using for last six days ,with heavy usage of internet, but not have any heating problem.  Camera and battery is also good.  Simply go for it . Best phone in this price range.its good product, i mean as per price lavel mobile performance are good, one thing is very sure that it have very good camera quality both front and rear. display is good,,,, not bad phone... u can buy good configure mobile in law budget...Bad wifi connectionAnd Amazon said it's not our fault contact with coolpad service centerI thought amezon saying "apni dukan"It's not like thatThey are not taking the responsibility of his own productMobile is heating to muchSlow battery chargeThat's itNo vibration on whatsapp or sms notificationI'm writing this review after using one dayThe phone is getting heat when the brightness is set into full and the battery backup is average ,Rear camera is not good they are telling its 13mp but its showings 8mp clarity onlyBattery backup & heating problem..good in all features,except cameraBest quality camera in this mobilenice phone, fastet working, superbpoor quality and performance......This is a perfect on perfect priceGreat phone in this price range...Bad camera and bad battery backupPoor charge is not properly goingBattey down , camara feature mastits amazing.Thank u coolpadBogas mobile back camera not goodBattery problem  battery not goodi am so lokking its many featuresGreat performance.. On this rangeSlow response and over heating ..Best product at this price range.lovelySuperbsuperbIts a good product all the things are superbb exceptBattery charging is very slow it takes 4 hours to charge from 10 to 100%No screen protection I.e. gorilla or dragontrain etcRest all are fantastic....Really good phone for this price range. Performance is smooth, display is bright and clear.using from last 2 daysi have given 3 star because of delivery systemdelivery Boy D'ont have time for customersThe mobile is best in this price range.....But one thing i observed that battery takes above 3 hours to full charge.....N the mobile get lite heat when u do anything like  playing games or multitaskingBe cool wit cool pad.... Fully satisfied... Great battery backup... Fingerprint sensor is juz awsome...... Camera is better than what i expected.... UI needs some improvement... Overall perfect buy fo 7k... Loved it.. Brought on last friday.Product is good,Observed Heat issue while long calls and games.Battery is good.Rare camera is OK, but not that excellent.Overall review from my side 3/5.Awesome phoneThis phone is best when compared to other phonesSuperbThe bestMarvellous phoneI can't explain this phone's functionI love this phoneThemes are very goodNo hangingVery fast fastestPlease go for itVery poor storage of battery .I takes whole day to fill the battery full.giving one star is not worthy for this product.. Totally waste of money and time to purchase amazon products.I totally fed up with this productNot bad ! But lightly struckinngIt's good and reached on time...nyc phone every thing is good...Touch is slow. Delivery is good.I hate product.... please returnawesome device but heating issue.  . .nd charging indicator not working , , ,help me plzzzzzBest cell but display is reddishThis is the Best in 7000/- rangebad camera quality,looking superover all okey this phe bt awsm..Battery charging time 7 to 9 hrsThis phone is best at its price.Overall bajet pramane khub sarasAwesome it is. A great thumbs upGreat phone at an amazing price.Very good product & good qualityVery nice phone in this budget .not so good, that show in reviweIs good so good mobile phone broExcellent product at reasonable priceMobile superb, but heating issueVery good  phone look from appleIts simply awesome i loved it :)Best device at this prize range.it's worth for money just buy itVery Nice Phone Really Amazing. I would strongly recommend this to selfie lovers and gaming lovers.Very good for Multitasking.Overall no complaintsVery good phone in this price range totally satisfied.good fast phone... good camera... super finger print scanner... but weak battery... lasts hardly one full day... but still quite good at the price it's sold... need to charge everyday that is the only negativeThere is nothing to say about bad for this phone. Excellent phone at this price.I received the product having Sim Slot no. 2 ( SIM not detected)  problem so I asked for replacement otherwise ALL IS WELLGot defective product,ordered for replacement.Good mobile at this price tag..Good phone in INR 7000 in indiaGood performer at this price...Good product and Amazon serviceExcellent product in this pricei liked this product ..exellentGreat phn....at this PriCe...!!poor camera and picture qualityGood product at very cheap ratevalue for money good product...headset is not properly workingthe best budget phone in India. Never think twice to purchase the second one for my brother. Perfectly responsive fingerprint, didn't observed obvious heating issue after playing heavy game a lot. I think there are some reviewers are from other brands who want to mislead customers.Awesome Mobile ever.....my first Android mobile really satisfied with the features..... Camera clearity best and battery performance too....i am happy with this mobile thank you coolpad and amazon :)Very good & very fast service AmazonHii all this is My first review.... Mobile was Nice and its Worthy for 7k...minus points are  camera is ok not so good...and finger print scanner was attractive... Good for gaming and flight weightOver heating the mobile alwaysPicture clarity is not so goodBest Price, Amazing Features:)Its a bad phone its not chargeVery Nice Phone at this budgetGOOD MOBILE FOR MINIMUM BUDJETPhone is awesome....I love it.good working i like this phoneGreat product @ awesome price.Excellent phone for this priceQuite good as per expectationsGood Phone with advanced specsworth for money i recommend itGood Product and fast deliveryCoolpad note 3 lite is awesomeSo nice phon, very comfortablenot for camera lovers.rest ok.Good performance in this priceGood one. Value for the price.Wonderful mobile at this priceAmazing phone in such a price.Very  good product I like thisJust go for it. Awesome phone.Very Good Mobile at this rangePhone truly value for money...Good product. Value for moneyIn this amount it's agood phnonly battery draining problemits get heated up very fastlyIn this price very good phone100% it is time taken 5 hoursToo good at this price range.Very good n classy!!!!!!!!!!!display and camera not good.Over heated mobile back side.is good mobile coolpad note 3Mast ..  mazaa aa gya use krkBack cam clarity was not goodexcellent phone in this rangeVery Bad...OS has a Problem..nice phone but heating issuseNice product, but little slowTake long time  for charging. Some time touch is not working from the upper middle portionVery good at this price pointGood mobile but heating issueNice phone blindly go for itGood quality with good priceI want 2 no's on this mobileSuch a Money worth product..Rear camera quality was dullso cool mobile in this pricefeels good .. need more testNice product nd good qualityvolume of this product good.Bakvassssss  mobile.........i think my phone is awesome. because i order phone  but yet i will not recieve my phone.. so now i can only wish m phone is best... plzzzz guyzzz dont give any bad reviewColors are not bright, displayThanks amazon for coolpad sale.followings are the points, I want to review this phone:1.I like this product because at lower price it delivering magnificent and extra ordinary features.2.Well-designed and back case is well griped so that phone won't fall from hand.So three stars to design and size.3. Then come to screen part , when auto bright mode is ON then screen is quite darken than usual.It create such difficulty to view phone in sunlight.4. Battery backup:idle battery giving backup like 24 hrs. When in use like (call and playing HR games then we get regular backup).Cons:1.Too much time needs for full phone charge and  darken screen visibility.Well,from above observation I would recommend to all to buy <b>coolpad note 3 lite</b> which has come with two colours white and black only colour difference and forget about just this 2 cons phone is getting at very cheaper cost so worth of it.Nice product at this price.cool phone worthy of the 7kIt best phone at that priceAmazing phone as I expectedFront camera is not workingService is best I like it !camera is bad. looks good..Nice phone but getting heatNice Phone Thanks to amazonthis is a very good mobile.It's very good budget PhoneNice product for low budgetNice but camera is very badA good phonw for this priceBattery back up is very badIn this Price, this is bestSuperb phone for good priceI don't know how people are giving bad reviews about this phone.....this is epic phone at this price segment ......I think its real worth is around 10 to 15k.LOOKS(8/10)It look descent with Matt black finish......this phone is neither heavy nor light.SCREEN AND DISPLAY(8/10)Good 5 inch display......keep screen on vivid display......it looks gud.CAMERA(7/10)good in outdoor and average in poor in low light and average in artificial light.Good quality selfies.RAM AND PROCESSOR (9/10)high ram of 3gb and a descent processor...... Your phone will not hang until you have more than 20 apps running in background..... My phone hanged when I opened 23apps.USER INTERFACE(8/10)Cool UI is really cool.....new features are multitasking on same screen(run two apps same time) and c button shortcut......have some minor bugs but I think coolpad team will sort out in future.Fingerprint (9.5/10)Fingerprint sensor is better than my sister's iPhone 6.......u can lock various apps with it.......you can also open different apps using different fingers.Gaming(7/10)Low and medium graphics game can be played easily and high end games can played at medium graphics setting.Battery(8.5/10)I watched movies using earphone around 4hr 15min and still 9% battery was left.It work around 1.5 days with average use.Fast charging mode is available battery option but this option make a difference of 18 min than normal charging(while charging from 0 to 100).Some heating issue while charging and gaming but it will not have any effect if u r using a phone casePrice(10/10)U can't get these specs at 7k price tag.......it worth a lot more than 7k.for al Verdict(9/10)This is the best phone I can imagine at this price.This phone is not for hardcore gamers and selfies freaks.This phone can handle a lot of multitasking and snappy fingerprint sensor for security along with good gaming and average camera experience...... These were my requirement  in a cellphone ......so I bought this.......it has totally fulfilled my expectations.I don't know how few customers are giving a negative feedback...... Either they might have received a defective phone or they might be expecting 20 k feature in a 7k phone.First of all , iam not going to elaborate its features, but seriously friends watever features it provides, it gives me with no limitations, u'll glad to use the fon. best thing is THE SYSTEM UPDATES, wen i bought it , i was having some problems like wifi and data connection, nd i received it with "SYS V16", den i searched nd found "coolpadforums" where u can search anything related to this and most of the tym people will help u.the main thing is service, the company is regularly providing updates to the users. as i;ve old u mine was v16,den it is updated to v19, nd the phone became flawless, all issues gone, den v21 nd now v22...... And they are still trying to provide the updates.  beleive me, i have nearly used all the companiies, samsung nokia sony but didnt find any1 to work on so much for updates....  the fingerprint sensors is really awesome, i've got so used to it that now if i use someone elses mobile then i try to find the fingerprinnt scanner to unlock :-) camera is fine too.... front giving me great selfies, back is awesome..... well i wont compare with any others brands, i beleive it is unique in itself nd stand out among others with display camera fingrprnt scanner nd 3gb ram..I have purchased this phone some 20 days back and to my surprise the phone looked absolutely gorgeous at such price rangeI mean its way ahead to its competitorsGreat feature of fingerprint sensor amazing front camera good battery backup and a highly reresponsive GUIBut i was not at all satisfied with its heating issue infact you could hardly get rid of the heating sense coming from the back of the phone leading to battery discharge at a much higher rate than it shud beAnd it was the prime reason why i have returned it backAlso rear camera isnot upto the mark it lacks sharpness of the imageInfact front camera 5mp impressed me a lot than the rear one 13mp going against its numberSo if you want to purchase a value device at low range of 7k with little or no multitaskingWithout using much of a 4g  lte feature this can be your most fav machineThanks to amazon for accepting my return without any problem as they have alws emphasized on customer satisfactionThe build quality is average, cannot sustain drops so handle with care.Multimedia: in terms of multimedia features this smartphone is below average, the camera quality is below average (both front and rear shooter),the display is average with nice viewing angles, the 3.5 mm jack audio output is not very good so if u love music this phone is not for you, the inear type headphone u get has good base quality but fidelity and dynamic range is average(means not all frequencies get reproduced equally) The rear speaker sound is quite ok and pretty much loud and clear.Performance: battery is amazing lasts for one day without any problem (with wifi/data on), with gaming and hardcore usage lasts fr about 3-4 hrs. The phone interface is nice and fast and do not lag at all. So if u r a gamer with low affection towards other multimedia features this is a must buy, the phn do get heat up but with very intense use, not like yu yureka and some redmi phns which are everytime hot as hell. The phone gives a antutu score of 32000, the fingerprint scanner is flawless and very responsive. The cellular call quality is nice. The multitasking function is quite handy and the phn is fully optimised fr it.Opinion : looking at its cost and features its quite obvious that for costcutting the multimedia features were supressed, so overall its a value for money smartphone and looking at its performance its good to buy if u have a budget of 7k.Its not working with all 4g network. It is not 4g LTE phone. It has disappointed me. Better to buy some other standard phone like Moto G 3rd generation or Le-1s.BACK CAMERA IS NOT WORKINGLow budget its great phoneWorst phone....low qualityGood phone under budget...Simple and gud one........I have retrun the producktbest android in this rangeIyyappan priya18@gmail.comgood phone for that price.Nice mobile in less budgetCool like it name Otg cable sport yes and noBest paissaaa vsulll phonnAwesome Phone..Really COOLmobile is ok in this rangeGood product worth to buyBest smart phone at 6999.Good service. good phone.Battery backup is so goodNice phone camera decent.Working good . nice phonegood product in low priceLOW PRICE 3-GB RAM MOBILESound very bad for songesIts  awesome  phone......It's good for this priceTruly value for money...Sometimes it shows a lagSell start time not showHappy with the product..Working Nice! I like it!very nice... :) liked itNice phone in low budgetbattery back up is wasteNice mobile with lowcostGoodgoodgoodNicegoodHeatgoodgoodGoodGoodAwesome phone for the price.Fingerprint scanner is fabulous.No lag.Camera is decent,Looks are also nice.Delivery from amazon was also nice.Personally used & Found decent.Didn't tried Top end games but play store's high rated games runs without lag. Must Go for it.Not As good as this smart phone time. no working like mobile have 3 GB ram. also battery and smoothness performance is not good of mobileWast!  Wast!  Wast!  Total wast of money,  not true 3gb ram,  and take very heat batrry is dumb you cant use while charging.  Do not buyReceive  the phone today packing  as expected from amazon. Now coming to the product is awesome front camera is nice back camera not as expected but fine phone speed is really good 3 gb ram awesome processor is also good. Now coming to the gaming experince is phenominal because mali t720 alows you to play high end games like asphalt 8 nova 3 nfs most wanted wwe immortals and many games storage is really good i got 10 gb which is good charging time really sucks i takes around 5 hours to charge if you are working on phone but it takes around 4 hours when you are not working on it everything is awesome in this phone but little disappointed with charging time but  dude its 7000rs and its all worth. So this is my review hope this work for everyone. Otherwise go for it its a good phone.camera working to worstback camera not workinggood ...value for moneyValue for money productGreat great phonehighest heating problemworking very good!!!!!!This price better phoneExcellent for the priceNot as good as expectedBattery life very poor.Budget price good phoneAWESOME PHONE UNDER 7 KBettry Charge very slownice mobile phoneI just love this phone.Really magazine productgood cell in lower rateVery nice..Budget phoneIts a amazing mobile...Gud phone for the priceVery Nice and smooth...It has heating problem.so cool.. lite weightThe only good thing about this mobile set is its fingerprint lock system. It looks very "cheap" in hand, design and finishing is very bad. Screen quality is also very poor. The worst part is its camera, though its claim to be 13MP and 5MP respectively, when you actually click the photo; you will have hard time recognizing the person! If you know about the adhaar card, voter id photo, you will understand what I am talking about. Though front camera is somewhat okay but camera has lots of features. Battery takes very long time to recharge. It looks very "ugly" in your hand, if you are looking for well designed phone, never ever think about  coolpad note 3 lite. There are many better phones in the market in this price range, I am not naming those but I am quite sure you know them.SmoothbeautifulRear camera very poorgood phone im rs 7000Phone was very good..good phone good priceMobile second SIM slot is not working... All other features are goodHeadphone not workingin 7000 Rs allmost ok..nice...very ...niceVery good note 3 liteCamera is not goodOssom mobile phoneits total waste...Very good handset.very good.....!!!!GOOD PHONE CAN BUYCamera is not workBest for the pricei love it. awesomeExcept camera 3/10Excellent productCharger defectiveExcellent productzing zing amazingNice Coolpad noteVery nice protectVery Smart MobileIt work very fast3rd class productBadavara Badami..Some issues thereBest Budget Phonenice one product.very good productGood budget phoneThis is very goodNot bill receivedvery good productjust ok not good.Best mobile phoneGood product.  Worth for price..value for money..Very Good Productbest mobile in 7ksuper performancevery good productCamera is very poor ....  there is lag while opening application...takes time 4 chargingGrab it immediately  it is working fantastically. Its features  are equal to 25000 worthExcellent phone by all means at this price...bought it for my husband...he loved it tooAweomeExcellent product!!!!! with superb camra quality ....Phone is awsomeVery Nice Phone.........Be coolNicePhone was good, internet connection was good, Camera had manufacturing defect, so ordered for replacement. Amazon service is good.Touch is extremely bad. Do not buyGreatThe phone is worth the price paid ! Absolute value for money.Best mobile everVery good mobileawesome phone...It's very good..Excellent phone.Getting notifications while only charged 28% and take many hours for full charge.Worth of 100%money,just 3days delivery in Kerala. I am very happy. Thanks Amazon.Its good phone.But Not as good as I think.Camera very average and when I click any photo its backside too much heating and no other option in camera setting.So I have partially satisfied From #Coolpad India product.Just see what's is going on. And also Amazon company doing fake in my purchasing.I was ordered India production but Company given China product,So I will returned this one within 7days to amazon.Being  windows phone user, I am telling this phone is just awesome in this price segment. I bought it for my sister. I was bit scared about touch quality. But after using the phone, only i can say is this phone is really awesome. Giving 4 start because earphone is very-very cheap quality. It looks like they got it from road side subway and packed. Rest everything is nice. Few applications are pr-einstalled.Battery is also cool. Finger print, camera is also good in this segment.Go for it...Coolpad note3 lite phone is slowly charging and heat,there is no battery backup.Excellent phoneGot yesterday .. So far going great , RAM and Fingerprint sensor are awesome . Hope its performance sustains for a long period of time and done show up as normal chinese sets. Little intermittent heating near finger print sensor , don't know the reason .Regarding packaging , Coolpad have done their job perfectly but somewhere AMAZON did not show upto their normal/standard expectation. Amazon packaging was ok ok ..Thanks coolpad and amazon !As a first impression, it appeared a great phone for that price range. But the dismay caused by this mobile is irredeemable.Cons:- Camera is the WORST on the face of Earth- Heating problem is terribly annoying- Performance is mediocre compared to Coolpad Notepad 3- 3GB RAM is a JokePros:- Could have been the Price but not worth anymoreNote: Instead go for Coolpad Note 3 but NOT Coolpad Note 3 LITE.Nice features.. Working above expectation.Amazon delivery was fast.All the features of the phone are really good. It did not cause any problem as yet (after 4 days of use). Some problems that may be an issue to some people are, The camera quality is not up to the mark. The one thing that every user of this phone would hate is that it charges SUPER SLOW! And by super slow I mean way too slow! The screen guard provided with it is not that good but it's usable. Very fast delivery by Amazon and the product was really well packed.Perfect phone in perfect budget, using from yesterday,prossuper touch you can feel it.Display also good.Battery back is also good will easily stand a day.No issue in multi tasking.Do not feel any heating issue while using contentiously more than 3 hrs.Premium look.Cons.Camera is good but not excellent in low light may be updates will fix it.Back buttons should be backlitOver all good deal.third classs product delivered by amazonproduct is defectiveGood Phone in this price . Loving all features. Till now no issue found.Guys . it's been about 2 weeks I am using this phone. I generally am very conservative on giving 5 star but there is nothing better or more that one can expect at this price range.I was inclined to bye the one plus x . but on reading this phone reviews went for this one. And you don't regret at all. Don't know what makes the other guys give anything less than 3 stars for this phone. What do you want at 7 k. It's no less than any 20k premium phoneIt is a good buy.The phone  didn't  get hot while  doing  multi tasking  and charging.Camera  quality  is surprisingly  good. Front  camera  out performs,  camera of le. Eco 1sBattery is decent, performance  improves after Installed apps get upgraded version.I was delighted to buy because coolpad  has service  centre  in my city.UI is straight  forward , and has useful  installed  apps,  like watsapp,  Facebook, etcCool Darling!!awesome mobileUI is very badAmazing mobileBest in budjetAwesome phone.Awsome productAwesome mobile for just 6999... No second thought just go for it...pros:configperformancecons:heating too muchCamera intex ur lava ke mobile jesa avrage he  baki sab all is goodI got Coolpad Note 3 Lite (Glacier White) yesterday. The features is as good as described by Amazon & Seller.But Display quality is VERY VERY VERY CHEAP & POOR.Screen is very BLACK (as described by all Customers). The Picture and Camera QUALITY VERY BED.I am going to return this product so please don't buy this product.Except this overall good product but main part is screen.So it is not adviceableA nice smartphone which works goodPlenty of RAM is capable of giving outstanding performanceNice display.  Camera is also very good2500 mah battery is enough for a day or twoMarvelous fingerprint sensor gives it a different place among other smartphoneBut still low points areHuge charging time & heating problemFor reducing charging time you can use other charger of a little high powerThis phone is very bad. Not purchase it.How many times i complained about these bad features, in customer care no body taken action of my complaints1. Heating problems2. Automatic Switch off in every hours3. Touch is not good4. Phone body not safe5. Speaker is not good6. Battery life is no longer7. Less features8. Pictures quality is not good9. Vedio quality is poorProduct comes in damaged condition.. Please don't buy this phone..Fon is nyc using from 7 days. Waao features in this price segment. Looks average not so gud. UI is laggy and not so user friendly or customizable. Battery backup n response is ok. Camera not so gud,  i have used yuphoria(same price 8+5 MP cam),  but coolpad camera is no where touch that feel.  Yuphoria,'s cam is far better. So if u r a camera person,  this fon is not for you.  Hope to get better results in future updates.After using the phone its superb..... Just fabulous..... Fantastic..... Superb.... I dnt know what else to say.... According to my usage thumbs uoEvery one would first see the cons n dnt suggest that you should buy this phone. But ignoring the battery, everything i mean everything is very efficieng, even the camera is acceptable...1 con i faced is battery life is not as expected and long charging timesBest phone in this price range. I bought the black colour one. Cool ui is the clone of MI ui i felt. camera, sound quality is not bad, screen clarity is rally good, pretty fast as it's with 3GB ram. also providing expandable memory option. fingerprint scanner is working perfect. got software update when i connected to wifi. it's heating up the sensor area while rebooting the device. build quality is really good.  Thanks.Only camera is good wroste phone in world plz dont buy this phoneCoolpad Note 3 Lite is best phone in this range, Quality is good.Good phoneDull display.Worth for 7kGood phone...good product.all are good.Very nice ...Nice phone !!Faulty mobilecharging slowAwesome phoneIts wonderfulTempers glassGood Product.Good Mobile..best in classNice phone...ITS VERY GOODQuality  poorits cooooolllAwesome phoneHeating issueSuperb mobileAwesome phoneAt the outset I would like to highlight the fact that everything that was claimed for phone is a lie!Now, Even AMAZON has acknowledged it as they have too started to send direct refunds (earlier they were only replacing). All our mental fears from a Chinese product come true with this. camera quality, material, UI, Touch, Battery (can say it is the worst ever) all have major issues.No other company give you that features in this price. RangeI don't like phone design  Camara  not great  average,  battery  charge take  4 hours. Need fast charger.  Using Camara and games app  device  heating . Display  clarity  improved after  v25 update . Advantage is  we ad theme and change font style and more options. Working smooth  Hope device  improved  after marshmallow update I'm waiting for mm updates. in 7 k good phone  so giving 4 star rating...next phone is MotorolaThis is my first review at amazon...just write abt phone....finger print sensor is the main feature of the phone at reasonable price....camera quality is very good...no battery drain problem....I am very happy to have a phone like this at 7K....Guys just go for it....Phone recevied today.. really looks amazing. Build quality good. performance superb. no lagging at all. just camera performance is decent , dont expect too much of camera. viewing angles are nice.onr word phone is just amazing for this price segment. go for it..These are the problems i faced with this phone..Constraints:1.Phone Gets Heated up when we play game for about 15 to 20 min..2.Camera is Avg..3.Battery backup is not up to mark...4.First Check whether sim 2 slot working or not.  But the remaining features are Simply Amazing........GUYS PLEASE MAKE SURE THAT THE PRODUCTS FULFILLED BY AMAZON HAVING ONLY REPLACEMENT..(NO REFUND)Camera quality is bad.Rest good phone under 7k.Nice productSuparb phoneGood Phone..Good productgood productService poorOver heatingGood productWorst mobileworst amazonClassy PhoneCamera wastegood futuresGood prodectSuper Cool..good qualitysuprbb phoneGood productworking fineNice productVery bad display qualityCoolpad products wrong information showingsCamera's not 13 and 5mega pixelsThis cheating coolpad and Amazon site not certified camera's.Don't purchase coolpad products........Nice product this price and good model of this sizeFront camera five star, but main camera is not goodCamera is not working properly, touch response is bad, particulrly the lower most icons.Its getting heated up very soon.. Not safe to use..I am many time calling in your help line.regarding faulty handset deliverd by you (coolpad note 3 lite)camra quality is very poor like ordnery Mobile,when i taking picture no real colour show ,all picture in black shade.sd card slote also not working when insert sd card,so kindly look into matter as asap and refund the amount in my account,My friends there are many reviews showing several problems. Don't listen to them. Just go ahead. Don't hesitate. But it takes more time for charging. U can't expect all features in such priceOver all nice mobile phoneGuys don't purchase this product.Phone is taking long time to charge.Getting very very heat for 5 min of call.Sound quality is very very low.And Amazon is not ready to refund the product.This is a good phone. I don't find any negative side to this phone. The battery is good finger print sensor is super fast. It  reads your finger print just like that. Ram is fast no hang problem.And  the biggerpart is that it is often getting system updates for fixing any bugs so i think there is nothing to worry about this phoneHeating problem while surfing or playing games....Very very poor quality. Hangs as and when. Screen goes blank. Heats up as if it will explode. Don't get fooled by specs. Bureau of Indian standards is sleeping. This quality of phones should not be allowed. Even Amazon is only profiteering and has no policy to check the specs conformity to mobile standards. DON'T BUY at all.it is good.BUT batterylife is just okkk...gud productItem is gudGreat phonesuperb.....Good mobileNice mobileGood One...Good mobileHeat issuseGud productGood phone.GOOD MOBILEreally coolGood mobileOutstandingGood Use...Nice Mobileits awesomeNice mibileGood mobileGood phone.Osm productsuper phonegood mobileOutstandingSuper phoneExcellent!!Dot notworkI like thisgood mobailGood phone.Nice mobileGood  phoneBest phone in the budget of 7000, ohh sorry, 6999.Performance is superr, love this device.Battery backup is at top compared to samsung and other branded mobiles.COOLPAD rocksss...Just after two months of use the speaker stopped working.(Unable to hear call).Well there are no service centers around(only a couple in each state). God knows when I will visit and how they responds.Overall Coolpad sucks.Mi 4i is much better(have been using for 1 year). Even Lenovo K4 note seems better.Awesome Phone In this range.Anybody Going for it can buy it without any second opinion.Pros:-Good Battery LifeDisplay GoodSound Quality- AverageEarphone Quality- GoodAverage DesignFinger Print Sensor- ExcellentOnly 10gb is user availableoverall7.5/10AwesomePros,1. Very fast even after installing many applications and gamesCons1. Voice quality is not good while making voice calls and skype calls. Im sure you will need another phone to make voice calls.2. Back camera quality is not good, it looks like 2MP camera3. Heating up very quicklyVolume key is so delicate and difficult to use.Camera not good both side rest functions are okat this price its excellent, no other brand is giving these specs at this pricepros..ram, screen, biometric, internal memory, cameracons..only that the battery is non removableevrything else is very good, i strongly recommend it to anyone, coz its the best in this price range.Super Mobile, no problems, I liked this mobileAmazing mobile I just loving it thank u Amazoncoolpad note3 lite very smart phone is so goodmobile is vry vry good but battry its some badas usual its very amazing service by amazon.phone is good look wise n performance wise n upto now i hadnt exp heating issues,batery is weak doesnt stay long,one sim is only 4g n other is 2g,camera is very very bad awkward n it seems only 1 mp thing,.if looking for budget one thn ok,other wise go for upper end.Great features with excellent value for moneyVery bad product this very bad battery backupGood phoneBest phoneGood phoneGood phonenice phoneOkay okay.Nice phoneGood PhoneNice phoneGenius....Nice phoneNice phoneNice phoneGood phoneNice phonenice phoneNice phonevery good.Good phoneFour starsNice phoneNice phoneBest phoneGood PhoneBest phoneGood phonenice phoneVery  goodVGood dealGood phonePoor.  Has manufacture defect in bootingbattery is not so good camera is not good it like 5 MP camera screen resolution is not good ......Worst  quality display..  colours are too dark &  saturation is too high.  If we compare with other phone then we came to know how it's display quality is.  Rest all is superb.  Fp sensor works great & Camera is too good in light.I think display is good in White variant.This phone have a couple of issues first is battery, It will take around 6-7 hrs to fully charge this phone and this is ridiculous. second one is heating problem so I would say guys please do not buy this Ghatiya phone. I am very disappointed after buying this dabba phone.poor camera both front & back & displayCool pad note3 lite mobile buy problemsThis is desktop error please replace itFantastic mobile.  Only drawbacks are that it takes quite a while to charge up fully and  customized back panels are nowhere to be found. Hasn't  lagged for a moment till now,  handles games like a pro and decent battery backup.  Overall,  a good purchase from the seller.Really ...really a worst mobile of 2016 and it is not at all worthy Chinese good... Chiii I hate it most........  Even it doesn't deserve any stars.......hoping a new way to get rid of this'''''',VGA cams,lags in software... As rating is mandatory 1 star have been allotedIt is not a coolpad it is a hot pad.....the phone is heating very high when using.dont buy it.M more than satishfy with it... Very gud. Everything is fine, nothing to complain. The finger print sensor is butter smooth... Camera could b better...This mobile is more and more battery consumer. It has number of features but due to consuming more and more charging and on the time of Internet data on it will be heat. So suggest that don't purchase this mobile. If you purchase it you have to purchase power bank also.Coolpad note3 lite it is really nice battery backup...camera was not good 13mp...front 5 mp....but internet usage was too good....video clarity was OK....Its ok but battery is not removable...It is not 4G LTE  Volte it is just 4G.  It does not support 4G sim.  I inserted a 4G LTE sim of Reliance JIO employees sim and it did not worked.  Further i in vestigated and found that it is not an LTE  Volte compatible phone it is just 4G. Almost wasted my money..Very nice phone in budget price. You feel happy while using the phone. But, when compared to other brand mobiles like Apple,Motrorola, you may feel little bit discrapency in UI and touch feel.Overall, this phone is awesome and happily gifting to my wife.Giving 1 star due to the biggest weak points - lacking to support more than 4 digit PIN or password features. I purchased this to use/configure it for my corporate mails (exchange server) which needs either min 5 digit PIN or min 6 digit password for security compliance, but coolpad note 3/Lite do not support both requirements (it supports only 4 digit PIN & NO OPTION for password).Rest all features/things may be good in this handset which are shown in different reviews and may be 4 stars can be given for them.So if coolpad can support/improve/give corrections/update for this issue, I will be highly thankful else its of not much use for me.Also one more issue found today , its not connecting to office/corporate WiFi (while connects with data card wifi) . Guess security concerns with this vendor/model. Feeling very Sorry now to have purchased this !!!the phone is quite handy and light weight. plastic body. camera is decent not very good.fingerprint sensor is working well.display is not good. sound is really poor. coolpad should use any other speakers to improve its sound.and display needs to be improvedGadget was really cool for 5 to 6 days but then glitch in software started like can't open message, set would hang, the touch would automatically go on and so  on . I really think  this brand is not worth purchasing  as its not meeting theCompliance of useeWorks perfectly for Wifi but dosent work at all for mobile data. Please avoid this phoneThis product body doesn't meets as per given specs,  such as camera front and back boths are degraded.  If you are looking a smart phone with better camera quality,  then I suggest do not go with this product.Body build is also not good as compare to redmiNice phone nd yes better than samsungPhone has some serious charging issue.. it is nearly 6 hrs.. phone is not charged after it discharged while using it even when connected to charger..don't buy.....1.battery problem2.charging problem3.processing also trouble4. very important service center & servicingWorst experience.. Unhappy with the service. Disappointments. No improvements on the order placed on 3rd March. Seems a hype given for this Flash sale. doubt whether you have the product intact or not. i would never suggest for amazon in future for anyone...ExcellentThank YouVery goodVery goodVery goodVery goodNot worthMade in ?It's goodBest coolExcellentIt's goodgood one.very goodSatisfiedVery goodIt's besti love itVery nicenice lookGud phoneVery gud awesum phne at this price gud octacore mediatek processor 13 mp back and 5 mp front cameracamera 3 gb ram hd display 16gb internal memrymemrywat else u want at dis price and very thankful to amazon for ooriginal product AND VERY IMP MADE IN INDIABest camera quality and all featuresawesome mobile for the chepest priceBattery is too bad, and over hittingAvg camera and remaining all superThe older brother of this phone Coolpad note 3 was pretty good as one of my friend using that. So i thought to buy this phone, a so-called lite version. The most impressive part of the phone is fingerprint scanner (it is quick like lightning), and whooping 3gb ram. But here comes the twist in the tale, even though they've given 13 mp rare camera and 5mp front camera, it's not that of exciting wow awesome kind but still good ( the photo, before and after the capture are absolutely different pictures all together... It gets better after clicking... So in order to check quality of camera, click a pic and don't judge by it's preview before capturing). And the UI, it has some issues... It doesn't even have a simple setting to set 3g only or 4g only network... Also the famous auto start manager of lollipop is missing... I wouldn't recommend if you wanna it "ONLY" for camera...But if camera isn't your priority then go for it...Heating very fast. Just after 30 min of WiFi usage, the upper part of the phone which goes towards ear was too hot to touch the ear.Is everything is OK but the display is very poor colors & contrast is not in balanced. Version updates haven't allowed by phone which have dicribed in product description  also rear  camara quality is not that muchSounds is  super excitedHi guys believe it is a aswome smart phone with this range.I used this since 1 month there is no any type of issue arise in this phone..so I suggest any every one if u want to buy this phone then go for it blindly.with out any hesitation.battery charging issuedisplay not showing natural colourscamera is not goodoverall good deal but have some issues as mentioned abovefingerprint sensor is awesomeno lags in uses works fluentlyUI is goodGood phone at range of 7 thousandCould make it's build much betterPoor Battery n Camera PerformanceNic mobile coolpadReceived my cool pad note 3 lite today, I'm happy with all its features. The scratch card came along with the mobile is waste..At 7k this is the only fully loaded phone one can buy!  Display is something I would rate 3.5 out of 5. Otherwise everything else is perfect... Finger print scanner works like charm. 3 gb RAM what more can be asked? Battery is good.It's not a coolpad ,it's hotpad......as compare to cool pad note 3, LITE is really light. it's camera performance is worst. heating problem is also inbuilt.v027 update has improved the battery performance, display and camera. Gives smooth performance and had not faced any heating issues till now. It charges a bit slow but battery lasts for whole day. Best phone in this price range.I have got one three days back & having an awesome experience. Too good to handle. Those who are giving lesser rating are naive, either they don't have any knowledge to handle a heavy speced phone or they are screwing the phone.Timely delivered by Amazon..thank you.... At this price tag this phone has good package..but it is only for novices...who are first time upgrading to smart phones. Any way one of the best Value for money product from Coolpad....Coolpad note 3 lite is really amazing with great features.....I found only 2 problems1.It takes more time to get fully charged..2.It gets heated very soon...Plz optimise/resolve these two issues ..Awesome phone for 7000.battery needs to be better but everything else is good.  Camera feels a little bit cheapest.  But the cost of the phone and every other feature is way too good.  This phone would easily sell 3x it's cost.Hi,I have ordered coolpad note 3 lite few months ago after using it i like the product. Camera quality is good but delivery time of amazon is too slow i received the product in 7 days overall it is good as expected.Not goodnot goodNice onegood oneNot goodIts niceIts goodMy uncleFake badVery badNot good charging isuGood oneHorribleits goodgood oneJust ok.Not goodNice oneNo phoneGud itemAcha haiblack okNice oneIts niceCool padSuperb..nice fonExcelentAmezhingGood oneit worthSo SweetNice oneFabolousgood onegreat...Great...nice oneVerygoodnice oneNice product,but battary 2500 mah+ 5" display agar 4000 mah battery our display 5.5" Hota to aur fine rahtaHitting problem battery life is two short that I can't expect for this mobile it's work like 1500 lithium battery, product processing is good all apps are running smoothly only battery not supported as per my normal use.Works great......Fingerprint scanner works fine....Only problem is that it takes a lot of time to get fully charged.. And the phone become hot like real hot that u can't hold it ,while playing big games.....7000/ ki price mai Best mobile  hai, fingerprint sensor best nd 3gb RAM best I think best mobile..... Nd touch veri nice.... Pura pesa vasul mobile lene ke baad bilkul nai akhrega kuch puchna ho to call kare 9461369511Extremely happy with the phonePhone is very good but heatingThe phone has Sim 2 error,,,,,Yaar coolpad note 3 lite maat late please request ha bad camera and resolution bakar ha battery backup  or charge very slow full charging 3hrs continueResolution 7201280 ha screen brightness so cheap quality haEverything is awesome but a most important thing is very very bad.. This phone getting hang..  Too much irritatingPoor product, not a switch off, nd switch on stuck the phone totally, its delivery at my home since 2'o click problem is coming in two hours(5'o clock), the settings are checked then suddenly stop nd stuck totally...Heating and hanging problem...Plz not go for this...If possible avoid it...I bought 3 phones from Amazon ...This is first time ever I faced problem....I wanna return it.....Dosto isse bura phone or koi nhi ho sakta maine kai handset use kar liya par coolpad ke saath bahut bura anubhav raha agar lene ki soch raha hai to kirpya na le nhi to baad me pachtoge aage aapki margiAfter 3 months using this device, my experience is that battery is very poor and lot of heating, camera is average performance like 5 MP.two star for device performance and fingerprint senser only.Awesome phone with affordable price...front camera is giving splendid performance...Display-3.5 starSpeed-4.2starCamera-4.4starBattery-4 starMusic-4.5starOut of 5Pro's :Super FasttttBattery lifeCameraSuper Touch (Feather Lite)Stylish,Sleek and Golden Belt around mobileGood Ear phonesAwesome Finger touch unlockFree Scratch guardCon'sObservation :Comes with 9GB Internal SPaceCharging Slot given in left side of device and USB Pin is reversed .Phone is looking good but no battery back up and camera is also not good,  if you juzt want a good looking mobile go with it if not there is nothing to show intrest on it except fingureprint sensorI was double minded to buu this phone...but aftr usng it for past 2 dys...i find it amazng...so many features..and works amazingly...fingrprnt lck is vry gd...if u want a phn at 7k..just go for itUsed to very hetted this mobile phone and change colour black dilvary but i have white phone yr......  Pleze, chenge my coolpad note3 lite black I have coolpad note 3 lite white piceNo doubt really one of best gadget in budget... They only need to work on email as I can see all my spam mail and inbox mail together. I would really appreciate if they fix this in next update.AverageSupperbit goodIts ok.Nice...awesomeNice...amazingJust okAwesomegud oneawesomeawesomeawesomeAwesomeBuy nowaverageNot badso goodaveragelike itlove itAvarageCoolpadawesomearavindso niceawesomeawesomeAwesomePhone is good, but when i bought it was supposed to have a magnetometer/compass, which it obviously does not. So be prepared to face problems when uaing this phone for navigation purposes.Touch and finger scanner is amazing.Build quality at this price is okay.Screen display is okay but not upto the mark.Installed almost 30 application today and there was a little lag.Camera is not good as in dark it starts showing blur but in bright light its okay.Startup sound is same like cheap china phone that could have been different so i have muted the startup sound.Sound quality is not good as its seems only tweeter is playing.Non removable battery, in case the mobile gets hang there is no option to remove battery.Earphone volume is too low.Overall its a budget phone, can be used for 3-4 months and get new one.The product is not up to the mark as per given specificationsCamera - 1 star ,worst , both front and rear.Touch- 2 starProduct quality-1 starBuild quality- 2star.Good phone, but ok camerain 3G phone get more heat     Dont buy this productTotally waste of moneycamera and display has poor qualityCoolpad Note 3 Lite : is really not at all good for Photo & Videos, it doesn't look like 13 mp Smart Phone. I think company might have manipulated with 3 mp as 13 mega pixel Smat phone.It fits to all requirement, and does not dissappoint you in any area whether gaming picture quality camera quality all good....coolapps are good inbuilt need updates for more bettermentthw worst thing about is the camera yk dam bakwas bekar photo, the pitcher is like of a 2-3 megapixel camera very grainy very noisy if you want a good camera phone then do not buy thisCharging problem.Taking 3 hours for full charging.Shown to customer care they have changed the adopter but problem remains same.Now cant return the product also.It's the worst mobileBecause it doesn't work.Daily 4 are 5 times switched off for InternetAnd the ringtone start low volumeCemera clarity is not goodThough the delivery and packing is as expected from Amazon, the phone is defective, it's a dual sim phone  but only one sim works, and the phone is sent back for replacementDont buy worst phone 7000 is amazon price. 1 days old i will give your it on 6500Its damaged set, dual sim not working .. camera also not clear compared with same model mobile pictureis so different . This is first time i faced this type of issue.thanksHi battery backup is properly not there and there is no 13 MP camera any setting is there pls tel me emidiatly respond to my problem my mail ID anilkumarchinthoju@gmail.comNice 4G Budget Phone..I like the Product.. every thing as per Amazon Review..only mistake is low battery back up..I Defiantly Recommend to Buy with One - Two year Hold..!!its a completely waste of all, time, money and a huge part of hope, they show 13MP camera but in real it show vga quality.i just suggest to all plz dnt buy this,,,,,I just love this mobile in spite of some issues... Every mobile has its own pros and cons... So I don't mind about small issues...It's the best mobile for normal user...Amazing Phone, Everything Works Fine . 2.4GB Ram Always Free And 10.88 GB ROM is available for Apps . Camera 13MP and 5MP is Super. Overall Better Then Mi at this price.Its an awesome mobile.... Having lots of feature.... But it was not as like as my expection.... Only the slow charging problem is there.... Otherwise its awesome........very good perfermance ,with 13 mgpxl rear  camera and 5 mgpxl front camera  ,outstanding ram and 16 gb internal storage with 3gb ram ,so cool figerprint is awesome.....Is it 2500mah battery!!!!!  battery backup is very weak, but phone is cool.... Im not satisfied with its weak battery.... Coolpad improve your battery life please.....Very good smartphone in budget.UI and fonts could have been better. Also it heats very quickly. Other than that its a worthy phone (not if you are a gamer)Other wise it was niceBattery charging issueNo buying option foundIf you are looking for under 10k mobile then coolpad is best!!!! Only 1 thing that is not good....its rear camera ...its average not very good but front is very niceIt's hanging and many problems I am after using 6 days......sometimes phone speaker is not working,,, music player is not responding and loud speaker is not good....Mbl is awesome.design,features n much more.but d only oblm m facing is battery.I need to charge mbl by switching off :( wen d mbl is on its not gtng charged.pls hlpIt's a budget phone, which is full of several function.Only cons is resolution is very bad.Rest thing is great.So in Rs. 7000, it's a great deal.Don't buy very slow phone and 5-6 hours to take battery charging. No solution on Coolpad care and they says no part available and take 15-45 days for normal faultCoolpad note 3 lite specifications states that it is giving 3GB RAM whereas it works worse than 1GB...It is a China product and I suggest not to buy this mobile..Cam clarity was not as expected it seems like pixels were looking to be as broken image,while using flash only we are able to see the actual colour of the object.nice budget phone ,no problems ,only ui problems ,after updates it's good need another camera app ,gaming is very good ,no heat problems, finger print is awesomeReally superb mobile  the F.P sensor working sooo fast in a fraction of seconds,the front cam is that as suitable for selfieeaas....Best for price Thanks Amazon.I heartely thank you.not good pls dont buySim2 slot not workingInternet not working.Okay phone.. With lots of features but.. Very poor camera. If ur a camera person.. Then don't go for  this phone.. Its 13 mp is like 3mp. Horrible camera!product is great for the price of 7000.expect os update regularly and more so about android marshmallow.hope coolpad come true to expectation.Good choice for  budget smartphone seeker. Only lacks on battery charging front,takes 4-5 hours for charging, may be a 2Amp will do. Rest is working fine.There is a pre installed  application"wireles update"Which may control our phone without our permissionIts a malwareSo take careCons:Battery backup low.Some Heating issue.Pro:Fingerprint sensor.Looks good.Camera good.Some features are good.Good mobile in rangeagreat productafter 3 days use,phone is good in this price range but vibration is very vary bad and hard,lot of sound when vibrate.so i m giving 3 stars to this phone.very nice phone with a whole lot of features and specs at a very attractive price. was one of the lucky person to book the phone on the first sale itselfIn this price segment, this is the best phone to buy in a market right now. You can't ask for more in this price. And yes, this phone works like a dream.Its great......and the black colour is also awesome...go for itTheir is a little heating problem in this phone and after 15 days itself  the back cam is giving blurred images so little bit disappointed with itIf u are searching for a budget smartphone then this one is a killer.its camera is even better than xiaomi redmi note 3(personal experience)nice product at nice price good phone with lots of pros then cons very useful if you have modrate use of mobile good phone phone for average userThe looks good but While using the phone problem Will Come outRear camera is that much good as it is 13 mp an heating issueBrilliant phone at this price. Super fast processor.  Excellent display. Sound is ok otherwise brilliant phone. Must go for this at this price.Superb Phone within such Price Range. Look is what attract me Most. Camera Clarity is Good. No lag issue.  I recommend this phone for Everyones it is good but not awesome its taking much time to chargeGood Product.FingerPrint sensor working very well but camera(13MP) quality is too bad as you think it is similar to 5.0 MP......good phone at low cost,orderded on 04.02.2016,received on 07.02.2016.camera good in outdoor,finger print option fantastic,useful.Amazing phone it as long lasting battery fast charging mode excellent cemera quality7 k thousand phone is veeeeery gooooodi am not satisfied with this,too much heating issueCharging time very Long... it's take 5-6 hours to fully charged.  All our mobile is good Qualities.Only Charging problem.Definitely the CN3L is very good value for money spent, and it was delivered earlier than expected. Thumbs up all along so far.CHARGING PROBLAMBest in price...very hangy phoneGood mobilephoneDesign is not unique average style. TFT skin so resolution is average. Latest technology. Good but not too god. Price is okay.great10/10its as a best in class features it comes with 3 gb ram with is useful to perform multi tasking...and camera quality is betterPlzzz send me new bill, mobile band ho gaya apne aap or service centre m gaya to usne bola ki bill m kuch dikhai nahi de rahaReally a good Mobile in Low Range.It is better to send the Flip Cover with the Mobile for safety.Picture Quality is verygood.Working well but there are some drawbacks on thisbphone like  bottom buttons are not get light and the fp sencer working wellYesterday I got the  coolpad delivery..it was too worst.package contains only mobile ,charger,manual,ear phone was missing..No it didnt meet my expectations.It is taking nearly 7-8hours to charge completely and it is getting discharged very fastly.Its an average phone not too good so slow camera clarity not good heating problem after few days service issue so don't buy phone was not work proper from day oneDecent phone e in this price range. Average camera but look is premium. Ui is good but icon finishing is not up to the mark.great featuresGood conditionGrt feature...It was good that amazon gave me replacement, for the first order this phone had heating issue well you couldn't belive even the second phone has is heating issue while playing game for ten minutes and even watching videos.Im really not sure what to do, amazon will not give  me refund. If they do i will glad. And buy different make.PleaseExcellent phone. The configuration of the phone at this cost is awesome. Camera is excellent, speed is excellent.There was some problem with back cover of this phone I received. Returned it. Will order same in next flash sale.Tis mobile is problem pls dont buy it...  while calling and browsing time mobile s very heating.. Waste cant useBloody hell... Started giving problems after 3 months of purchase.. Started getting heat and doesn't change wellThe phone is great for playing games and multitasking. Its battery backup is also good and camera quality is ok.Good product in this price range,  only worried is taking min 3-4hrs for full charging rest every thing is good.Awesome phone. No one in market can beat it in this price range. Fully satisfied. Awesome delivery by Bluedart.Total value for money. I am writing this review after 2 months of usage. During this time, never had a single incidence of phone hanging. Never overheat. Battery life is descent. Left with about 30% of juice after a light to medium usage. Finger print sensor is as quick as it can get. Cant expect better than this. Highly recommended...Worst phone that I have never seen in my life battery back up is very poor and heating soo much please don't buy this productAt 7k it's a wonderful phone...paisa wasool phone using from last 4 weeks and not a single complaint at all...Best phone i've ever use... Heating problem is there... But now i'm just waiting for the OTA Android M update.Mobile phone arrived 2 days before (expected date) and so far it's working fine .I didn't  observed any issue.Camera quality is good,nice look but fingerprint lock takes 1-2 sec to open  overall it is best phone at 7000This phone is better but the camera is very low quality and they like rear and front camera just 1 megapixalNice phone looking nice and also good features like finger print  buy it cool pad lite in small budget phoneThis phone is good, fast and speedy. Camera shutter speed is slow and Fingerprint is fast and very accurate.Do not buy this mobile it take 4-5 hr to charge 100%  battery but other function are good in this mobilegood product and nice performance giving back. nice screen resolution i am very satisfiying this productI have bought that Phone impressed by its features but guys dont go for it just on features.screen display is poor PPI is very less.l and back camera is ordinary,front camera is good. Finger sensor is good but not very useful. Overall phone is ordinary. Go for some branded phone  when u ready to spend 7-8k.Very very nice mobile and its furure is beautiful and mobile price is also small 6999 is not more priceNice mobile ..with great feature... nice camera..... gud backup.....most important within price....7000phone is good but some time touch not work properly ...there is three GB RAM but however phone is slowGood smart phone. Easy to use, options and optimized wireless update too good.coolpad very low price.After almost a month it is not working. It was very slow phone. Now i am taking it to service center.It is very good phone with good price. Running very smooth. Fingerprint scanner is running very fast.In lowest price this phone  is good for all.but service centre is nesesarry to for better service ...GoodGoodGoodGoodGoodGoodGoodGoodGoodniceOsumGoodGoodGoodcoolGoodGoodgoodGoodgoodGoodGoodnicegoodniceGoodgoodCOOLniceniceGoodGoodNiceGoodNicegoodGoodGoodNiceNICEYesterday  i have received  this mobile, up to now i didn't face any problem, every  thing goodMy experience with this mobile phone was not good.. it lasted for only around 12 hours.. it suddenly became dead ..so i returned this..but i am not saying this mobile phone company is bad..one of my friend is already using coolpad smartphone and he is very much satisfied..Mere pass h ye mobile....bhut badhiya mobile h bhaiyo ankh bnd krke kharid dalo..superb. PhoneVery fast delivery by Amazon Very good phone for this price rangeGood batry backup osm phone  im loveGo for itAmazing device.It'all performance is very very good.in this price it is very best smart phone.I used the phone for one day after receiving yesterday.Phone is awesome as most of the positives covered by the users already posted.First i have installed the updates immediately after receipt of the phone.Some of my observations for the points which was mentioned as bad reviews.1.Battery  Battery is good and is standing for more than 1 days normal usage.2.Phone not heating  Just warming3. Somebody mentioned 4g working only in sim 1   I confirm both slots having 4g capacity, but u can use one at a time. There is option to change it in notification screen4. Free Screen guard provided is not worthy.5. Camera works good. it is better in 10k range segment. .Selfie camera is excellentI bought it yesterday and the prize was 8499. Today it reduced to 6999 .what the heck is thisNice product in this price, just display left me with disappointment. Elase good deal in 6999its very bad mobile phone do not buy it camera quality is not good poor battery wastage moneyThank you for giving the such a wonderful mobile with affordable price. Realy awesome amazon.At 7k with cool ui. it is the best. but still i think it's need to loaded with gorilla glass.good mobileWaste modelgood mobileNICE MOBILENice mobileawesome mobile in such a lowest price in comparison of any other mobile of any other companyphone is ok . but battery issue and hanging problemplease do not purchase this productDo mobile charger pin loose when insert in d mobile its normal on whole handset of cool pad?I love this handhandset its awesome.. Camera quality is super.. And also the battery backup.Hanging problem... But camera is OK below average..configuration doesn't meet to expection.finger print sensor oktouch is nt wrking perfectly13mp Camara qualility worrestAwesome phone for this cost and this is enough for 7000It will meet your expectationsvery good product in this price range highly recommended this product instead go for othersCamera is not good battery drains in just 5-6 hours.The Main Version Note 3 is a good buy.Not able to  understand certain using method of configuration. No proper using tips given.Phone is good but camera performance is not upto the mark specialy in low light conditionsvery very very very bad cameraafter phone update displayed result improvedi love it this phone and sure go for itIts moving very smoothly.. Worth of money.Looking for budget phone, then go for it.PRODUCT IS VERY GOOD AMD WORTH FOR MONEY AND CAMERA QUALITY IS MIRACULOUSI am using this phone from 10days. Before i purchase  so many negative comments  i heared about  this product.  But its working fine no problem at all., In  Rs. 6999/- this was best product.Its a nice phone at 6999 price. Best specification I like this phone :-)Guys...Dont go for this Mob...I brought this mob 3days back i'm using very decent way still tjis mob getting over heat...Summer season is coming dont go for this mobSmall but beast. However slow charging.any update for charging problem.???camera is OK.so the ui. But there is no comass and gyroscope. Thats big lieFull charging takes 5 hours.amazed???Sry I want to cancel this orderI didn't know how to cancel ordersThis phone touch is not working please replace and sent me a new mobileToo bad two mobile I brought both are inbuilt apps not working properlyLoved this phone no buyer should ever hesitate before buying this phoneOverall this phone is not so good but at this price its far more betterAll the feature of this phone are very good but i am disappointed with the main Camera. Its pics not good pics often get black even in the good lights. I want replacement.really bad display and the worst android variant I have ever seen.Good phone at this price but delivery is vry vry good. Aws servicecamera bakwas 13 mga piksal bolke thardclass hai age ka or pichekaNice phone under 7000 having 3gb ram 16 gb internal memory like itThe product is ok based on the price but camera quality is not at all good and major problem is very slow charging  and little bit heating problem other wise it's ok.This price  is v.good phone,both camera good.all over good phone.got a defective product, there are so many dead pixels on screen.Poor Service of Customer Care of Cool pad. Basic functions like setting limit of Data Usage Not Available in coolpad 3lite. Heating Problems. Don't buy the phone.coolpad done well reliable phone go for it if u have 7000 budgetPLEASE DON'T BUY, ITS A 3RD CLASS PHONE, YOU WASTE YOUR MONEY...What to do when the phone is dropped in waterDisappointing product, now only start facing hearing issue.....Nice product below 7000.. It's worth for money.Go for it.Awesome phone  with fully featured package  in the  price rangephone is over heating..... please fix it as fast as possible...It hang a lot. As per specification I purchased this and gifted to my mom . As my mom using this phone and not using much app then also facing hanging problem10 of10AWESOMEAwesomeMobile bahut heat hota hai our display me scratch bhi aa raha hai camera quality khash achchha nahi hai but ram thik haiVery nice phone ...for this price full paisa wasoolGetting over heating problem while playing games...Awesome  phone with great features  at lowest priceavg mobile camera is also not so gud waste of moneyPhone is good, but dissatisfied with battery backupBad experience charger jack is faulty, not workingAwsome mobile in 7k....No problem at all...  happyCamera quality is average, battery backup is good.Black color of this product isn't up to the mark..Camera is awesome... Battery backup is mast....After using one hour the mobile start hanging..Excellent phone in this price range.No lagging.Mobile heating quickly and poor battery back upSuperI have used this phone for a few days after which I decided to return it and buy a different phone. This review is based on my experience as a user for that period of time. I have discussed the strengths of the phone first, followed by it weaknesses and other remarks. I hope this review will help readers make a more informed decision.THE PROS:1. Good user interface  It's really smooth, I experienced no glitches or hang ups whilst using it. It's quite sensitive and reliable. It's quite easy to use and I faced no problem finding any option or setting. What's really cool is that everything is available within a few taps and most of the time just two taps or drags are all you need.2. Good performance  The 3GB RAM ensures smooth performance and there is plenty of free RAM at any time. In fact, there is always 1GB of RAM free on the phone. You can multitask and keep open as many apps as you like at the same time. It wont slow down or affect your user experience.3.Finger print scanner  I found it to be reliable for the time i used the phone. It's fast and  makes the user experience so better4. Good in-hand feel  This phone feels good to hold in hand, not slippery, so you feel sure you won't drop it.THE CONS:1. Battery drains FAST (biggest to me)  The Biggest Deal Breaker in my opinion and the only reason that it's not a true value for money phone. Discharge rate is high even while doing low level activities like typing. The battery charge percentage kept dropping at a fast steady rate while I was sending messages. It drains quickly even in idle state, from 100 percent to 93 in some minutes when nothing was being done on the phone. You can never be sure about the battery, how long will it last? would it get you through an entire day?2. Heats up A LOT  while using Camera  This phone heats up quite a lot when the camera is in use. A few minutes of camera use makes the phone uneasily hot to hold. A few more minutes and you may receive a shock if your fingers touch near the camera. It heats up even whilst watching videos but not to a great extent.3. Average camera  A big disappointment considering the claim to be a 13MP shooter. Images are low on detail and noisy, particularly when you zoom them. Photos taken in low light are bad. The front camera isn't very good either. Only images taken using the flash are good.4. Charger heats up very quickly and becomes very hot.5. Screen  The phone I received had scratches on the screen. The screens takes finger smudges easily.Awesome phone...best phone for the money...with many features....no lag...even when running high end gamesover heat and charge will be taken  five hoursnice mobile in this price and timely deliveredfantastic device..... in very reasonable priceDon't buy this phone. You will regret it. Charging is very slow.. instead of charging it gets dechargingDon't buy tMobile very heat ,but other features is good.all ok but display is red it gives very angryCamera Quality is very bad,Don't bye it3 month  to back  med Uluu mack coolpadExcellent device with superb hidden features.Good product , and amazing delivery by AmazonPhone is good. The finger print sensor is OK.When launched Coolpad note 3 lite back cover?This is good a good phone in this price...All is OK but camera is not up to the markCoolpad lite is best or intex cloud flash?OkokokOkOkOkOk:)HiOKOksaOkokThe phone is really is a beast . Ram management is awesome . fingerprint scanner is awesome. But I got the defective piece as the touch pad on upper side of the phone is not working . so I have requested a replacement . I hope I'll get a non defective piece. Or else from me its was a five star for the phone as well as the faster delivery . only in 3 days I got the phone . hope so that I get faster delivery for the replaced one.Phone is good but Amazon service very badWorst in this rateLike to sale back13 mp camera very BAD, BAD PERFORMANCEIt's a worst phone. I wish I could return it.# Even though it has 3gb RAM- at time while opening some generic apps it responds like 256 MB RAM.# Post recent updates received via OTA, heating issue has started.# Camera is pathetic. U cannot differentiate the quality of camera under pro and normal mode# Sometime battery gets changed quickly n sometime it takes hours.# Contact numbers are displayed in duplicates. U disable all n still it display s all# Earphone jack insert message never gets removed until u unmount it. Icon display is fine but y the message.# By default all apps are on vibration. U need to go into individual apps n disable the. Why can't that b simpler of disabling directly from toned n vibration at one go.Dont buy dis fone...  it annoys a lotthis is good product i have bought itHiii sir mujhe Lena hai ek use k liyesuper moblie. overall my view is goodVery nice overall good on this budgetthe mob is to slow as compared to 3 GB RAM. pls and other problem is to also.Very nice mobile in these rates better then various expensive mobile handsetsLook and camera is not as I expectedCan't expect more in 7000.Nice set I m impressed....Best mobile value of moneyBattry backp is very poor.Other wise the phone is gdExcellent & simply awesomeNice worth for this budgetawesome phone at this costBest product in this prisecool mobilei like itBest phone under Rs.7000Very poor battery backupThis price cool pat goodThis is not a good phonevery best mobile phones.Coolpad Services are badGood phone in this priceHighly recommended......Nice and awesome productBest phone at this pricePlease give me real guide i am going to confuse to buy this productWarning please don't buy it . so many problems with coolpad note 3lite black.battery camera and display screen. Automatically my phone battery getting expand and front side screen is coming out due to battery expansion while date to day chargedExcellent for the moneyCamera is totally bogusNice phone for the costNic phone in this range. Long lasting battery great graphics tough and strong..gud phone at this priceworst mobile in my lifeVery nice Coolpad brandcamera quality not fairVery bad phoneExtra ordinaryAwesome phone!Finger is niceWonderful siteBed experiencevery good foneCheap and bestHeating problmHeating problem when speaking with the others. very worst. Don't know what will happen when switch on the mobile data or playing games... Time God - Amazon is awesome with the return policy. Thank you so much. Going to buy Samsung Galaxy J2Good productGood productLovely phoneGood lookingGood productI don't likeGOOD PRODUCTHang problemnice productGood ProductWorst cameraWaste mobilenice productBad:-1) rear camera 13MP is very bad2) earphone , charger , quality is bad3) back side material is so soft that it could be braked easily feeling like made in China material4) interface is so bad looks like you are operating a down market phone5) heat up very quikly6) flash is use lessIf you want a good camera mobile then this phone is not for you , it has some great features which attract you but when you talking about overall performances it fails to delivered you .. I am very disappointed with the performance of this mobile.... I suggest you to don't buy this phobeBlack  phone is not good than whiteSuper  phone.....GOOD PRODUCT.....Waiting..........Deal started at 2 PM, came here at 2.02 PM and the deal is already gone and waitlist is full. There is a terrible customer experience Amazon. Instead of disappointing customers with lightning deals, just offer an everyday low price, or keep enough product stock for these deals.Front camera picture quality is perfect.3GB RAM is sufficient in this price There is no one in this fecility for any product.Android version is also good.5.1 lollypop.Touchpad is very smooth.Best mobile phone in this price rateNot goodGood jobGood oneVary badNice oneawsome  fone in this price, fingerprint sensor is very fast & accurate. very good selfie camera. rear camera is average but after update it is also good. very low heating problem even while playing heavy games. heats while regular using wifi n camera. ram is pretty good. there are lots of features to explore. no one give these features in this priceNice oneVery badVery badVery badAewsomesdfsfsfNot badAwesomeAWESOMEit`s okAwesomePlz don't try to buy this product the features of  this mobiles are good but the sound quality is very poorCamera not so nice 13mp, wh is comparable wth  ~= 5mp. Performance of applications and system ui are good.Coolpad note 3 lite is best phone but didnot supported in 3g network. Network is up down plz help meNice phone, no problem,  camera quality is above average,  phn is awesome at 6999. JHAKKASTotally west of money..nothing in this phone. Sp. Camera is so poor. Very bed imprestion.3gb ram with 16 gb rom but expendable only 32gb.  very bad  now  a  days 32 gb is not enough to useBuggy function and hanging problem better option available in market under 7000 Rupees.Very good product but normally problems with the following this models... Five ***** Starbudget king.... fp lock no doubt best thing.... lock your apps protect your privacy...heating problem + totally hang within 4 days + worst phone ever , i m going to be returnIt's OK. But mobile heating problems. Others future good for affordable priceSupar And Very Beuty Mobial Hendset &Very Fastest Phone a Very  LowPrice..This is mobile side totally fack...westted time. This mobile is not buy...niceUseless phone back camera is not good overall not good .Cemra quilty is very bad.plz dont purchase.this pho ...This phone all fitecher is good but camera  is not goodProduct is good but bill is not send in mail id......Good performance and a best phone at a great price...Sim card not detecting and starting menu not showingPoor battary backup and very bad cemra quality......Worst experience with coolpad note 3 lite.This mobile phone's camera is very low qualityIn our budget it is the good phone for usGudBadgodFhjWowamazon  amazing phone amazing prisevery nice mobile...with good ram speed.except camera clarity all are good.....My phone continually restarting , camera quality is very bad, both front and back,they are cheating buyers saying 13mp back camera, no quality in camera, i have called to amazon customer care for refund my amount they said they have no refund policy, pls dont buy any item in amazon, totally waste product.Good product for such a price.. HappyFantastik phoneBekar hai bahut jaldi heat ho jata hbeauty,fast & comfort price love uuIm very disappointed for my order.I can't book I think this is fakeSleek, light and value for moneyI am unable to buy. Pls help me.Not bad .  but worthing to moneytotally waste of moneyLow quality headphonesBetter go for redmi note prime....Battery ,camera,performance are more better on redmi note prime...By specs coolpad rocks but in real use redmi rockz...that's all....I don't recommend coolpad ....I hardly recommend redmi note prime...lower quilty productVery bad performanceworth for this priceNever buy this phoneworld worst phone; minimum 24 hrs required for battery charging; after playing 5 minute game it is ready for burst; so if you want tension pls bought this product; if coolpad manufacturer read this review pls close the model immediately.Very nice mobile...i hate this productNice phonehai im ramu tuch is very bad i cant under stand it is double tuch or hanging i feel very bad.. please provide good software. im not satisfied of this much off amount...i am very dispointed by this phone. display is very poor . if any pick is show reddish quality. and camera is just like 2 megapixel. flash is poor. front camera is just like vga. coolpad dozen 1 is a very best only 5999. but this phone is very dirty cheep and low quality phone. i am not reccomened to anyone. amazon make fool anyone.. not buy this phone. on 69999. this phone is like 2999.Hii every one  please please don't buy this phone world number one worst phone COOLPAD NOTE 3 lite.. This is my feedback about this phone  no more words to explainFantastic one.Very very poorI recive yesterday packing is good but in mobile second sim slot was not working how to solve that problemToday I received  this mobile  I am upset  when I saw this mobile  very small  size I am not satishfied.awesome phoneHeating prblmConfigurations  are good for this price range but my mobile getting over heated and very less battery backup,  alarm factions  not working properlyPhoto clarity is not satisfactory when compared to other 13 MP phones.Phone is heavily heating up with just 2-3 tracks of Asphalt 8.7000 OK BestWorst mobilegood productCoolpadGood thanksNice mobilePhone is the new but its not working best for recharge take 45 minutes to switch on heating smell very bad in phoneVery good.Nice phoneGood phoneWest phoneExcellent features and gestures.FP lock is very good .Camera functions are very good.Great body grip .Cool show app is also excellent.I love this phone.It is long awaiting  phone for me .finally i bought it.In which situation only i know. :-)Very niceIts not a good mobile  charging worest performanceHeat problemSpeakers also not goodmaha bakwas camra or soundbahot bakwas phoneNot up to the mark as expectedThis Mobile back side heat problem after 10min useCool pad not 3 lite mobile  hot than we play any game  with  in 15 minutes  not bayCoolHdusjzyhxihnxjshncuafbfuhwncigbxjgwnVary bad earphones, and always okI purchase the white version in earlier sale. Phone is really awesome. Best in 7000 rs. If the comapany gives 3000 mah battery in it then this model is really perfect.Buy i found 1 cons. When u upgrade the coolUI, Data usage option will disappear. This is a very useful feature in Phone Settings.Not satisfied with qualityPhone getting hagg to muchGkdjvrihdnjuyfn ggfThat is ridiculousok value for moneyFeatures are goodI purchased two nos. Of coolpad not 3 lite but I am not received any invoice so please provide me invoice copy on my resistard mail id.