First things first, The Note 3 Plus variant is not a worthy upgrade over the regular Coolpad note 3.The only upgradation being the display ,which now is a 1080p one.The pixel density is over 400ppi ,which makes it a great display for the price.Other than that ,there is nothing much happening in the Plus variant which makes it different  than the previous version.But When you look at the price.They havent increased it too.It is been sold on the same price the Note 3 was being sold on ,a few months back.So, we cant complain.With the 1080p display and a 400+ ppi the display will be sharper.But that also lowers the battery life to some extent.Everything else is identical.The built quality and looks are the same as the previous note 3.The metal frame is still in place.Though it weighs a little heavier now.The camera is a fair deal for the price.Images are sharp under good lighting condition but things get poor in low light or night shots.The camera focusing speed is very poor in indoor lighting conditions.The front snapper takes some very bright pictures.The post processing makes your skin glow but again, it needs a good lit environment.The Video recording part is not that impressive.The video lacks details though it stays much stabilised than some expensive phones.All in all the camera images are usable..It is equipped with an underclocked and low profile processor and GPU.The same comes inside the k4 note which is far expensive than this one.The 3GB is a plus here ,at this price it's an awesome deal.The User experience stays lag free and the ram management is fine.The apps fire up real quick as any other other phone at this price.The UI is a bit different than stock android ,but you will get used to it in few days.All functions are accessible with ease.The gaming performance is average you can run any game which requires less GPU power.Like Temple run, Clash of clans ,Mini militia ,dream legue soccer and million others.But with high end games like Modern combat and GT racing you will experinace major lagging.It also comes with a Gyroscope sensor so you can experience VR to its maximum ,also you can  watch the 360 degree videos with full functionality.The 1080p display may boost the VR experienceThe phone does get a little hot on usage and while charging.You may feel a litlle bit uncomfortable while calling especially after a gaming session as the device will be little hot.Though the call quality is very good.The battery performance is not that great.Having a 3000mah battery doesnt help it survive a full working day.If  you are a very heavy user ,you will have to  charge the Coolpad note 3 plus for 2 times a day for sure (depends upon your usage).Though I havent noticed any unusual battery draining during normal usage.The fingerprint scanner works flawlessly.It is amongst the best I have used, the accuracy rate is 100 percent as far as I have used it.Also it is placed at the back side which most users prefer.CONCLUDING my review :To be frank ,Coolpad is providing a lot at this price.Specification wise you cannot complain anyting.It is priced at a very competitive price.But if you want better performance and battery life ,spend a little and go for redmi note 3,ZUK Z1 or the meizu note 3.They all are great and better phones.You also have lenovo k5 plus,but it lacks a finger print scanner.The 720p display version of coolpad note 3 is also good ,the display is fine and nothing bad about it..Finally ,if you cant spend more than 9000 INR and want the most feature rich phone,Coolpad note 3 plus should be your pick.I hope my review was helpful, if you like it then I will appreciate if you give it a thumbs up below.ThanksAbraham JosephFirst up all I am writing this review after a week of use , as name itself Coolpad it's really a cooling pad , I had watched lots of movies , even after a continuous use of 3hrs I didn't detect any heating , no heating problems , the fingerprint scanner working in micro seconds fast , 3 GB of RAM excellent for gaming , camera software in Coolpad Note 3 plus has been optimised , excellent camera quality...(past camera was the other issue we had with Coolpad Note 3 & lite models) 3000mah battery is really a good , full HD helps to watch full HD movies in great comfort ...finally now Coolpad Note 3 plus is manufactured in India ...Good budget phone ,I personally recomment to  buy ....Awesome phone in 8999. Camera is good. Fast charging works. Fingerprint sensor is too good. No hanging or heating issue. Multitasking can be done without lag. I have installed more than 12 apps which need internet, still battery life is awesome. Wifi is always on still battery reduces only by 2% at overnight. Strong recommendation to buy this phone. I have been using since one week. The best part is its Made in INDIA.Very good phonePaisa wasool jabardast phone you also can buyI can vouch and challenge in Indian market you cant get a phone with 5.5 FHD display,Finger print sensor (almost 6 fingers I registered),3000Mah Battery(a day usage though),13MP& 5MP camera(above average Im not a expert),2 micro sim slots (both 4G enabled- I checked),3 GB RAM,16 GB internal memory,MicroSD dedicated slot till 64GB,OTG supported (my 32 GB OTG + 32 GB SD card  supported both same time),gold colour,really bass ear phones(wow),rapid charger(I tested),octa core processor fine, heating is there in all phones and can be controlled by clean master,ultimate gaming experience,  All under Rs.9000...believe guys....Its made in India product...let us not doubt....rest our fate ,,as both fate and electronics are same in uncertainity  :)  :)  :)  :)this phone dont have cast screen ...hope they will update soon...I have thoroughly analysed all phones for 1.5 months with my budget kept at Rs.15,000, as Lenovo K4( heavy occupied pre installed appsonly HD),Moto G4.( though branded ,high price)Gionee marathon ( no extendable memory)Redmi note 3 ,( either nano sim or SD card)Asus (price + only HD,more zen apps)Letvetc SO In any phone is if we see, apart from price, either we have to compromise second sim or SD card,,,for me dual sim is mandatory as well as decent memory....as ( i can put 64 GB SD card + 10 GB internal memory)I have made a valuable purchase(hope so)...More updation needed from Coolpad in coming days....Full Awesome mobile ....Nice quality ....Nice service..Well... I am a gadget lover so i am giving review about Coolpad note 3 plus after trying this.This is an amazing device. You can find all budget friendly features and elegant design as compared to other devices in this price range.Camera: This is a budget device. Dont worry It wont let u regret for. Average clicks good focus but lacks some details. You can capture daily normal shots with your friends and share in social media. For photography you have to buy a DSLR.Performance: Firstly after 1st bootup there will be some lags everywhere but after some hours of use it will be fine. Then all good. Good animations good features and settings. If u want some heavy games performance then go for CP note 3 bcoz it has FHD display so cant handle. I never felt good amount heating from this. Its cool.UI:  In this you cant change some useful settings like status bar icons and a bad thing is U will spend more time to customize your stock launcher bcoz this doesnt have many options. I think after some updates it should modify those.Audio & Battery: Haha I am saying it has a pretty decent battery life. As i am a moderate to heavy user it gives me maximum time to run. It also has 2A quick charger for fast charging but if u work while charging battery will very slowly increase. In speaker you cant expect loudness but can listen from other rooms and the main thing headphone OMG seriously can beat all phones behind. The Bass The Clarity The Volume is so so high. For better music use Stellio player :-)Verdict: Well...Over all M saying its above average device. Now M happy customer to get this Thank you Amazon for very fast delivery. Customers those who want to try this I specially recommend if you want to showoff ur frnds as it has all features. For gaming performance you have to buy CP note 3 or LeEco 1s but will get heating problems in 1s. Ok thats it Thank you for reading.i bought this phone on the last month...that time onwards the phone's camera is blured when we take a picture of far away objects....coolpad note 3 and note 3 lite dose not have this problem....the main problem is that in pro mode their is a manual focusing rader...so when we move that rader from left to right we can focus an object very nicely.but my coolpad note 3 plus dose not focus like that,when i move that rader i cant see any changes like focusing or something.but my friend has bought coolpad note 3 his camera quality is nice and this manual focusing is also working.13mp camera will not be like this iam sure.yesterday i have submit the phone to coolpad service centre also.i think the camera lens have any problem because of that the camera is blured nd not focusing anything.i hope that they will service my phone's camera.the other features are good and awesome.front facing camera is nice,fingerprint,sound qulity,1080p display and others too...did any one got this bug on your phone ? please replay me soonAfter using a week, phone looks good at this price. My pros and cons are below.Pros:1. FHD display(Very good in clarity and color)2. Update octacore processor from meadiatek3. 3GB ram at this price is really amazing4. Camera is much better(compared to note 3 lite, which also provides 13MP/5MP)5. Quick charging. Will charge 100% in just 1.5 hours and battery back up is OK6. Fingerprint works well7. I did a full quality check(using an app) and this device works very wellCons:1. As an upgraded phone this could have a 3500mah/4000mah batterry(Just a suggestion)2. 5MP front camera, if its 8MP, then another great featureThis phone is awesome. Anyone who writing reviews like heating problem, I want to tell them that if u r already living in a hot temperature areas then this is not a issue. Its becuase the higher temperature. Every phone has heating problems. Rather the phone is great and I dont face any problems while using this. Go for it..I m writing this review after using for almost 20 days. I purchased this mobile on day one sale. Very good mobile at 8999 with features much more than anticipated.. Works well with multitask no hanging.. Only I what I felt is battery gets heated up when i use net for more than half an hour.. Otherwise its fantastic mobile.My phone is heatingh too much.... Sir let me know what should I do???Complaint to coolpad company, I faced problem regarding play store and other software which are pre-installed. Not worked properly due to mobile issue.The delivery was very hectic and  had to co ordinate with amazon a lot....But the product is execellentnand will recommend it for sureAwesome Product.. After Usage of 15 days, I feel very happy with this phone.Not experienced any lagIt charges 100% in jus 1 and half hour. , charging longs 1 and half day with normal usage(4-5 hours of high usage).camera quality is very good.Touch is smooth and finger print detection in awesome.Phone look is slim and fashionable.No heatingNo cons upto now.blindly go for it,,  It costs just 9000/-..The configuration is good but quality of phone like camera build quality, even the screen, has been comprisedNot the best but not worst either. Heats up very fast. Touch screen response is not so good. Rear camera needs a stable hand to take pics, till now took 10 photos of which only 2 came good rest are pixelated or destablized pics. I suggestgo with samsung or gionee mobile even though specifications may not be like this mobile but feel good factor is there.Awesome product in this price range one should definitely go for it. Attractive look and smart features.This is my 3rd Coolpad phone.A good budget phone. Camera performance is excellent. Smooth performance. Overall an awesome buy at this price range.Not functioning properly.Vibrator not working in my phone.I have purchased Coolpad note3 pluse, 4days back, I was very disappointed by it's Camera (13MP)It's not even 5MP, giving normal images with very bad resolution.It was a great disappoint for me. feeling very bad.My Advise is "Don't Buy this China Mobile"It's very worst,  the bettery backup is very very poor and  phone also heated....It always hanging and too slowVery good.Diff bw note3 and plus is hd screen and dual sim both are of 4g.It is  worldest greatest mobike in this price... I have been use.. Wow.  GreatAwesome phone at dis price. Not much heating issue and zaada Sochi mat nhi to sochte reh jaaogeevery thing is good but the 13 mp rear camera clarity is somewhat not goodI bought last month camera is average airtel network is not provisionable inthis moble . moble office sent mo to 54321 your phone is not provisionable in reply msg data is many time work 2g only not work properly data then reboot phone then connect dataGuys... Two month before i bought lenovo k4 n now coolpad note 3 plus so i want to say that coolpad is best in comparing with lenovo k4.After using coolpad i m thinking that i wasted my 3K.In this there is no heating issue n lagging problem.Although both have 3gb ram bt u can download more app in lenovo. That is only one parameter where lenovo wins rest things of coolpad is better than lenovo k4This mobike is awsm i wil be give it 5 into 5 stars camera quality is best price is very low all features in this mobile  looks like iphone 6Good phone but there is some heating issuesbattery backup is poor while the phone is gooodGood mobile for best price....satisfied...Nice product with awesome feature at low costSUPER PRODUCT AT THIS PRICEIt's awesome. I used this more than 14hrs. Still i have battery balance 50%. quick charging. It has more specification. Everything is good except processor. Process is little slow and is not affect anything(no hang). I used net continuously more than 5hrs and little heating. if you want more features with comfortable price, please go for itDoesnot have google play. I personally downloaded.app installed are old version? Why so? Keypad are not island type as in samsung. Ok. No bad, not super.I bought this phone on 25 may i feel very bad to choose this camera clarity is not gud and phone is over heating waste of money don't choose this oneVery good phone.. satisfied.. totallyPhone is great for the price range and specs are also fine. Only bad thing is a little old processor and slow UI. rest all can be dealt withReplace phone because lots of problems in phone.purana le gaye but abhi tak new phone despatch bhi nahi kiya.poor service by Amazon.Socho matt le loBest mobile..very smooth os and premium looking phone..Loved it!!Can not work with Facebook,Connect error, it shown change date & time settingI talked with customer care about this, they said this is software problems, u go to service center, and checked it,If I go with 1 week new phone, how that is new?As i said in this phone no gorilla glass & little software is complicated.Once contacts have photo it won't display if it is in phone it will or else (if its in google, sim etc)it won't display. Finally all are good except complicated software & glass.Its very very heat  not coolpad its hotpad its to top of the phone very heat also camera  and finger print is very heat bacsideI use it last 3 days .. It is a good Phone in this price ..Feel good... worth for money/value for money. looks good. fingerprint is working good.very nice product for this price......model was awsome, and features was grate.....as compare to samsung mobile....camera is excellent 13 mp and 5 mp.....I just love this product.  Features are too cool and helping. But camera is not good as collpad note 3. Styling is awsome.The no response for the action done noticed especially for setting of youtube and facility of large font  was not found.Great delivery from Amazon.phone is looks good and I got headset also.coolui need more update to improve the software...i got a problem with fingerprint  sensor, this is the 2nd week i am using this mobile.... pls don't buy this mobileGoodI bought coolpad note3 plus last two weeks before. The mobile is god but little heat problem. Otherwise low budget good mobile.I replace this piece.Ho.e/Power Button is so Hard to use.Excellent phone I loved it .I have changed 3 mobiles in 3 months because of heating issue , operating problems , disliking hi . But this mobile I will be keeping up to its service , no issues at all . UIis awesome great feel while using it .best product in this price it's camera 8/10,display,processer ,ram good performed,best it's batteryThanks for Amazon for providing such a wonderful handset at such an affordable price. It looks awesome in gold variant and no lags.Processor is quite slow than coolpad note 3 & phone is getting heat on body as well as screen too, seller is worst, packing is worst, but in 9k coolpad provides a masterpiece for their Indian fans.A great device for the price.Good camera, takes nice selfiesFinger print sensor is configurable to do multiple functions, like unlock phone, take selfies etc I did not experience any delay while unlocking.Here in Kerala, monsoon has started and is cool climate, i did not experience heating issue other than while charging.video quality is good,Fast enough to do almost all daily taskSpeakers are ordinary as expected for the price tag.Value for moneyKudos for Amazon for delivering this 2 days ahead[...]Its amazing phone fully satisfied. Low range great featuresIt get's hotNICE qualityNice productEverythig is k. Bt battery draing percent is very fast....The phone is quite awesome for this price range. I have been using this phone from last 5 days and this phone is working really well.  It has met all my expectations.  Quite decent camera quality, gr8 1080p display screen, great and fast processer, fingerprint sensor really responsive, quick charging, nice battery backup.  Overall an superb phone to buy in this range packed with a lot of features.  Waiting for coolpad update of android marshmallow.  Awesome job coolpad.Problem in screen. it show lines after two or thee days.I like this..  it was just awsm in this  price range...I never noticed the phone is hanged or any orher problems. It is the best phone in its range.Hi sir this phone is good i a m using 3 days ago. This phone is using internet or wifi phone is heating.. So wt will be do?  Sir  i replaced my phoneGood mobileRest everything seems fine, but heated quickly when using internet or watching videosAll specifications are good but camera is very poorReally a superb product at this price range.I am using it for two weeks and I found it nearly flawless....Looks and style-superbCamera(both rear and front)--very nice,in low lights also3gb ram is a remarkable feature for this set,and I have faced no laggingOnly the battery backup could have been better,still gives 1 n half dayPlease apply tempered glass for protection of screen.Problem in downloading when using a idea network.Everything  goodPros :Camera both r goodBattery life around 2dayFingerprint really amazingTouch is very smoothScreenDesign its look attractiveNo heat problem with heavy use of appsCons : cheap in the comparison  of any other same features phone brand  I suggest  go for it,  very good phone at this price Superb Product with good configuration and costThe product is amazing, with great battery performance, HD display, octa core processor, 3 GB RAM. Initial product experience is great and at an amazing price. The name makes sense for the product. Need to monitor the performance over a period of time. Happy customer. Customer service if provided, this product Will lead ahead of the market. Love this phone.Nice mobile....amazon give me your c c numberVery goodVery niceawsome. hone...  iloved it...  i. expct heatng ol featurs are gooodCool..... Awesome  product  nd worthable....As per ram good but camera quality not good.Very very good mobile, Battery, Camera, Display, Look, Speed everything good.. Thanks to cool padfirst day...heating problem faced...Battery  backup  is very  poor.I used  this phone  charging  time  90 minutes  and backup  3 hours and it's not enough heat on charging  time  phone  using  time and display  quality  is very poor.By the way  camera quality  and  many  more is very good. I don't liked  because  i liked.Fantastic phone in this price range. at first i bought cool-pad note 3 lite but 2 times i returned for manufacturing defect and then i bought it and i truly says its the best phone in this price range. its a compact combination of hardware and software. dnt think guys bought it if you want a compact phone in this price range. and if you have any problem just replace it because amazon service is truly awesome.I have got this phone pretty fastly by Amazon. This mobile is good mobile at the given budget in the market with lot of Cool features. Please do not cover the small hole present next to the camera lens and flash, to avoid phone heat upNice phone with reasonable price..Excelent phone, excelent feature,Super.Awesome oneExcellent function on this PriceGood Phone at this price with lots of featuresSuperb phone no words for it .It's awesome. I am happy with my decision. I just love it.Very very nice smart phone coolpad note 3 plusGold is very nice luck battery backup is goodPafomence is good fast delivery for amazon.in on day delivery fhd phone very very nice phoneAwesome phone at this price. Heating problems are there in most of the phones now a days, so that we can neglect. Super fast phone. No hanging issues. Front camera doesn't seem to be 5 mp though.Cool pad note 3 plus have some defects ,  it did not working regarding,,,,  calling system , finger print sensor , performance etc,,  iam suggested some people to donot buy cool pad note 3 plusNo harm to buy this product in 9k.i have beeen using for 10 days and phone is good..evrything nice,but heating is a issue while charging..and on playing heavy games..lot of heat..otherwise a good buy for this price..Its an amazing phone @8999..the gold color looks elegant and the headphone provided with this phone is very good..the camera is excellent nd it works superb in low light conditions both rear and front..display is very sharp nd viewing angles are good too..I think its a phone worth buying..Its quite good in this budgetPhone is awesome but lag some time when you playing a heavy games and heating too much.I thought coolpad note 3 was good vs plus and the main issue was the battery not like 3000 mah it's just 1500 mah .good product value for moneyAwesome phone with in budgetI like it much. Worth buyingSuch  awesome  mobile on this budget i got mobile phone whithin 48hours fingurprint lock works very speed work, No heating  problem at all good work faster 3Gb ram Buy Now.....All is well and nice to use but one drawback while using in night times the below symbol lights are not showing, if they provide may much better to use in night times.Good phone at this price and you also got gyroscope sensor for 360* video.Battery is quite good but need improvement in camera. Coolpad is also provide good bass earphone.Very nice phone on chip rateexcellent features good camera qualityGud item in time deliveryCoolest product. Loved itOsome phone n good lookinggood worth of this priceDisappointed performancethe  best product everIm using this coolpad note3 plus last 5 days everything is supperb good camera  nice display godd looking battery is just okIts a good product...Amazing Product in its price Range.. I am using this phone since 6 months and found not a single drawback in this phone.Good one, finger print sensor is awesome fast than my iPhone 6.But fully plastic body.  Not looking as premium.ab jyada socho mt isse less price me itna best phone nhi milega camera clearty in very good and looking in iphone6It has a big network  problem,  i couldn't  connected a wifi, or a mobile  data network like 3G, 4G.Good one go for itBATTERY IS VERY HEATING WHEN PLAY GAME 1-2 HRS AND BATTERY DOWN UNDER 1DAY USE,WHEN PLAY MUSIC,VIDEO,GAMINGhi guys i bought coolpad note3plus it very good mobile and working,looking all are goodOnly battery is lowLooks good but not use yet because I bought it for someone. I will definitely give my review again.good phone..for this price range this mobile is too good..looks premium works like a gem..display is crisp and clear,performance is very good,front camera is very nice,where as back camera works very good in day light but average in low light..speaker sound is less but surprisingly phone comes with earphones giving super sound quality on par with premium quality phones and ear phones..batter back up is very good ..it gave continous 6 hours screen up time back up..and after my first charge to 100 % it gave exact 24 hours with average usage on the travel..overall very nice phone at this price rangeVery nice and goodIt is a great phone I purchased in great money value ever seen and also great features it has.Nice mobile but some time automatically improved little heating .  Camera both work smart touch is also good 9000 is best price for this ...overall just buy itproduct is ok but little bit heating problem upto 40-41 C .during games and wifi hot spotSuperb experienceit is not coolLooks are greatSuper fine  clarityWork flawlessAt amazing price 8999After 07 months usage, battery of the phone is performing extremely poor. It takes 05-06 hrs to fully charge the phone and back up is little over half day. Initially I was happy with the phone but after 7 months usage I would not recommend this phone.All good till now, using it for last 2-weeks.Great product by Coolpad.one of my friend suggestede to buy this product.. And really a good choice.. Good battery,full HD screen, nice design and looks.also very fast with 3 GB RAM..but some time it takes  little time to load apps afte returning from any apps,like Facebook,.overall a good phone.This mobile is good but few problem in this mobile... Mane problem is heeting issueOkay okay . Fair Enough in budget. Performs smooth. Although memory usage is heavy. Dedicated slot for external micro sd card is super awesome. Looks great. Feels Great. Camera is Descent but not that great. Settings are many to tweak so a very nice stock camera app. Grip is nice phone doesn't slip. Not benchmarked it but hell yes a great value for money. Not used it much so cannot tell the performance of 3gb ram. But initial usage shows no lags provided there is nothing installed . Just unboxed and booted up.what great phone with great display and awesome sound quality very cool smartphoneBetter than bestNice and amazingGreat phone at this price! No heating issues, decent battery life, user friendly.Very good camera; long battery lifeAwesome phone at this price rangeVery gud & value for ur moneyOverall Product Good, But 3 gb Ram not performed that and 3G speed in full Network Not Working compar other mobile phonenice oneVary badIt's nice....And also a new phone to me....So,  i am facing some difficulties like in time section,But i want to say that it's awesome in every aspectAnd it can be upgraded.....ThanksCamera is gud best in class battery full hd phone n offers nic peformance all n all really happy wid d productI'm sure no one will get such a beauty in a beautiful price tag,, this phone has almost all the features which generally a good phone has,, easy to use,, smooth and battery backup is also pretty well. 5 on 5.Nice phone . but the ear phone was not working. To avoid the hassell of returning and getting it again I don't worry about it much. Phone heated up when playing higher graphic games otherwise overall its goodGood product , fast deliveryGold Color is Awesome..Display FHD with 401ppi Is awesome.. really great.. color contrast are excellentCamera excellent.. Daylight 9/10, night 8/10, focusing 10/10front camera decentbattery back up good I am a heavy user it gives me 1 dayFinger print sensor awesome3GB ram multitasking is smooth like butterApp to SD support..Value For moneyBattery OK, camera somewhat in the lower side. Heating even under moderate usage. There is no inbuilt apps like call recorder etc. Camera settings lack mega pixel selection option, no QR code reader.Heating problem.no new update available.average camera.performance good.battery problem due to heating.BUT PHONE IS GOOD.IF THESE PROBLEMS SOLVED BY NEW UPDATE.Swlpa betray bishi yagutheNyc camara awesome featureGoodlokAmazingJust got the phone yesterday. Can't talk for more than 15 minutes. CoolPad is not cool if you talk for more than 15 mns. I can feel the heat all the time.phone mark 75/100Battary 8/10front camra 8/10back camra 7.5/10speed 8/10looking 7.5/10all over good phone not best.First of all look is more better than shown in images,  looking very awesome in gold color. Display is very sharp full hd display work good and touch is also good battery package is average,  and camra qwality is very good both cameras. Design is also good there is no problem to handel it and provide agood grip.  Fingerprint scanner work goodGood features mobile phoneVery good phone in this priceWorking goodIs mobile ko replace karke dusra mil sakta haiIt's  just  awesome.....BEST PHONE IN BEST PRICEoverall its a good mobile for this priceCndtn good but net is too slow i done 3 g pack but its wrking like 2 gVery good performanceGood quality displayGood but when I use than heating in the FP senser and camera.My mobile is heatingWhy solved this problemPleaseNot satisfied with the product...  Battery is the worst..Sendgoodgood mobile,feel free to use.  Looking IPhone 6  modelCamera Quality Bad.Mobile Over HeatingI don't need this phone.Thank you!Mobile battery is very time very hotNot  support  64gb memory card