
 I have been using this phone for over a week. 
Long review -  
Delivery - Flipkart delivered two days before the stipulated date with nice packing. The phone arrived in good condition. So no worries with flipkart's delivery whatsoever. 
Price - I purchased this phone for 16.5 k but the price at the time of writing has dropped by Rs800 . 
Quality - The build quality is great. Its pretty thin and the matte finish does its job well.And this is HTC we are talking about. So you can be assured of the phones reliability and quality. 
Software - Okay so I am a little disappointed here.The phone released in April,'15 and HTC should have included lollipop but there is ANdroid 4.4 inside. And beware!!! The phone comes with android 4.4.2 not 4.4.4. HTC Sense 5.3 comes preloaded. Download Google's keybooard app. The material design in the keyboard makes the phone atleast 'feel' like android 5.0 while typing. 
Hardware- Potential buyers may be skeptical about the ram (1gb duh...). But believe me,in the past week i have experienced no lag. If only HTC included 1.5 gigs. Sigh! 
Camera - The back 13 mp camera does its job while the 5 mp front camera is only good if you or the phone are still and there is enough light. I would recommend using another camera app like retrica or Google camera.Psst.....its great for selfies though. 
Keyboard - Personally , I did not like the Sense ui 5.3 keyboard. Just download Google keyboard and set the keyboard's theme to Material desing light/dark. You ll get a lollipop like typing experience :) 
Screen - The screen is clear and the display looks sharp. The viewing angles are sufficient enoguh should you go outside in the sun. 
Accessories- There are many covers and screen guard options now available on flipkat and other sites. But I would wait till HTC releases it Dot view cover for this phone. Google it!! And as I said earlier, the phone has just launched,so expect more third party accessories.BTW the earphone you get with the phone are just bare minimum ones. I would recommend everyone to use another earphone piece if they want a good experience.  
Short review 
I can go on and on but here is the short review. Its a good phone with fantastic looks, great speed and gorgeous 720p screen. You may fuss about the 'little' details here and there(read RAM and android 4.4) but in the actual usage the phone works just as you would want it to. It will run games effortlessly(Mali-T760MP2 anyone ?) , capture great memories with its 13 and 5 mp snapper which comes with a lot of tweaking options, and provide you enough space to do work with its 5 inch 720 p display. 
 I preffered this phone over moto G2 just because i thought HTC might be having lower SAR rating. After recieving the phone I saw that this phone also have a high SAR rating. Now flipkart backend team tells me that they cannot display each and every spec. If you hide certain things then why would somebody prefer online shopping better to buy the product from some local shop. 
 It's been a day since I've got my phone. First of all I would like to thank flipkart for its prompt service. I've received the phone within a span of 2 days. The device was well packed.
HTC 626 device is highly recommendable. The device is Elegant in its looks. The touch is so swift. Camera's quality is more than awesome. I've read few bad reviews regarding camera's quality, those can be completely ignored. Battery backup is efficient. Sound quality is also good. As of now I've not encountered a problem with my device. You can opt for this phone without a second thought. 
 I bought the phone 4 days back. So far the performance is good. The main camera gives brilliant pictures. The front camera is not up to the mark. Even though it has 1 gb ram the speed is good. But the battery takes long time to get full charge. Once fully charged it stands for two days. Over all it is a decent phone in this range. I preferred HTC for its camera. I am enjoying. 
 Brand HTC has never let its image down.A great phone with awesome looks..Keep it Up!!
Its very slim and handy... 
 HTC 626G+ is a good deal at this price but here are some limitations of this phone... 
1- The battery drains very fast when you use internet.
2- The RAM of this phone is only 1 GB which should at least have been 2 GB.
3- The internal user memory is only 4.5 GB. 
Now some good features of the phone... 
1- The overall look of this phone is awesome.
2- This phone do not hangs at all.
3- A nice user interface.
4- Last but not the least... it is "HTC"...  
I have been using this phone for two weeks now. Great performance. The only issue is the low internal memory ( 8 Gb) and hence one needs to cough up a few more bucks for a memory card. All in all, more than satisfied till date. 
 My first smart phone...happy with it 
Looks, build, display & touch as expected from HTC ... extremely good. 
Not a very high end phone but definitely the best companion for users having low to moderate usage. Does not heat up much even after long usage (gaming, video, net etc.) 1hr or more at a stretch.  
Internal mem available = 5.34GB / 8GB ( Approx 4.9 - 5GB free when you unwrap the phone, because some off the apps, gmail, chrome, polaris office5 ect. are already installed) 
The only down side i felt is SAR: 1.340 W/Kg @1g(Head) and 0.840 W/Kg @1g(Body). But many of the popular models of popular brand have the same number. 
 Looks nice.....feels good and light weight !! 
Camera is good.
Overall a very good buy.... !! 
:) :D 
 cute set device. works good for 1st 6-8 months. very sensitive. low on durability. good for frequent & regular buyers of phones. customer care is very fluent in english, just as good as parrot 
 One month back, I had purchased this phone for my father. Today while using the phone, the phone got heated a lot and smoke started coming out from it. Concerned about his safety, my father immediately threw away the phone, as he was feared that it may explode in his ear. Please do not buy this Phone. 
 i replaced this phone 4 times to flipkart  
every time new issue with phone
camera was very poor  
phone hard ware very bad phone blue color is fading its changing to lite yellow after 10-15 day use audio was not clear 
 Hello everyone,
It is with sheer disappointment and unpleasantness that I am forced to write a bad review about this phone. 
I received this phone on 10th September and started using this device after two or three days since I had to apply for a Nano sim.
The first few days were good but I had some issues with the dialler after a week or so. 
Since the return period is only of 10 days, I couldn't apply for the return for this device and thereby I am suffering now.
In my case, my contacts never get loaded and for some reason the dialler never appears while making calls. 
In case I get lucky to get call interface, even then it's quite hard to end calls and many a times the calls last for more than 10 minutes even if the other person has actually disconnected it.
I am quite dis-satisfied with the quality of the product delivered to me and would recommend that you don't buy this product from flipkart.
The initial days would be fine but you start experiencing difficulties after a few days and the return period expires by that time which makes it even worse.
right now, my condition is so much worse that sometimes it takes about 10 minutes for me to make a call which is really disturbing when you have something urgent up on your sleeve.
This was my first electronic purchase from flipkart and right now I have to say that I will have to think twice before making an online purchase of any electronic item from flipkart again.  
 not even 1 month completed, my flash light is not working....primary camara 10 mp,,,,, not 13 mp....and very poor quality.... 
but front camare is awsm 
 hello 
 the mobile HTC Desire 626G Plus which i have ordered from flip cart that was a come with damage back cover and screen had bobble this is the second time i have order electronic item from it
but last i got wrist watch from it and i find faulty belt. i m not going to recommend any one Flip Cart for electronic goods and watches . 
thankes 
regards 
 bought this phone a week ago and it works smoothly and the worst part of it is the memory and ram if it had better ram and memory den the phone would be a blast !!!
Sometimes it lag while playing full hd viedo bt not a bad issue 
so i think u can opt for it :) 
 It is a worth to buy phone.....Amazing looks,Excellent rear Camera,Fabulous Display,absolutely no lagging( after one month of use),Great touch, front camera is good for selfies but not much sharper camera like other 5 megapixel rear ones,due to its classy design n sleek body it fits easily in hands. 
cons- Battery backup is average so you have to charge it twice...buying a power bank is a good solution if you r a hard user.
headphones supplied are mere average only good for calls.
speaker sound is low . 
overall a great deal ....I am happy to buy it...!!! 
 I brought this product with an Assumption that HTC will finally make it rite by considering the reputation , Even with such a low Specs .( Processor , RAM..) .I regret my decision now.  
+Build Quality 
+Design 
[-] Everything Else 
 i have recently bought this phone. it has
13 MP camera but only 4x zoom which made it so pathetic
many times is turned off automatically
hTC care is not available in small cities 
overall rating : Good for hTc lover but may look other options 
 Using this phone from last 1 month.... faced no problem at all. Very cool looks....very light weigth and sleek design....even though battery and RAM specs are low but the performance is very good. device standby time is also very good...does not unnecessary consumes battery. with normal usage it easily runs for 1 - 1.5 days. camera is very good, speed is awesome......I think it is better to purchase this phone than purchasing those sub standard phones like Moto G 2nd Gen, Red MI etc which will come with many defects.... Go for it !!!!!!! 
 Phone tower is very weak, other mobiles in same area have tower while conversation is interrupted in htc phone. Battery is weak although 2000 mah seems lucrative but once we start net fully charged battery will wipe out in less than 3 hours. Phone is getting slow within one month of purchase (although 1.2 ghz processor). Any buyer gets misguided that 1.7 ghz would be faster. Accessing phone functions is very round about and lengthy in comparison to any other smart phone. Earlier when I was using Samsung, I thought its process to be lengthy but after using htc I get the real definition of lengthy. 
 Recently i was purchased HTC DESIRE, its getting hangout at the time of youtube and playing games, i am very disappointed about this phone, Iphone is better than this Desire phone 
 Nice one.....better in this price for htc brand
like it..cool
One thing which miss by this phone
is its Ram 
Only this thing is going to feel not good for mee
Ram is jst 1gb 
In this price i think i am get 2 gb ram if i choose other brand
But we all know that about htc....they are not give us soo mch thing at this price range 
One more bad thing about this phone is its htc sense version 5 
Why they give a old version in this phone i cant understand this 
Htc was releases htc sense 6 already
Although they Are not provide the update faciltiy for this
Thats why htc was bakwas in 10-15k range  
Allover this is good functioning phone till now
I am used this model from last 1 month actully
I am felling all thing good in this phone 
Ofcurse battry backup is also good 
soo i reccomd this phone for those customer whose budget is about 10k and want to buy a htc like brand phones
Ot i suggst to buy lenovo vibe p1 if the bdget of 15k is available 
Thanku 
 BATTERY BACKUP IS NOT GOOD. SOFTWARE PROBLEM ALSO THEIR . CAMERA CLARITY ALSO NOT GOOD. MANY TIMES I POUND THE PROBLEM OF AUTOMATICALLY SWITCH OFF THE MOBILE . 
 please donot buy this phone, they are not providing any updates nor making it clear from their side whether it would ever get any updates for lollipop.
Sensor doesnt work, also doesnt have 4g 
 even i bought 2 months ago camera is blur & it's need to system update, hangout
if any problems occurs customer service is too worst they will not respect properly, if i gave to the mobile customer center after one month time taken process.. 
 i am using this phone from two month, my camera glass lens get blurred, means shine of that glass reduced automatically. so photo get blurred  
And also problem in HDR mode photo - photo captured by HDR mode is saved twice... 
This is my first HTC phone... i'm very disappointed. 
 I have owned this phone for over a month now, so I am in a good position to write this review. 
Pros:
1. Great looks. I have the blue lagoon variant. It looks awesome from front as well as back.
2. Great camera. Both the cameras are up to the mark. The face beauty mode gives stunning selfies.
3. Crisp and colourful display. Display is bright and has good contrast. Viewing angles are great too. Though, at even the lowest brightness, it feels too bright in night. Use some screen filter apps. Colours are also vibrant. I have a Sony Xperia SP which has same display resolution etc. but does not produce such vibrant colours
4. Brand name: HTC is a premium brand unlike micromax, xiaomi, huawei etc. (good for showoff).
5. Sleek and light-weight.
6. 1.7ghz octa-core processor is really fast. 
Cons:
1. Battery is the biggest con. It has only 2000mah for 5" screen. But yet the backup was not that bad as expected. The phone doesn't heat at all unlike samsung and sony. That's why it goes for about 20 hours with light usage (calls+whatsapp+little surfing), 15 hours with medium usage (long calls, music, a lot surfing), and 10-12 hours with heavy usage (videos, online games etc.). Purchase a power bank if you are always on-the-go.
2. No Gorilla glass. Not a deal breaker since you still would be using screen guard. And contrary to popular belief, gorilla glass does not prevent breaking, it prevents scratches.
3. Proximity sensor is little weird. I don't know if it's only with me. The screen turns on repeatedly during call while I am still pressing it against my ear. You need to turn off screen manually.
4. Headphones are only average.
5. Only 8gb internal memory, but thank god it's expandable.
6. No lollipop yet (17 August 2015). Heard the rumour it will be out by September.
7. Only 1 gb ram, but no lags at all so far. 
Summary - Go for it for its camera, display, looks and brand name, everything an average user wants. Need to spend some extra money for power bank and memory card. If you tend to play music and games a lot and do not get enough time to charge your phone couple of times in a day, do not buy it. You will get frustrated. 
 I purchased this phone 2month back. the phone is excellent. but when i purchased this phone from starting speaker problem.that is inbuilt.after resolve speaker issue now i am enjoying with this. i am giving 4* because speaker problem 
 I have ordered this set and faced many problems, guyz motorla is much better then this. 
- Sound quality is very much dull (That can not be seen online when I was reviewing product at flipcart)
- Hearing volume, quality never been clear, that is the basic of any phone
- Speaker loudness is very low that you can not listen a song properly
- Responsive : The phone is not at all responsive, if I tap on any icon it takes 2 to 4 seconds to respond, when I cut the call I have to press Red button many times
- The phone does not have sensor to blink when call is there, that is the basic of any smart phone
- It gets heat up, while charging, calling, even watching videos, playing music 
 This is a very good phone of HTC, though you will new features in it . Let's talk about Pro and Cons : 
Pro : 
 Camera quality is very nice
 Multitasking is very smooth
 Smooth and Interactive interface
 Sound clarity is really nice
 Spot view makes your phone little special,
 Battery Backup is good even after using 3G, WiFi, and Playing games.
 Mediatek Processor will amaze you. 
Cons: 
 Doesn't come with 64bit Architecture , so no hopes for future Android Firmware Upgrades
 Up gradable to Kitkat 4.4.2 
 I baught this phone for 13MP Cam. But the quality of pics taken are not upto expectations. Pics taken from 13MP Sony Experia are much much better than from this phone. 
 Packaging was neat and good. Swift Delivery. Awesome phone. The ear phone provided however was not at all good. 
 This is a good product by htc at this price. Everything is up to the mark. But this time disappointed by flipkart. The packing quality was poor and the delivery process was ridiculous. The courier person just came and dumped it without any prior information of delivery and after that no updates for delivery and neither the invoice sent till yet. 
So, one can go for this but avoid to buy from flipkart. 5 stars for the product and 1 star for flipkart. 
 i hv orderd HTC 626 g+ last week and flipkart have deliverd it to me yesterday. Realy thanx for the fastest delivery.
but thers a li'l bit of issues which i hv seen that this device is not comes with ANDROID 4.4.4. its 4.4.2. and camera is also showing only 10MP instead of 13MP. 
So please explain us about this matter.
I gave 4star only for the delivery of product but the product description is confuging me.
Pls explain. 
 Phone is good till date.Camera clarity is good,phone performance is good. 
Can we upgrade to Android Lollipop 
 i have ordered this phone from flipkart. and just after 5 days of getting phone i have started facing this issue of call drops . htc service centre guys told that they are not taking care of product bought online.so i called customer care of flipkart who given me a date on which he told me that i would get a call from their technical team. i am still waiting for the call because all the time instead of getting a call i just receive a message stating we tried to reach you but we haven't been to do so yet . and they provide a date. which is very irritating. i suggest to not buy a product from flipkart atleast not the costly one because what i have came across id disgusting service 
 Camera quality is very worst..like as china phone....in feature & box display 13MP but in device showing only 10MP...so it's major issue with camera...And earphone is also very bad....(Awaj fatt jati h jyada sound karne pe..) 
 They don't respond to Ur return request .. I have problem with sensor.. and I requested for refund or exchange but then don't respond to my request 
 Shipment is in Jaipur since 26th june 2015. But delhivey not delivering product. Very disappointed with both flipkart and delhivery.
I am in contact with both since 27th june, both are saying that they need 24 hrs to solve the problem. 
Now, After 1 week they both are the biggest failure in service. In all calls they give just fake information. 
Even Delhivey doesn't have the Jaipur address, phone no. They are the biggest lier of world. They lying on address, contact no. and their service. 
Flipkart you are breaking your promise (NO WISH HOGI PURI) 
Now I am deciding to lodge the complaint in CONSUMER COURT against both of these service providers. 
 It was my first experience of life to buy any product online and i selected flipkart for this. The delivery of the product was on the time but the product was not that described on their website. i purchased htc desire 626 g plus in white color. 
let's come on to issues now- my first issue was with sound of the phone as there are two front speakers in the phone but only one gives sound while listening to music.
my second issue was with camera as u all can also check that this phone has 13MP rear camera but the picture quality of this camera is not equal to 5MP phone and when i zoom the captured image it becomes hazy.
Regarding to these problems when i contacted to flipkart team they wrote a complaint and assured me to got call by their technical executives.But i tried to find out the reason of my issues by HTC mobile services after talking with them i was totally in shock because they told me that the product which you have received is not sent by any of our authorized retailer as they ask me about the retailer of the phone.they also assured me that none of our customer of this particular product has any complaint, we just believe that 13MP camera means 13MP quality so there must not be any compromise in quality of camera. After this conversation when i again talked with flipkart executive he had talked very rudely with me. The technical staff only gives you a time to call but when you are talking with someone else they will not call you back, they just send you a text that we couldn't contact you and we shall contact you on this time.
i have the proof that my product has some technical issues because when i checked the same product at HTC retailer there were no such issues in that product.
so guys this is my request to all of you that please don't buy any product especially any electronics product by flipkart
This one star is only for delivery because the product was delivered before the promise date, otherwise i give you a zero star. . 
 the package was delivered to my neighbours. the payment was already done via debit card. the person delivering the product didn't even check the house number.i freaked out when i recieved the message from ekart that my product had been SUCCESSFULLY delivered. fortunately the neighbours were good enough to return the package.
flipkart are you listening? 
 when i play any HD or FULL HD video it jerks(stills) for a second..why so?????..please help and give solution to my this problem. 
 Scores:
Design 4/5
Rear Camera 3.5/5 (Camera is OK but shutter speed is slow)
Front Camera 3/5 (You have to keep your hands super still to get a good shot)
Ram 1/5 (1gb and many games don't run like fifa16)
Memory 2/5 (Just 8gb..... we get about 4.7 GB space) 
I'll recommend this only if you are a causal user 
 its really amazing product... this is best product for gamer..
never feel like its bed product but camera is not good quality........ 
 Good looking phone with this price...front camera image is better than rear camera . 
 Awesome phone. Nice camera and good battery backup.very smooth to use. 
 Camera is of 10 MP nd they are claiming 13 MP
Ram was less  
Otherwise its good 
 Ram is too less. Lags often. Phones launched before this phone has lollipop version;but this has kitkat v.4.4.2
battery is extremely less. It drains like hell. Also it takes 2hrs 15 mins to be 100% charged. Might go for Motorola phones at this price.  
 Very nice mobile phone by htc quietly brilliant and all features of this mobile is very awesome camera also super 
 dont understand why so many bad comments about this phone. I have bought it only for 79$ 10 months ago and very happy. For this price it is very good. If you need to have super photos so take professional photo camera. Why do you expect it from poor cheap phone? Why dont you want to make a movie like Deadpool with this phone? I did many videos at the daytime without any problems.
Yes, the battery is not for long time. I need to recharge it every day. But you knew that it has only 2000 mAh before purchase. 
Sorry for my English, I hope you understand what I mean. 
 Very good product. Impressive performance do not hank at all and runs very smoothly & fast. Camera is also very good and its touch is very sensitive. Go for it without thinking 
 It is just an awesome phone. Its speed is just great....looks of this phone are just wonderful....the camera quality and the overall functioning of the phone is just above my thinking.....early when i asked one of my friend about this phone, they just said no and told me that it is a slow phone and hangs frequently....but when i bought this phone my thinking about it just changed.....it does not hang and works very fast.....surfing the net is just awesome....REALLY IMPRESSED BY THIS PRODUCT....:) 
 phone is awesome. looking very decent. superb!!! all app is very good condition. but nano sim is not understood. and everything is fine. 
 This is nice one. Im uisng this mobile for last 3 months. it working properly without hanging. its brightness is good even we go outside. camera is not full filled what i expected. otherwise this mobile is good one.. 
 I have used this phone 1.5 month , ths phone awesome by looking , good camera , greate processor , totally excellent . I love this phone. 
 Pros - Product got delivered smoothly
Look is nice
Front cam is good
Video quality is quite good
No heating problem at all which is a major issue for a lot of other phones 
Cons - Rear cam not upto the mark for stills
Sound quality average
Battery back up is not good, drains fast 
Overall at this price range you can go for this phone 
 good looking mobile at this price ...very good brand value ..futures is slight less compare to other products.. 
 Beautiful looks combined with great performance. And the battery backup is also awesome. Great phone overall specially for net surfing... And thank you Flipkart for prompt delivery... 
 though not so popular this phone functions well. Good battery life and good looks. The updates are making this Acer an Ace 
 excelent phone
only problem is
no streo speakers
but single speker is loud enough
camara iis A++++++++++++ no one can beat htc
front was also superb
games were playing smooth no problem
slim design by htc
octa core well designed
display touch amazzzzzing
not much heating issue
battery back up more than a day
best at this price   
 Primary camera is not good...other features are okay...not bad..but price is very high.. 
 this extremely good product and give us good durability, this is product of HTC nd this company world first company to make mobile phone.so this company give best product always.never compromise with quality and work performance 
 In this phone installed apps are not move to sdcard it is the main draw back..
other features are good 
 Before 1 year I had purchase this phone but still it's good, There is nothing problem. Excellent one. 
 htc desire 626 g plus is a nice phone. I am Totally satisfied with the performance.Nice camera quality and good battery back up. 
 my requested to all please do not purchase this htc 626g ,
it a one of the worst mobile in htc
 1)battery performance very low
2) camera worst 
3) output sound very low
4) RAM only ! GB, internal memory only 8GB in price Rs.14000
overall this handset is waste of money
plzz plzz dont buy this handset,
if you want spit on this handset it may be good idea,,, 
 Its a another gem from HTC.
Better Quality and smooth overall performance over misleading high specifications in some local brands.(Like even 13 MP camera od some brands not matched quality of 5 MP of HTC)
You know why its premium brand once you use it.  
Fast processor. Awesome display, Impeccable build quality, Very compact and light weight, Simple yet beautiful, unique design like apple (Hallmark of HTC)
Rear (13MP)and front camera (5MP) with BSI sensors do the fine job. Good voice sound and awesome sound in earphone.
Respected brand value. 
Battery could have been with higher specs but will do good job under normal use. Good battery management it seems. 
Go for it as prices came down now to suit the budget. Value for money.  
 I'm writing this review after 3 weeks of using this product. This is an awesome phone at this price. Decent look with matt finish body. The picture quality of both primary and secondary camera is good. There is no heating problem. Battery back up is also very good. One can go for this product without any hesitation. Moreover octa core processor at the price of 13k from a company like htc makes gaming very smooth...... but the negative point is 1 gb ram. 
 I got this phone 6 months back and it is working fine. Looking great and quality and sharpness is excellent, but not getting OS update for this phone. 
 I bought this phone on Jun '15. It was working fine till Aug. I gave my phone for service on the month of September, as both main and secondary camera was not working, poor headphones not working, adopter not working. Till this day, I'm yet to receive the phone from the service center, it's been two long months. Such a poor service center HTC maintains in India. Please don't go for any HTC models. 
 THE BEST PHONE FOR COLLEGE HANGOUT STUDENTS.
only problem is the version of android which is only 4.4.2 .... nd does not upgrade to 5.0 lollipop 
 I BOUGHT THIS MOBILE DURING BIG BILLION DAYS FOR 12000.....THIS IS BEST BEST MOBILE IN PRICE RANGING OF 10000 TO 15000.... 
 I bought it before two months,the mobile is hanging frequently ,not able to answer a single call every time i need to switch it off and turn it on. Dont know the problem is from seller side or flipkart side. 
 Drawbacks of this phone :
1.Android V 4.4.4.(Kitkat) OS
2.Can't Move apps to SD card( bcoz of kitkat version)
3.Low memory (8 GB)
4.If You install some big Games (like FIFA 15 UT-1.44GB),then you can't install morethan 5 apps.It shows insufficient storage available.
5.OTG Not Supported
Pros :
1.Performance (7/10)
2.Battery Backup (7/10)
3.Stylish phone with less weight
4.Camera (8/10)
5.Call Clarity(6.5/10) (microphone is backside of the phone,may be it is one of the reason) 
 If you wanna buy,Buy a HTC Dotview case too. 
 PURCHASED THIS FOR MY >
NICE PHONE , , i waited n waited n waited for the price to drop , and i striked when the iron was hot , i mean when there was good discount ,,, truly superb phone , good cam , good to handle ,, but i guess it does have some call drop issue ,,, as what i heard form my girl ... 
go 4 it guys nice phone ,,,,, 
 Dear buyers, 
Don't purchase HTC mobile in your life time.such a bad mobile with service also.
i have suffered two mobiles with the problem of display 
 The main problem with this device it has limited internal storage . Inspite of having expandable upto 32gb, the apps and its data are not movable to sd card . The only way to do this is to root the phone but doing so warranty is not applicable then. 8 gb is less nowadays. 
 Quite satisfied with the looks and performance of the phone except for its camera.
Picture Quality does not reach the expectations from a 13 MP camera. 
 phone is good with 1 gb ram touch is very nice.
13 mega pixel camera is not good front camera is awesome
but blue colour is fadding in yellow 
 its fabulous phone with best andriod company and its very slim phone really loving this phone ......................... 
 Everything is perfect at this rate. Today we first prefer status and good looking and it provides both status and looking but at the same time it has a enough configuration for a general use purpose 
 very bad phone after one months display lifted form lower side and care center performance is very bad 
 Using it for 1 months. LCD does hanged for 3 times but automatically problem is cleared after restart... Nice experience till now... 
 I was in a dilemma over a month to choose between Black berry and HTC. Finally got this one. Display, Touch, Looks, Camera all takes good. only constraint is the battery life(1.5 days), manageable. Camera is amazing. you can go for it. I really don't regret getting this. 
 after using 626G+ over 2 months I feel this product have good features except its SAR rating. Overall it is excellent. Hats up to flipkart who replaced the set within 7 days 
 when i play any HD or FULL HD video it jerks(stills) for a second. mostly it happn after 1min 40s. please help and give solution to my this problem. 
 screen size and RAM should be more as it hangs sometime as compared to other sets available in the market for same price. 
 Go for it...If you don't to play more higher end games. Camera quality is too gud in day light and if you know the camera setting for night , it will be gud to change and take. 
 overall a good phone
sometimes app crash dowloaded and inbuilt like contacts or dialpad / i guess its normal in all phones, but concerning at times, but not a big issue
does not show notification on locked screen even though on the setting panel it is turned on.
any help with that?
but everthing other than that is good.   
1. Camera is good 4/5 . 
2. RAM is 1 GB, but please dont compare its performance with other brands who sells 2GB RAM for around 7K. 
3. Overall hardware OK , 3.5/5 .. backcover is glassy , which you have to handle carefully. 
4.GUI is superb , HTC as always.. 5/5 
5.Very handy , 5 Inch display gives superb look to model. 
 This is a good phone.
am purchased it 5 month ago.
No Problem in that Phone till now. am very happy about this. 
 I bought the phone for my sister. Simple Brilliant.
The build quality was amazing. The main camera gives brilliant pictures. Even though it has 1 gb ram the speed is good.
Over all it is a decent phone in this range.
I preferred HTC for its camera and look. 
 I've been using this phone for last 40-50 days and not even once have i been disappointed by it. only thing is its not taking very good pics with flash. but that's probably a problem with my handset in particular.i tried to run few heavy games and most of the apps altogether on this phone and it didn't lag at all(that was a common mans way of bench marking:)).battery life is not very good neither very bad.1 GB of ram seems like an turn down spec but its really not affecting the performance at all. the display is really vivid. phone has got awesome looks. over all its a must by phone if you want something within 20-25k. 
 Was disappointed with Flipkart for failing to deliver the phone in a day as promised, however, the phone is worth the wait!! Classy, smooth, no-lag, gorgeous display & a freaky camera. Value for money. 
 Good phone but photos not clear in night. Rest all is ok. Nice color, design and size of the phone. 
Delivery is fast. 
 Most of the time i have seen Flipkart as overpriced as compared to amazon but at the time of offers in flipkart when you can opt for the purchase of few products like this one. 
And, Now regarding the product is having a large screen which wasn't expected after looking at the picture. Sound quality and the battery back up is also good for this product. 
 phone is very good ,screen is very smooth,& camera quality is very good but not good to front 5mp quality so overall phone is very good 
 excellent camera.. wifi ..
sound quality is good..
then the trust of htc...
overall performance is so good.
i preffer this phone to all who wish to buy this....
no words...  
 awesome mobile with affordable price.. camera quality is too gud.. earphones not that much good but we can purchase any sony headset for this.battery backup also gud. HTC Sense enabled in it..Mobile looks damn sexy than any other mobile in this prie range. 
 Pros.
1. Classy look.
2. Both the cameras are very good.
3. Slim and light in weight.
4. Touch sense is awesome.
5. Sound and display quality is very good. 
Cons.
1. Battery drains very fast if you use internet. 
2. RAM is 1 GB which is not sufficient.
3. Sometime it hangs may be because of low RAM but not an issue. 
Sometime I become upset only because of its battery consumption Problem though it is not a big issue. 
In this price there are better mobiles in market but after all this is HTC.  
I am reviewing this mobile after using 7 months. 
The mobile slowing down day by day. It takes too much time to open basic apps.  
 Good camera quality front n back. pretty look.
Still not any complaint.  
All over great product 
 Late delivery :(
Pros : good quality camera,slim,look beautiful 
Cons : only simple TFT display,2000 mah, 1 GB ram is too less,No gorilla glass,only 8 GB internal storage.high price as compared to other. 
Over All : 2.5/5 
 camera and screen is to bad .it's pixcel shows get streched when any camera is used ...
if you expect 13 MP camera then it's absolutly dull than others... 
 FIRSTLY
the main feature of the phone is its CAMERA and its awesome. 
1)the front camera is so nice that anyone will feel that its taken from a digital camera.-10/10
2) The back camera is also too good.-9.5/10
3)Battery is also good.-8/10 BUT in power saving mode its too good.-10/10
4)UI is awesome i.e., HTC SENSE UI.-10/10
5)Memory is upto your choice. But 8gb is not a bad option. and approximately 5.5gb is usable.
6)Sound is a bit low.-7/10
7)The phone is very light.-10/10 
 Its been 2 months since I started using it. No hitches. Great performance! A lot to offer in minimal price!! 
 battery of 2000mA in fully HD phone is not understandable. this is in which htc lags behind. all phone came with weak battery backup. 
 I have used last 4days , I like that color and style, till now not getting any issue.Battery is good & speed is good with 1GB ram. Front & Back camera quality is good in Day time. Night time not that much good. Still not used with multiple application. Let share if got any issue in phone. 
 initially i was confused between buying honor 4X,mi 4 and lenovo.i have read many reviews and finally i thought of buying a branded phone rather than other brands so i finally i choose this. 
pros : light weight,very good look,excellent camera,charging wil last 4 easily for 1 day for moderate users,sound quality is very good,touch sensitivity is very good.
cons : if u r a high end game user charging wont last even for one day. 
i have used this phone for 1 week as of now no issues.
if u want a branded phone in the range of 15k u can just go for it. 
 A Far better than Chinese products.. Moderate Users can go for it with out thinking a single time. HTC is good Brand 
 Nice, Over all look and feel is awsome, problem with me is only 2000mah battery and OS is 4.4.2, i'm hoping for lolipop update 
 Though the built design, display resolution, processing speed and sound quality are good.. there is a problem with cam.. Its more Noisy. More over Images and Videos are looking reddish. It disappointed me a lot. I am going for replacement, coz.. I don't want to go around service centres. Every one knows how responsibly they serve. 
But I must mention.. a good delivery service by Flipkart.. 
 Great sleek look and display
Awesome video quality
Best phone at the price (Better than MotoG v2)
Average camera quality (certainly not 13 MP)
Avergae battery backup
1 GB Ram is too low for this configuration 
 am using dis for a month....its simply superb....a great mobile at this cost ...camera quality is mind blowing.....hope ds s wud be the best mobile at this cost.....and thanks to flipkart... 
 The design, looks, appearance, feel everything is excellent. I am not a heavy user of the phone but so far so good. One thing that I feel not up to the mark is, the network strength of this model, as compared to my previous HTC phone (explorer), a little poor. 
In a single word, superb.   
 Have been using it for 2 months -  
Pros- 
1. looks good
2. battery is fare enough - lives for a full day with 3G usage
3. brand value 
Cons- 
1. ring volume is low
2. UI is of a typical android phone...God knows whats HTC sense UI
3. biggest problem: Can NOT move apps to sd card, so got to manage with 8GB memory. Card can only be used for music.
4. no lollipop
5. sometimes screen won't get one simple press on power button
6. sometimes gets slow
7. no PC suite like iTunes to make playlist. Emailed to customer care, got reply after a few weeks (delay like a govt company) that it does't need one. They too are clueless about how to make playlists  
 good smartphone with better specification,price is too high comparing to other brands, good sound quality, better camera back and front 
 batter is avrg
camera quality is avrg
features are good
processor is good
high sar rating
luk is good 
overall product is ok   
 Good looking ans Slim. Camera clarity awesome.  
Disadvantage is battery only 2000mA. otherthan battery everything fine 
 This phone is amazing. totally amazing. Hold it in your hand u will feel very very happy. Great functionality in lowest proce one can expect. Full of extensive super features dat too at so much low cost. I just got it delivered in just 2 days from FLIPKART, this phone really worth buying.. HTC 626 g plus is a full Thumbs Up... go for it... 
 This review is based on 15 days of use. 
Pros:
1. Camera quality is awesome (Both).
2. Looks is nice. Very handy phone with light weight.
3. Display is nice in all respect.
4. Internet connectivity is good.
5. Video quality is nice & sound quality is good. 
Cons:
1. Battery is not up to the mark as per phone features. Drains fast when continuous use of internet.
2. It should be of 2 GB RAM. Although phone doesn't hang at all having 1 GB of RAM. 
Overall this is a decent phone to buy. You will never regret. 
 The phone's great.
I have been using it for around a week. 
Camera---- very nice.both front and back.I read some people saying that it has 10mp camera...
but that's not true.it has a 13mp camera,you just need to change the preview size in camera settings from full to 4:3.. 
Performance--very good processor..never lags..phone doesn't heat whatsoever.RAM's 1gb(more than enough).it scored 35k in antutu,which is pretty good score in its segment.. 
Display is great.
Awesome looks.
Battery lasts a day easily..
You get around 5.4 gigs of storage.(so you will need a sd card).. 
Bottom line -- I would definitely recommend this to a friend.?  
 i did noty get refund but this are mentionbs in my orders details...
Refund to Original payment mode
Rs. 12374Refund successful! Rs.12374 has been remitted through original payment mode 
 Its was really good to have itt here on flipkart. The mobile is awesome with all technical aspects. B'lve or not, it's a worthy deal... 
 I've used this product for two weeks and it has more positives for its price range.
Camera is awesome and screen clarity is good. The screen quality is good when compared to its predecessors. No lag and good specs for this price range. 
 Thanks to flipkart. Also got my dot view for this mobile. Camera clarity is not as expected. Screen resolution is great. 
 it was specified of 4.4.4 version but it was given 4.4.2 and the internal storage was given 8GB but it shows only 5.34GB 
 It will be better if we know what all the accessories we get with the Phone. Phone is really super look i am happy it has 5MP front camera. 
 i purchased this mobile on may 28,flipkart delivered at correct time,about phone camera both front & back super,touch & processor , battery backup also nice,everthing ok but speaker is not good, 
 I use this phone form last week...its performance is really good,no lagging,no heating bt camera quality nt 13 mg pixel,overall its a good phone under 15k compare to other band 
 firstly thanks to flipkart for successfully return this product and making payment on the same day.
Review: 
I bought this on 25th may 2015 in the offer price @12.6k and after 3 days i received this product from flipkart. I found the product was awesome in each and every aspect except the quality of rear camera which was found below than average. even in the good light pic taken from rear camera gives very low quality and thus ultimately i decided to take refund. i am very much satisfied from the service of flipkart. Return policy of flipkart is really awesome. I would recommend to buy from flipkart.
Any one please recommend me which product should i buy in the range of 10-15k 
 Ofcourse there are more phones with better specification but this one is a nice phone within range. It is thin, easy to grip in hand with good display. Camera is good enough and sound quality (speaker) for music is average, but better when with headphone. Just one thing that could have been better is the battery backup. Otherwise as a smart mobile phone.. this is no doubt a good one.  
Impressed by Filpkart Delivery Time/Mode.. took 2 days. Packeting was also good. :) 
 I am using this phone from week excellent phone and the looks of the phone is great value for money. 
White color give rich look awesome camera and display. 
 I brought this phone few days ago, looks good, and compact. Good Performance.
But it comes preloaded with Android 4.4.2 and Sense UI 5.3   
 I have been using this phone from 9 months.. since i bought phone from then its sound system was very poor, i even cant hear its ringtone properly...and now it has become worst .. poor sound quality it has .. like a mute phone.. even cant listen music on it while sitting beside phone ringtone one cant hear ringtone. 
Coming to camera quality till 2 months it was ok , and after then it is useless.. i dont know what happened all pics are blurred now.. they claim it to be 13 and 5 megapixels .. worst camera experience... 
I bought it when it was 14k range.. i will recommend HTC to pls dont lay down its image with such poor quality things.. its a good brand name.. and people believe in it ..  
Now i have to go to service centre i dont know what are they going to do... it has now become a "dabba" . 
I am thinking now why i opted to choose this phone.. worst experience ever 
 Very bad product. Battery is not good at all. Camera quality is poor. Please dnt buy it at any cost.
Phone getting hanged some times. 
 Really nice product 
Got this product well in time with good packing...  
 Please anyone telll me that this phone supports CDMA sim or not 
If it supports ,,, i will definitely go for it 
please anyone please help me with that?  
 Do not buy this.. I repeat DO NOT BUY THIS.. 
After 1 month or so your camera will get blurred. After another 10-15 days your whole phone body will turn yellow and you'll notice a sudden color change of your phone. If you have made the mistake of buying this, I advise you to USE A PHONE COVER .. 
This phone didnt even last a year for me . after 9 months I had to sell this for a mare 2k :=| 
 I got this product with a defect tooo but i dont report it as it was a minor one nd the customer care guy was explaining me a very lengthy process with a lot of time to be consumed during the process.....but nonetheless it was the fault of the flipkart nd the seller....so i dont trust them with their products...nd be careful before ordering anything from them 
 This phone is worst phone ever as i seen..camera quality is very poor.i facing the problem just after few days of purchasing. this phone is only good for lookwise..DON'T PURCHASE IT..it will be spoil your money...hanging is also a big problem.. 
 the replacement i got again the worst whats happening i never trust this flipkart..any more. and the phone HTC Desire 626G Plus which i got was 2nds i think and no warranty card i need a serious action on this... after replacing twice also it is the same...hello flipkart is this right thing.. 
 The phone has very poor keypad which cannot be ignored as it is used every now and then.
In 1st week itself, phone was hanged and I was unable to end the phone call. Only after phone restart call was ended. Also, display is not very good.  
Only photo quality is good. 
Think 100 times before you order this phone. I will not at all recommend. 
 there are two times when i return my headphone both are not work properly....I suggest inside the box of any product not good.
And chances of faultness increse by 100%. if u want to buy a new phone u may go through shop not online ..... 
 It's been a month now. Initial phase after 10days d headphone port stopped working,WiFi doesn't get connected properly where lenovo and rest othr phs Les than 5k gets automatically connected. 
Called FP. Said sorry,plz contact seller.  
Well,personal exp with FP with cell phones has been worse .  
Very poor choice HTC..   
 VERY FAST DELIVERY AND VERY GOOD RESPONSE. AND PRODUCT IS VERY GOOD AND BEST PERFORMANCE  
THANKS 
MUKESH CHOUDHARY 
 Thanks For Speed Delivery in Time
Looks like same as original
True value for my money
Thanks Flipkart For Amazing Product 
 Poor service ...mobile phone was damaged..ear piece was not working when contacted flipkart no help provided and replied that seller has rejected the return or replacement of product 
 I love to buy it from flipkart but there was some problem in my phone se I refund it thanks to flipkart for giving me awesome services  
 Bought htc desire 626g plus week back the phone is not working properly. It's contacts are automatically deleted. When I connected flipkart for the same the vendor refused to return the set. Which is not in working condition. I request flipkart to return or exchange this set. 
 I bought a htc 626 phone Last May but now there is some problem with the phone. So I went to htc customer care centre with the invoice sent to me by flipkart. The customer care representative told me that they have no idea about the phone being sold as the seller relates to Chandigarh but I stay in Delhi and they have no particulars entry for this phone in their records and so wont be providing me any help.. I was shocked and had to pay him Rs 400 extra for solving my problem but the issue is still not solved. 
 I gifted the product to my Client and they are quite Happy with Prompt Delivery and product too, Flipkart has always delivered pre the scheduled delivery dates. Thank You 
 I used the phone for 6 months
The battery started draining heavily and the device use to get heated while charging
when i gave the device to the service center they told me that the manufacturing seal was already broken and that it is not under warranty. However i had never given this device anywhere else for any kind of repair
so when i told the service guys the same they asked me if i had bought online and further told me that flipkart supplies mobile devices which are refurbished and its possible that i had got a refurbished phone 
WHEN I BOUGHT THIS TO THE NOTICE OF FLIPKART CUSTOMER SERVICE THEY DENIED IT AND ASKED ME TO CLAIM WARRANTY FROM THE SERVICE CENTER 
 After reading too many review on net and from my friends a order this product from flipkart.
Flipkart did their job very well.Very good service i am very happy flip kart service and want to thanks flipkart.
but about product-
in every review i read 8mp Camera very good,But after getting this phone first i check camera.camera quality very poor.i cross checked its clearity with samsang 5MP ,lenovo 8MP,and moto-G 8MP.you can not believe this camera 8mp.
so if you need a good quality camera on your phone then don't go for this htc.
Now internal memory-
8gb.................
for your use only 4GB free once all app update you start out of 4GB only 2.2GB if you installed some more app as per your requirement then internal memory remain in your phone only 1.2GB.
I am not happy with this then again i campare with other phone nokia,sumsang,it very poor performance.
next price different for different color.
not acceptable.
why you will pay extra for color change.
we are customer.
look very nice i love it
but performance nnot upto mark.
thanks to flipkart once again.
that type of performance we say they are working for customer satisfaction. 
 Worst Phone i ever had................................................................................................................................. 
 I'm so glad to buy HTC Desire 626G on flipkart...1st I faced small problem aft that I spoke with Flipkart IT-Guys...IT-Guys came into picture thn resole my problem i.e they did help me to get my phone back... 
Finally I wanna say onething that....any time I wish to buy any product only on flipkart..
 I love flipkart... 
 Thank you flipkart 
 No after sales services provided by HTC for online sold products at many locations .
Creating hell lot of problems. Do not buy mobiles from Flipkart .
Mobile piece is getting restarted and no one entertain your issues . 
 Within 1 month this phone is giving me problem, 
1. Suddenly camera gives problem (Blur images)
2. Audio was not working
3. HTC saying Filpkart is not authorised seller for HTC mobile (If you want i have full transcript for this communication!!!)
4. Filpkart is not giving any option to return/repair this device
5. Filpkart asking me job card   
 HTC Desire 626G Plus Both front & Back camera quality is very very bad......
HTC Desire 626G Plus Both front & Back camera quality is very very bad...... 
 Felt good when got the product with clarity and other feature's After thati Felt its
HTC's poorest product ever. Not even 6 months completed with mobile. mobile got switched off automatically and not getting operated. Not worth even sensor doesnt work properly.
I am first time customer with HTC's and had Badest experience ever.   
 Hi, 
I applied for the mobile replacement, unfortunately my request as been cancel, after once again i applied for replacement but i got only refund request.  
So kindly arrange for Replacement, please do the needful. 
Order ID: OD104174743205117000 
Thanks & Regards, 
Suresh.K 
 better to purchase mi4i at this range............................................................................................................................................................. 
 I ordered the mobile in MAY and since then the mobile's performance is not gud at all..!! I gave it to service center they said its is Opened at some other shop.. whereas I hv never showed my mobile at any outlet .. the screen & touch Pad installed was LOCAL. there is severe Network issue with this mobile and the PHONE book is always hang. My money was wasted buying this mobile..! 
 Dear sir,
 I bought this mobile, last few days my back camera is not working i re start my mobile with restore factory option but still same problem so please help me what could i do, otherwise i need to replace my mobile. 
 very bad quality
screen got damage just by keeping it in pocket
poor quality camera
sound is very low
services are very bad and costly
warranty is of no use 
 Screen is so delicate that it will brake if you put it in your pocket or purse...Had a very bad experience.So think twice before buying it. 
 the product delivered is good but it has been delivered late .i ordered a htc desire 626g plus.the phone is awesome . 
 I bought this phone 2 months back. and yesterday the phone was getting hand or freez. And today not even touch is working. Not able to use it at all.
I wanted to return this product and want to buy of another brand.I hope flipkart will help mw for this. 
 Need to change the policy on 11th day my phone's battery dischsrge automatically. 90% to 0% in 1 second. now from 15 days its in service center. 
 donot buy from flipkart.just pay more and buy from showroom ....it will be beneficial for you>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> 
 This is a good phone and service of Flipkart is very good. 
Thanks Flipkart for the offer and great phone. 
 after 40 days mobile motherboard damage what the hell is this not satisfied by the seller not sure i am telling call the htc customer service tell this mobile imei number 
 I bought this phone 2 weeks ago from a retailer. Seeing the specs i assumed its a good phone. BUT IT SUCKS . The 13MP CAMERA IS SHIT , VERY BAD PICTURE QUALITY in day light and low light both, I THINK MY NOKIA N70 clicked better pics . N one more thing you CANNOT TRANSFER YOUR APPS IN SD CARD. I didnt expect this from HTC. 
 Today ,when i checked the order status .it was cancelled without any prior notification to me . 
Customer care guy gave me the reason that my Tele verification was not successful. 
but i didn't received any call from them.
i'm very sure about this as i'was eagerly waiting for any call to receive my order. So i haven't skip any call in these days. 
The price of product when i ordered the phone was 15,300,and now it's 16,200.
and the new order delivery will take more time to get delivered. 
This is the worst delivery experience from any e-commerce i ever had. And was not expected from Flipkart   
 the product was buggy, it hangs on turning on camera. htc just formatted the phone when i took to service center. again the problem came up in few days. they say the motherboard is bad, will replace it. the phone is with them for the past 15 days, and yet the part is to arive from taiwan. 
When asked for replacement, the customer care person said that we dont repair or replace for online purchases, still we are repairing.
I would like flipkart's comment on this as I've put my money in device and expect them to interfere. 
 In my phone Vibrate is not working perfectly.
But HTC Service Center not giving me any type of service for online buer.
Thanks to flipkart.
Flipkart replaced my mobile. 
 i am not gonna purchase any item from flipkart in future and ask my friends and family not to order too.....u guys have the worst services....after paying for same day deliver i didnt got my product after 4 days of ordering....and now u guys are saying that to cancel my order and wait for 10 working days to get my money back. 
 brought this set from ws retail. its battery voltage is 4.4V and above which is beyond permissible levels. flipkart is neither ready to replace nor return. 
i would not recommend to buy htc from ws retail 
 Have to return the product due to manufacturing defect. :(
But thanks to flipkart all my money was refunded to me back in few days :) 
 this phone has some problem with display & lock issues.....never expected this from flipkart......waiting for an exchange......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... 
 I bought it from the Flipkart 10 days ago. My handset is not working properly as when someone called me up,the screen does not show the caller's name or number.It shows nothing.It looks like the screen is inactive.I talked to Flipkart customer care 3-4 times,they just did not respond to my complaints. They are making excuses.I am pissed off. 
 I don't have the phone to review , ordered on 13th of june and I am still waiting for it,
If flipkart cant deliver it on time then why mention it on the product page that they deliver it on 2-4 days, will wait for one more day else I am gonna cancel the phone. 
 Recently i have purchased HTC 626 G plus through flipkart, I got the parcel on This Monday 08/06/15. 
About Seller:
1. After i received the parcel, The box is looked like a box using it in railways parcel and it is not sealed with flipkart name.
2. At one end the tape was got teared. I checked inside the phone box which was simply rolled with air bubbled plastic sheets.  
About Product:
3. After i opened and started to using that product, That receiver is making some noise when we are talking with someone. 
Facing Problem:
 I think here, flipkart cant do anything. but please dont trust these type of untrustworthy sellers who will spoil the name of flipkart. 
I have a rights to replace the product. But the problem is, this phone simtype is nano sim. So i have cut my sim for this phone model.  
If i want to replace it, i have to look for some other phone which sim type should be nano sim. 
So there is no choice for me to go with this. instead i have to look for the service centre to solve this issue. 
Product delivered before the delivery date is not good thing. 
I request FLIPKART. Please kindly dont recommended AMEZ seller to anyone.  
 Hi Guys, 
I brought this mobile.... Everything is good except calls... 
Suddenly call will disconnect while talking with out any reason..  
And Sensor of light is not working...while talking light can't detect the orientation of the phone.... means light will on and accidentally call will get disconnect.... 
I brought this mobile for my interviews... But i am struggling with this mobile...  
 We have ordered htc 626g on 20 th may 15 thr internet banking and they have confirmed my order and gave the due date of delivery at 28 may.
Now today they are saying the order cant be delivered to my postal address......wat the hell is dat......pathetic....and cancelled my order. 
 worst product i have ever seen from htc..returned the product but again get the defetive product from flipkart and it takes 20 days to return ... 
 I just got the phone two days back and reading a lot about the phone i had a feeling the battery is terrible. Hence i got a 10400Mah power bank too.......but now whats is surprising is i am a mobile gamer and inspite of playing my games this mobile lasts 21 hours easily. I must say that the screen is excellent only missing the gorilla glass. The speakers are not so good but if you use headphones this phone provides quality sound. Its on 4.4.2 i dont know why is flipkart fooling customers saying its 4.4.4. And i dont know if this will get lollipop or not but the device is good for its price and performance. Oops i missed on the cameras.....when its HTC do u really want to question the cameras. I have been a selfie king in the last few days thanks to 5mp front shooter and retrica. All in all a good phone to buy. 