
 Update - 18th February
---------------------------------
Its almost 15 days since I am using this #Superphone. 
The phone delivers more than expected. Its beyond expectations. 
New Observations - 
Build Quality - Excellent Build quality. It survived a 5 feet drop on a marble flooring. Nothing happened to phone at all, not even a tiny scratch on the screen or at the back.
User Interface - Now, as i am used to this UI, it feels pretty good now. Letv has also announced next version of this UI, ie., EUI 6, so on UI part, no complaints.
Battery - Though battery life was somewhat low on initial days, but now, I get decent battery life that lasts for 1 whole day. Moreover, battery life would also be optimized with the new OTA update.
Customer Service - Haven't visited a service center as of now, but had a talk with Letv Customer Care regarding some minor software bug. Unlike other companies, Letv customer care executive was listening to the query very patiently and his response was also satisfactory.
----------------------------------------
Upgrading the rating to 5 star 
I recently did a factory reset and found that battery life have increased a bit. Also, the phone is emitting somewhat less heat than before. 
Also heard that the company would be rolling OTA update in February end or March beginning. 
Suggestions to new users - Do a Factory Reset of the phone before using it for the first time. You might get more battery life and less heating issues post doing it. 
Cheers! 
--------------------------------------
I'll only be reviewing common known issues and confusions regarding this phone.
1. Heating - NO! The phone doesn't gets heated on normal usage. It gets heated only when it is used while charging or when some heavy games are played on it. Though the phone gets warm, we cant say it actually hot. It is pretty usable.
P.S. - This phone is powered by an octa-core 2.2 GHz processor which in itself is very powerful: moreover, the phone is sleek and is made up of full metal uni-body, so some amount of heating is always expected. The OS optimization in the future may also address the heating issue.
2. Battery Life - The phone has an average battery life, But, the phone charges amazingly fast. I got an average screen on time of about 4 hours with normal usage. Again, OS optimization is needed to increase the battery life.
3. Camera - 
Rear - The camera of the phone is also average (bit above average.) The camera struggles a bit in low light and artificial lighting conditions but it takes decent pictures in outdoor lighting conditions.
Front - Front camera is just an average one. Again, struggles to take good images in low light conditions but takes some nice pictures in Outdoor lighting conditions.
P.S. - If you want a phone with camera as your priority, this phone is not for you.
4. Third Party Launchers - Third party launchers works well with the LeEco Le 1s. (I tried Google Now Launcher, Nova Launcher etc), but only problem is it comes back to default EUI launcher when the memory is cleared.
Update - Just set the third party launcher as your default launcher and then it will work perfect. 
5. - Some users complaining about apps crashing and lags - I didn't faced any lags or app crashing up till now. I am pretty amazed by the performance of this phone. Performance of this phone can beat any sub 15k phone's performance.
6. RAM - I mostly get free ram of about 1.2 gb out of 3 gb (even if there is no app running) but this do not affect the performance of the phone.
7. EUI - The UI is having some issues as of now with some bugs, however I believe that company would roll out OTA updates in coming future to resolve the bugs.
8. Display - Display is too good.
9. Storage - You get 24 GB user available non-expandable storage which is still above the industry average. For me, It is enough as I will use OTG for all my movies and multimedia Stuff.
Things I like about this phone.
1. Snappy Processor
2. Loud Speakers
3. Excellent audio output through Aux. (I use JBL Tempo over the ear headset)
4. IR Blaster - There are very rare phones which provide IR blaster in this budget)
5. Fingerprint Sensor - The phone has a fast and an accurate fingerprint sensor. 
6. Full metal Uni-body design - The phone feels and looks very premium in hands because of its Metallic Design.
7. USB C Type cable - For some, it may be a disadvantage, but for me, it is awesome feature. In future, all the phones would be replaced with USB C-type cables. These cables are more durable, can be used from both sides, supports fast charging etc
Verdict - Blindly go for it if camera is not your priority.  
My Suggestion to LeTv - You have created a phone with excellent hardware and specs(except the Camera) under this range. Little hardwork on UI would make this phone a real #Superphone and will make the competition a run for their money.
This is my review as of now. If there is any update, I will edit the post with the update. Hope, you liked the review. 
 I just had a word with Letv customer care. A professional guy took my call he was so patient heard all my queries then gave me a soultion. An ota update will be hitting on 21feb so stay tuned. Charge your phone only when it reaches 5 to 10%. He said give mobile some time to settle down it will surely show some good battery results also fast charging starts to work. It is the only reason to pump such heat. He told me as soon as phone hits 40degrees the thermal activates. It won't allow you to go beyond as metal used is of high quality. He gave me a code *#*#4636#*#* to check exact temp reading under battery option. Dnt rely on other apps. So all our prblms will be solved by 21 feb.   
When i first received the mobile i feel it very good it looks grate. The design of the mobile is super under 11k range no other company will design like this.I posted many twits to Le Tv india for thanking them after a few hours i come to know how this mobile is heating. 
The main problem is HEATING  
1. when i try to get charge my phone it getting heat. 
2. when i make a call to some one again it heats  
3.when i browse inter net then the mobile get burn even i can't hold it on my hands 
4.while plying some music or any media clips then also it is getting warm. 
The other side  
I am fully satisfied with the size, color, display , sound, operating system everything is good. 
 After one week usage , following is my review 
Pros:
1) Elegant design and premier look.
2) Le UI
3) Price ( considering 10% cash back from axis bank and 50 EGV from Flipkart)
4) Display
5) Audio quality
6) Less bloat ware
7) Fast Charging
8) Accurate finger print sensor 
Cons:
1) Heating issue
2) Bad camera (both front and rear)
3) No expandable memory option 
I have contacted Le technical guy with heating and camera quality issue and below is teh reply. 
CAMERA Quality reply:
We are raising the consign to optimise the Camera quality to Developer, They are working on it. Hope its improve ASAP.
You can expect the OTA on 25th Feb. 
HEATING issue reply: 
Our LeTV phones are equipped with high-performance CPU chips which are relatively more energy-consuming. Prolonged periods of processor-demanding tasks such as gaming and video streaming tend to cause the phones to warm up. This is a quite universal behavior of most, if not all smartphones. Our phones are also encaged in metallic cover or wrapped in metallic bands, resulting in a relatively warmer feel to the hand. 
After testing, we have found the following causes that may lead to excessive heating,
1. Certain third-party apps which have yet to be fully optimized for Android L take up extra system processing power, leading to excessive energy consumption and heating.
2. When the display is left on for longer periods, such as video streaming and navigation.
3. When CPU-demanding games are played - results in severe heating.
4. When cellular data is in use, or when wifi is connected. 
 Its Been almost 15 days i have been using this phone and writing this in comparision to other budget phone which might not have few features as comapred to Le 1s but has great service and willingness to help and that way to make a mark on Large Indian market. 
Pros : 
1. Good Screen in this budget.
2. Finger Print Sensor a Plus.
3. 32Gb with these feature is again Extra.
4. Very User friendly. Very Easy for a new smart phone buyer.
5. Excellent Metal body. 
Cons: 
1. Pathetic Developer support for India from this Chinese company. They have not provided their Indian Technical team with basic ROM so that they can actually improve the performance of the overall system and hardware compatibility.
2. Tech team is also useless. They have released the OTA update with corrupted file.
you cannot update your phone even if its never been rooted.
3.People all over India found solutions to thier problem from other android developers before the company.
5. Touch is pathetic.
6. Camera Sucks. Compare with Mi RedMi 1s which is the cheapest from Mi. Still better camera.
7. UI is also not so happening. Lacks so many basic features. They do not have widget of Direct dialling. Height is they do not have gesture controls.
8. Fingerprint Unlock features claims to unlock in .09 Sec. but that's only if you get the finger placed right at once. mostly you don't. (iphone is incomparable with this).
No Customization with eui. Just see UI from Asus. Even in 10000 Budget phone they give all the customization of 25000 phone.
9. If you ask tech team to improve it they will only have one answer that we aer listening Superfans. and they never show up again.
10.Letv is more into marketing than after service. If you are not very good at android development or if you can not solve software level problem yourself. I ADVICE YOU PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE. 
Just because you give lots of features and nice looking phone dosent work anywhere in the world. THE PHONE SHOULD PERFORM AS PER ITS LOOKS HARDWARE AND SOFTWARE. 
If you are very attracted by the marketing of this company than please DO NOT FALL FOR IT. 
In my opinion let the company take care of all the points and than let them show the results in terms of existing users and than buy. 
Selling OTA Services and assembled TV Box is a different thing and Making a phone which people like using is another thing. You might have enough money to invest in new markets but you also need to have knowledge and willingness for After Sales Service. 
If you Like it Please Let others know it so they do not waste their money. Buy a Reputed company phone instead 
 No repair for this phone you should pay 5000 and they will replace ur phone with new one it take 10 to 25 days. My phone glass breaked not screen its horrible. 
Phone looks good Use it like toy in show case
Major problem is heating issue
 -- U cannot spend more time with this phone 
 if you use it for long calls your ear will burn
 if you want to browse more your hand will burn 
Stratup idea -- make cooling pad for it put flash sale  
 Update 25Feb2016:
I requested for replacement option and got new letv le 1s phone. Headphone jack issue has been resolved. It seems some hardware defect in the first piece.
But still battery drain and heat is a huge problem.
Waiting for software update. 
Need to mention about flipkart service. Flipkart service and follow-ups are awesome and very helpful. Definitely for flipkart service I would rate 5 but for this product still 1 or 2.
-----------------------------------------------
Phone is not great. Dont rush for flash sale, I did mistake in buying this phone in first flash sale :(. I would recommend everyone to wait until Letv fix issues.  
Pros: As everyone knows look and feel is awesome.
Cons: 
1) Phone will be warm always during standby but during calls/camera usage, it will become extremely hot. 
2) Battery drain very fast. Even in standby mode with wifi & data turn off, battery lasts hardly for 8hrs. I need to charge atleast twice daily :(
3) Major problem am facing with my phone is headphone jack. None of 3.5mm jack fits perfectly. I need to press the headphone hardly and to keep holding to hear music. I tried with different brand headphones/earphones and same problem always.
4) Both front & rear camera is just below average. 
 I was in a dilemma whether to go for K4 Note or Le 1S and after a lot of reviews, i gave it for Le1S. I was so excited that i could book the phone in the flash sale and even more excited till the phone arrived. The phone looks extremely stylish and premium. However, am so disappointed with its Battery performance and Horrible Camera. 
Cons:  
1) Battery - Though Le1S boasts of 3000 mAh Battery, its very ulterior when compared to normal smart phones. On the first day i charged the phone upto 80% in the night and to my surprise by next morning it was 20%. This is ridiculous coz considering that i havent used the phone at all in the night and once under 15% the battery discharges in super fast mode and you could literally see the percentage drop. Unfortunately and surprisingly the Screen Time takes the maximum share of the Battery, even though you are not operating the phone. The moment you switch between screens of use any of the social media app, you can literally see the battery discharging very fast. Because of the poor battery life the whole Premium feel of the phone gets lost. 
2) Camera - Majority of the Smartphone comes with 13MP Rear and 5 MP Front, but again surprisingly, both the cameras are so Horrible that its impossible for you to take good pics unless supported by perfect light conditions. The 5MP front camera is the worst i have ever seen so far. It does not have many options unlike many budget phones. I still wonder as to what kind of R&D these guys have done before launching this phone. 
3) Call Quality - Call quality is pretty average with lot of fluctuations. Initially i was under impression that it could be due to poor signal from either of the parties, but after lot of validation, i came to conclusion that its not the signal or service provider, but the phone itself has issues with call quality. 
Pros: 
1) - Premium build Quality
2) - Good UI and its such a wonderful feeling to browse the phone (Very good Touch)  
 Phone gets heats up even after 2 mins usage. Goes nearly 45 c. I am going to return this product. Total waste of time and money. Not worthy at all. 
 i have purchased this phone that it will be flagship phone 
here are my reviews after using for 4 days 
pros
1. battery charged at fast speed
2. Build quality is very good
3. display is very good 
cons :
1 Battery backup is very poo, drain in in just 1 minute from 20% battery 
2. Camera quality is very poor, indoor quality is very poor as compare to other competitor phone like k4 note
3. no memory card slot
4. some kind of vibration when phone is on charging mode and in hand, it is due to metal body, i think not suitable for usage while charging 
over all : i think letv is improve this problem to enter in indian market  
 Pros: full hd display is good..viewing angle really great.
 looks premium.. no body will believe this phone costs only 11k.. because lookwise can comparable with above 20 k phones
 finger print sensor 8 out of 10 times working flawelessly
 i experienced no lag so far
 quick charging is grt from 15 percent to 100 percent in 90 minutes
 IR BLASTER supports all kind of tv but in ac blue star and o genaral support is not there. Built quality is simply awesome....full metal for 10 k is really nice 
cons: ram management is poor .. out of 3 gb ram after installed 20 apps..... only 700 to 800 mb free ram available all time.... 
 camera is not as good as mi4i and k3 note
eui is okay but cant compete with miui.....
battery is above average onl not too good.. but fast charging is there so v can satisfy with it while charging i experienced warm on sides. but thats common in quick charging 
final verdict: value for every penny u invested.... if ur previous device is mi means u wil slightly disappoint like me.... if u r a mi fan wait for redmi note 3 ... for others it is really good choice below 16k  
 All seams to be good in pics, reviews and all. But, in reality I found don't go with all those.  
1. Fast charging is good. But, heating I found. Discharging fast. I replaced charger with 5v .. 2A other brand mibile charger and same original USB cable no heat and battery stands more longer with this.  
2. 3Gb RAM... First time switched on the mobile I found 1.4gb only available. After using fb and remain social media apps its gone to below 600mb. In 32gb 25gb only available. 
3. Coming to Camera colors r not good. 13mp is there in pixels but not in quality and clarity. 5mp front cam is good when compare with rear cam. 
4. In bottom spkear holes r two side, but only one speaker for Dolby effect. I thing another side for mic. Music is not good with one speaker. When using head set its very good.  
5. I tried to copy WhatsApp folder from my old mobile using system, it saying stop copying or skip copying. Zipped the folder copied and in zipped in mobile. 
6. I am unable to disable Google apps 
UI almost look like xiomi.  
Happy things... 
1. Out look was beautiful. 
2. Finger print 
3. In this budget best one, if ui use of ram decreases. 
4. Usb-c connector and cable design.  
What I want... 
1.UI have to improve 
2. Camera 
3. Battery charging improve 
4. Disable of built-in apps 
5. More internal storage 
Friends Please tell me if I did any mistakes.  
 It's a pretty good deal. Most of the buyers already know its pros. If you get a chance to buy it then you should go ahead. 
But...you should know that they don't include a gyroscope in the phone for some reason.(which means no photo spheres or games that use the sensor don't work) Not a big deal for most people. 
I also faced heating issues constantly. And, the battery drained really fast which is unusual. The skin also neglects to show a battery graph. While I hate skins in general, the eUI skin isn't as intuitive or feature rich as MIUI 7. The company has a long way to go before they catch up with Xiaomi. Hopefully, the development community will thrive. 
Call quality is subpar at best. I didn't find the voice clear or loud enough at max volume. 
Camera is quite terrible. Not sure what went wrong. Shots are usually blurry or extremely grainy.
It's also a bit worrying that the company hasn't confirmed an update to Marshmallow yet. 
 I bought this phone & I was Satisfied of its design and Other Features such as fingerer Sensor lock
but I am total Dissatisfied with its camera as the picture quality is worst. Clicked Picture get Blured when I zoom it. Please guys those are photos freaks please do not buy this phone. another thing which i realized is that Comapny Gave 3GB RAm in this phone but customer will only get 1.2 GB available free memory which is too low. 
 I dont see any fast charging happening. Can anyone confirm is fast charging working. Like in 5 mins it just charged 2 %. Looking at the claims made they said in 5 mins it will charge for 3 hrs backup. 
Pros:
Looks Amazing, best thing about this phone.
Performance good
Display very bright better than peers 
Cons:
Fast charging not there.
Charger is too bulky
No headphones provided with 10k plus phone.
Showing little Lag in playing games.
Sim card tray seems delicate .Tray could be broken if not taken care. 
 Flipkart's service is excellent I GOT MY MOBILE ON 4 the FEB MORNING BUT LETV 1S MOBILE IS NOT FULFILL YOUR EXPECTATIONS.
 Average mobile great design build look.but there are problems like camera quality is very poor,minor software bug.battery life is not so good,heating issues
Overall average mobile 
 -> Build and design is very nice. Looks premium but the phone edges doesn't seem very well constructed! Very good looking and materials used are top notch but I have some doubts on build quality and how it fares in long run needs to be seen!
-> Display is again very good! High brightness levels and good color reproduction! Personally, I'm not a fan of that thick black bezel around display though!
-> Performance which I think is the USP of this phone as expected is very snappy! No lags! Has a lot of raw power underneath! Ram management could have been better but still Multitasking is very good due to presence of 3gb ram!
-> UI: Letv's has its own eui on top of android 5.0.2. eui is fast and fluid and is not as heavy as say miui but it has some bugs which make the phone lag a bit at times (rarely). As I didn't like the default launcher, I'm using nova launcher which works flawlessly.
-> Camera is very average! Don't buy this for camera!
-> Finger print sensor works well! Its not very fast as you see on flagships obviously but it gets the job done and very useful feature! Accuracy ~ 80%
-> Fast Charging seems to be really working well as advertised! It heats a bit while charging but it is completely normal. Any phone gets warm while getting charged especially with a fast charger.
-> Call quality is decent.
-> Battery is good enough. I'm getting easily a Screen on time of 4 hours which can get me through a day without any issues. But again it varies greatly from person to person though depending on the usage!
--> Speaker output is good via speakers. It gets decently loud and quality is also fine. Audio output via headphones is not great and not bad either, its average.
All in all, for 11k/- It seems like a very good phone according to my initial impressions!
I will keep on updating the review as and when I find anything new! 
 Before buying this mobile I watched lots of reviews and I got amazed and impressed.  
Finally I bought and came across following issues.  
Top scroll will not provide controls for Wifi,data etc.  
The call quality is too poor that at full volume you ll hear cracking voice which is unexpected. 
The edges of phone are very sharp, it hurts ear very badly and u cant talk more than 10 mins. It can cut ears too in certain cases.  
The body of phone is made with very poor thin aluminium, I realized this when mobile fell down from two feet, it got lots of dents.  
There is half mm gap between glass and outer body, feels like glass is not properly fixed.  
The glass of the mobile is hardly one mm thick, sharp edges of the phone are above the glass. 
There is huge play in all buttons.  
Frankly it starts heating if you play any games or you use internet or you keep it on charging. 
Finally seems like I bought 3gb ram and 32gb memory without mobile. 
If you read this review and still you want to buy then after receiving mobile check all above cons with it on first day only dont go on premium looks.  
This is my first 1 star review about mobile.  
 Looking for this mobile when it first saw this on a Chinese site.
Initial impression was a "wow"
Superb design liked the metal build and interaction was smooth
Display has good viewing angles and UI is smooth
especially the controls coming when menu button is pressed.
Finger print scan was decent.
5 star for fast charging- this is one of the best i used so far.
Camera is good can be better especially under low light.
I can feel bit heat when I charged initially and constant use of 4G .
Overall letv did't let me down. 
@Flipkart- I did not expect the delivery will be this quick.keep it up. 
 if we use phone 30 mins .heating the phone heavily.
look is good.
charging is not up-to the mark.
only 1 gb ram is available 
 1. heating very big problem... after using 15-20 minute it start heating a lot
2. Its Battary drain very fast, it doen't long last for 1 day.
3. camera Quality is very very poor.  
 Got this mobile on 2nd Feb very first sale. I am having issue with speaker, sound having scratch noise while talking to someone, also having heating issue with this phone is heating very quickly in just 15 Mins, if browsing with 3G network, playing games and watching videos or talking.
I have requested Flipkart for return.  
Issues:
1. Heating is the major problem of this device, if you use this only 10-15 Mins.
2. Battery, draining fast while playing games and surfing internet.
3. You will get only 800 MB to 1000MB ram available for user.  
Advantages: 
1. Fingerprint scanner is very good.
2. Display is perfect.
3. Design is cool.   
 UPDATE: Feb04 
Fully charged battery from 0% to 100% it took exactly 1hour30min. Used it for few min and slept. Next day morning the battery level is still 100%. I am very surprised. I used the mobile for another 15min still it is 100%. Battery assistant is in Ultra-long stand by mode. I think it does all this wonders. Extraordinary battery!! Don't believe the negative comments about the battery. Regarding fast charging, my phone got charged 65% in 45minutes and I felt WOW. No lag at all so far.. Will update further..  
After 4hours of average usage with wifi (whats app, app download, a bit browsing and idle for around 2hour) battery went down to 99%. To my way of usage i start to believe that this mobile will last for 3days. Extremely good battery. Note: Mobile is in Ultr-long stand by mode. We need to enable wifi manually in this mode. 
Feb03: 
Ordered the product on Feb2 flash sale. Got it on the next day itself!! Thumbs up to Flipkart... Mobile is super cool.. Display of the mobile is gorgeous and crisp. Viewing angles are top notch. with 30% of battery I am able to get around 3hours of display on time. Also able to manage around 6hours. I was doing heavy downloading in those periods. Completely dried the battery and charged it again. 15min of charging gave around 10% of charge from 0%. Below are some of my initial impressions. I will update my findings. 
1. Software of the mobile looks silky smooth. 
2. No lags at all. Really impressed by the software. 
3. Metal body looks very premium in hand. 
4. Camera samples are really good.
5. Mobile signal is extremely consistent and very quick to get back the signal from no signal area.
6. Fast charging works well.
7. Wifi signal strength seems to be better than asus Zenfone 5 (I was owning zenfone 5)
8. Not any unnecessary apps present in the mobile. EUI looks cool.
9. Fingerprint scanner works good. Gave around 85% of accuracy.
10. Google apps are pre installed in this version unlike Chinese version.   
 Stylish ,Powerful ,Smart - Has almost all features & zero bloatware  
Pros: - 
Has lot of bells & whistles ,lot of extras ,has themes , pre-loaded google apps ,has hidden radio,dlna services ,works as a very good TV,AC remote. Can be used as torch light. finger print sensor is very good . screen modes (normal ,vivid etc etc)are very good. Color of the phone is rose gold and looks better then internet pics.Notification light is multi colour and hidden so its good.Capacitive buttons light up only when touched. Screen brightness & dolby audio both are very good . Feels solid and not so big for a 5.5inch device -perfect for my hands. Noticable bezel not entirely bezel less[Most of the internet reviews doesnt justify this phone as this device is much more appealing when you see it in real]  
cons:- 
Just i have few concerns which should be fixed immediately by updates :-
1).Its overheating bcuz of quick charge ,phone became too hot within 15-20 mins
2) Camera quality should be improved also auto focus is slow & picture is grainy some times 
3) No Marshmallow update. And maybe no Android N update in future .
4) Freespace is 25gb available when i 1st switched the phone on.
5) Ram usage should be future reduced. 
// i wont get anything from saying all this ,also im not trying to stop you from buying this product - superfans should buy it and they will like no doubt. what im trying to do is make letv iron out all these small bugs.  
with out the cons phone is a 5star device   
 DO NOT buy this phone. This is extremely fragile.
Phone fell from 2ft height and the screen scattered...
Went to service center in Pune, they are saying 6000+Service charges+Service tax. I am not going to pay 7-8k more on an 11k phone.
Very disappointed with the product, my hard-earned money wasted.. :( 
 Simply, the phone rocks in features list but sucks in usage. Let me tell you the problems in phone first 
Cons:
1. At idle also, the phone will be warm (you can warness always when you are keepig in your pocket). In normal usage, you can sense increased level of heat. At the optimum usage & charging the phone, you can use it as heater to make hot water.
2. Battery will drain like anything for normal usage itself (can expect to stand for 3-4 hrs in normal usage) but standstill at idle
3. Few inbuilt apps itself force closed while using (For example clock app)
4. Only 1.3GB RAM only for usage forget about 3GB RAM
5. Camera literally sucks and fooling us by mentioning it as 13 MP & 5 MP front
6. Forgot about transferring files. It is taking 3 minutes to copy a mp3 song from laptop to phone & vice versa
7. calls quality average
8. Sound output is average
9. Normal UI
10. Mother of all, you can't return/request for replacement unless there is a defect while unboxing the phone. If you request for replacement with the above problems, simply the flipkart representative will call you and tell some bullshit diagnose options and at last will reject your replacement request. Refund is not an option to this phone. Flipkart, I am damn sure you will regret later for this kind of attitude. 
I am quite confused, how all the review sites were tight lipped about the above problems. If you are okay with above problems, you can buy it wit the following pros 
Pros: 
1. HD screen with good sarpeness
2. Design is outstanding
3. With C-type charger fast charging is commendable
4. Finger print sensor is excellent 
Final verdict:
Literally, I am feeling like dropping 11k in drainage with knowledge by buying this phone. 
DON'T BUY IT. If you don't believe, experience the problmes after buying it. All the best! ;) 
 Pathetic customer support 
The phone claims to have been built with " metal body " but is extremely fragile. The screen glass shattered into pieces from a fall of mere 2 feet!
That wasn't enough to dishearten me, customer support did that job! When I called the customer centre to fix the outer glass of the phone( screen was intact n functional), they said that the phone can't be repaired and only replacement was the option! They said they would charge 6k plus taxes for the simple glass replacement ( few days back, replacement of same glass for Samsung grand 2 cost me only 500). To this a disagreed. So after multiple calls to customer care, they lowered down the repair cost to 4k plus taxes. 
I had given the phone for replacement on 8 th March. On 15 th I received call from company that my phone was repaired n I should collect it from service centre. Next day when I visited service centre, the phone was not received!
When I called back the customer care, they said that they might have mixed up phone numbers and accidently called me. Asked me to wait for one more week. 
On 27 th when I called, they again said that it would take one more week to arrive.  
On 7 th April when I called, is promised that the phone was dispatched n will be delivered on Saturday, I.e. 9 th April. 
Today when I called the customer care, they say they have no clue where the phone is and I should wait for 24hrs more to let them to figure out where the phone was.... They have no clue when it'll be delivered!!! 
Every time i call, they ask me all the numbers; job sheet no. Phone number, imei no., customer center name, pin code..... After asking so much they can't tell anything.... Extremely frustrated with the poor anmanagement n customer support. 
 This phone is truly budget effective but, I am totally dissatisfied with the camera quality and the display. The display is not bezel less as described in many sites and by the seller, it has a gutter around four sides. Moving objects are not captured properly with main camera, they are blurred. You just forget about taking a selfie with this phone. Eventhough the memory is 3GB, it takes 1.8 GB for the OS and standard apps to run and user only provided with 1.2 GB, what is the deal here? 
I do not recommend this phone. MI4i would be far better than this in the same budget, or may be go for Lenovo K3 note 
My personal opinion is definitely not worth buying I am planning to return if such possibility exists.  
Another latest issue observed is.. after update is installed, the OOTB browser is not at all working and microphone is not working when speaker is ON.. Totally unhappy with the quality of your products. 
pros : 
budget phone
display quality 
cons :
camera
memory
heating up while charging
not bezel less 
 the phone is much more than i expected...it has an awesome metal body and has a good feel in had....the graphics is excellent and games work outstanding...the camera is also superb ....the sound clarity is much more than the other phones in the segment...the phone is so fast and there is no lag ....and theres a lot of space in phone memory...the finger print sensor is pretty fast and recognises so well... and the features is awesome in this phone
and is any one planning to buy a phone in this segment go for it.....
its a great deal for the price and its more than worth....
and i rate 5 star for the product 
 Hello All, 
I bought this mobile in the 2nd flash sale. After 1 and half days of usage, below are my observations. 
First of all, the mobile was delivered in a day as promised!! Thanks Flipkart for the commitment and keeping it up.  
Looks :
As soon as I unboxed it, I was like Wooooooow!!!!. The mobile looked premium! Excellent built - full metal body.  
Feel :
The mobile is not so heavy and its slim. 5.5 inch screen is wide enough for you to play around. The touch is amazing with absolutely no lag.  
Speed :
I installed more than 30 apps (Mixture of Games, business, social networking, etc). The switch between apps is good - All because of its 3 GB RAM/2.2 Ghz processor (user will be left with approx 1.7 GB RAM, rest is used by the phone). I ran Asphalt 8 in full graphics mode, and it was as smooth as butter. 
Camera :
Camera is a bit let down. The photos are not crisp and even in the broad day light, there is some noise in the photos. I would say - Not a perfect blend with other features of the phone. 
Battery :
The battery was almost full (92%) when I unboxed it. Now after installing all the apps, playing games, etc and normal usage, it lasted for 1 and 1/2 days. I kept it for charging 1 hour back and its almost full again!!! super speed charging!!! 
Fingerprint Sensor :
This is a beauty. I guess no mobile in this range will have this. A great security feature I would say.  
Others :
There is no headphones given with the phone. Please buy a cover for this phone if you have unsafe hands. It will slip off from your hands very quickly!! 
Conclusion - 
Do not look back. Go ahead and hit the buy button!!! Nothing of this sort comes at this price.   
 After 24 hours usage: 
1. Display: So pathetic. 4/10
2. Sound: Mono Speaker, still the sound quality is good. 8/10
3. Software: Nice try, but people might hate. 5/10
4. Build Quality: Looks like an iPhone, however it's weight is more. 8/10
5. Type C Charger: I have no clue why it takes 1.5 full hours to charge & ever 2 min 1% discharge. Poor batter backup. 4/10
6. Camera: Very poor, that to front camera seems to be like VGA. Never expect 13MP or 5MP all I see is 2MP. 3/10
8. IR: Yes it has, one good feature. 10/10
9. Finger Lock: Say awesome. 10/10
10. Performance: 6/10 
Verdict: 
The Letv Le 1s is just a smartphone and certainly some people might get impressed with its performance. However, it has plenty of issues, like a kernel that ends up eating into the battery life, camera and call quality issues. 
 Guy's please don't buy this phone as they don't give headphone with it. Also phone heat a lot... if you try to connect a headphone to the phone it is very hard to put it in & even removing is very difficult. Please don't by this phone our's 11000 paying to this phone is not a worth. Even display is not superior it is very dull & camera clarity is totally waste as it does not give pure resolution. Please please please don't buy this cell phone. 
 A great phone over all. But heats up every now and then. Not sure what makes it heat so much. clean maste shows CPU tem above 40 degree. not sure if this app is reliable. Other than this speaker, camera, display, finger print scanner etc is good as expected. Worth the money. Looks premium in every aspect.  
Update : 
The phone heats up sharply and does not seems to come down even after 60 minutes.
When it is warm at 40 degree celsius it does not recognize finger print. low touch sense, I am really worried as this may lower battery capacity in coming days if this continues. I am thinking to return if i notice this for next 3-4 days. Please comment if some one facing similar issues. 
update 2: 
I Reset phone for problems mentioned in first update. 
After unlocking phone through FP scanner for several times it says like "You have to enter password to unlock phone using finger print scanner" May be i used it to unlock lot of times in a small interval of time. 
Not able to connect to letv cloud "failed to obtain information"  
For excess heating during charging: avoid using phone when plugged in to socket it will keep temperature below 35 degrees. 27 - 100 in around 40 minutes.   
 First Impressions: very very familiar looking UI(read ios),
camera takes decent pictures indoor, very good pictures outdoor
fingerprint scanner accurate (9/10) times and quick too
light weight.
games are a breeze on this handset.  
lovely product ! 
ps: on first boot available ram is around 900mb-1.2gb , do a factory reset to release more ram.   
 Bought with high expectations but Le 1s did not met my expectations. 
Came to know that Le Eco is pushing update very soon to solve all UI issues. 
Pros
1.Fingerprint sensor is good and responsive.
2.Looks premium.
3.Value for money.
4.Screen is very clear and bright.
5.Performance is very good.
6.Excellent hardware combination but software needs to be improved.
7.Charging is very fast. 
Cons
1.Overheating when charging and using internet.
2.Front camera is very poor. Seems like issue with my phone sensor.Getting blurred images.
3.Rear camera is giving average images
4.Lot of UI bugs.Many apps are crashing.
5.No FM Radio.
6.Battery drains very fast
7.Call quality could have been better.
8.Sound output is average. 
 cons :
A heat broiler in my hand .
camera is bad ( do not buy it for camera purpose ) .
fast charging doesnt seem to work well . 
pros :
Multi tasking , internet surfing and file transfer is super fast ...
everything else other than this . 
My final verdict :
better go for lenovo k4 note or wait for redmi note 3 / mi5 
 Last week i brought a new Letv Le 1s Phone with lot of dream in mind. but now in a wonderland after watching the amazing feature that is Artificial intelligence (AI) based touching panel. i don't need to do any thing in screen the phone will do every thing.
When i watch the movies or typing text or doing anying the phone will automatically press the back button. I thank letv for introducing this new feature. 
Another good feature is auto enabled network handing
 Its another feature i will automatically identify the call and drop the signal. that help me to reduce the phone bill and time.  
There are lot of grate feature like this but due to the time limitation can't explain more feature.  
Thank you Letv 
 I expected a lot and was disappointed after using for few hours 
Baddies
EUI is not good as MiUi
Camera is just ok
Call quality could have been better 
Besties
The best thing in the phone is finger print sensor its superb (bt dis is my 1st finger print sensor phone though) 
It impress you but lacks few mandate requirements which can be manahed though. 
It cant compete with mi or one plus in software wise.  
 Review after four days of usage 
First the pros(very few)
- Display is gorgeous
- Built is premium
- Touch response is good
- No bloatware 
- IR blaster is good 
Now the cons
- Out of box, the finger print scanner didn't work, a factory reset fixed it
- Hot, hotter and hottest, its gets hot even with basic operations, charging, using camera, heat is much more around the upper side of panel
- While gaming, temperature reaches mid fifties, causing frame drops and lags, even with basic games like subway surfer, world cricket championship, yet to test with high end games
- Pathetic ram management, I never get above 1.4 GB free even at idel state 
- Worst of the cameras I've seen, no proper focus, pixelated images even with HDR mode
- Don't even think about selfies 
- Finger print is not so accurate, have to try twice every time
- Battery drains like water leaking from a broken tap, did factory reset twice as suggested in few other reviews, but no use  
I'm not a fan boy of any brand, but whenever I see the camera output, ram availability, could not help comparing my broken mi3  
I bought this phone only for helio x10, but what's purpose of having a powerful processor with poor ram managing, battery eating software 
If Le had put half of the efforts, it used for creating hype, in the testing and quality checking department, the phone would have performed lot better  
Won't recommend even to my enemy  
The only star is for flipkart's fast delivery, otherwise a negative rating for the phone  
 Thanks for Flipkart for delivering the mobile on time. There are many problems in the phone.
1. Auto Sync - When this option is enabled also we will not receive Emails, Whatsapp msgs. We need to go into the application and should refresh.
2. Vibrate on Touch - When this option is disabled this will work and when it is enabled it works in some places and after some time it completely will not work.
3. Phone generates lot of heat.
4. There are many minor issues which should be fixed. 
 I'll comment only on the common talking points. 
Heating: No, that isn't an issue. With the fast charging, playing games would definitely put load on the processor and some heat is unavoidable. Which is also negligible. So heating is definitely NOT an issue. 
Charging: Fast charging, indeed. took 50 mins to charge from 10 percent to 100.  
Performance: Really good, even with 10-12 apps open, 1GB ram is left and the fast processor makes switching between apps quite a smooth task. Also enough storage is present in the beginning(25/6 GB), with all the google apps pre-installed. 
UI: Not exactly like iOS as some people claimed. Some features are similar, but it gives the feel of a proper Android device only. 
Coming from a nexus 5 to this, I really like the UI and the android experience here as well. 
Camera: Both the front and rear cameras are average (7.5/10), but good under outdoor/good light conditions. The front camera with the fingerprint capture makes it easier to capture selfies. Not the best option if you're looking for a brilliant/iPhone level camera, but definitely not bad. It's average at worst. 
The only con for me was that the world clock feature makes the clock app crash. Hope that will be fixed in a future software update.  
I'll update the review after a longer usage duration, but till now the phone seems to be a brilliant buy at this price. 
 I was very happy that I was one of the lucky person to get this phone at the time of its first sale. But, now while I am using this phone I found that it was one of my biggest mistake to buy this phone. Just to use 10-15 minutes of whatspp I need to charge this phone for entire day. I charged the phone 100% two times in a day to check my whatsapp. I haven't even made a single call or haven't played any game or haven't use this phone for any other purpose. And, it continued for 3 days n now i am not using phone any more n will return the phone back. This is the worst phone i have ever seen in my life in terms of its usage n battery life. One can use as many as abusing words for this phone and even that will not be enough for this phone. If there was a option of giving negative ranking I would have given negative 5 (-5) ranking for this phone. But, can't help it. Don't have option but to give it positive rating of 1. 
 Build and design is very nice. 
>Display is again average 
>Camera is very average! Don't buy this for camera! 
>Performance which I think is the USP of this phone as expected is very snappy! 
> I have some doubts on build quality and how it fares in long run needs to be seen!
>i had used the phone for 9 hrs Battery is drains fast.
>Phone tend to heat up to 53 degree to 55~C even while charging the device heats up too 
> Random shut Down .
> thirty party application Like Airtel APP does not work. and many other APP too 
> Average phone Not worth for money 
 Lucky to get it in flash sale yesterday, today morning by 10:30 AM i received the super phone. It feels just awesome in hand because of its build quality. Let me use it for few days and come to conclusion. But i did not receive the promotion offer of 500 RS flipkart voucher, just raised complaint let me see what happens (But very much disappointed with flipkart customer care because people over there don't know about this offer and they made me to send the screenshot of their own site funny). OK my initial impressions
1. Phone looks premium quality very high quality built
2. Touch and the UI is very nice no glitches 
3. Camera is descent but i tried it only indoor without flash but not disappointing
4. Good quality charger and the cable but no head phones :(
5. Sound is awesome 
It is little heating up initially may be because of metal body i guess overall worth for money just go for it, let me try to use it for one week and write detailed review. 
After using few days i am planning to return it back :( Why,
1. Battery lasts for less than day
2. Heating problem is big worry.
3. UI is very basic and you will start feeling bored.
4. No headphone and any accessories
 not satisfied with the product   
Thanks,
Mithun   
 the heating issue has been fixed 80% so far, performance has been hugely improved , PEOPLE calm your tits Leco cares a lot about their customers and it shows....... 
 ONLY IF you are ready to use this device, wearing Industrial gloves, go for it. I have never witnessed any electronic device heat up so much ever. I am an average user with calls, sms, email and social media. No music or Video at all. Still this one heats up, enough to iron my handkerchief.  
You may find the explanation a little exaggerated, however there was no subtle way to put the issue across. Overall the specs are a killer atvthevpeice point, and I wish the makers had not gone that extra mile, to use a complete metal casing. It clearly is a major design fault and LeEco experts should get back to the drawing table.  
Other major claim that falls flat on the face, is the fast charging and battery claims. The handset takes full around 2 hours to get completely charged. Post the 2 hours, it takes another 15 mins for it to cool down. On controlled moderate usage, the charge lasts just 1/3rd of the day and one needs to carry the charger along.  
Have made 3 official complains with LeEco's feedback link, however there has been no action. 
P.S. : Prior to this brand I have used Nokia, HTC, Samsung and for a long while a BlackBerry. Le 1s kills all the above brands outright on specs, but in doing so burns you to hell of an experience. 
Conclusion: All that glitters is not Gold. Avoid it to save embarrassment and the roasting 
Thanks 
Irfan  
 Received the phone after 2 days of delay. 
The following points I noticed till this date. 
1. Good build quality,fitting is average; can see some tiny gaps in the corners.
2. Sound quality is average not as much as expected ( Even they mentioned Dolby digital)
3. Display is OK
4. Free memory is less than 700Mb after a few apps opened.
5. Nearly 25Gb is available in Storage.(Enough for an average user)
6. So much of heating issues while charging also in use.
7. The camera quality is very pathetic in low light conditions.(looks like some older cheap chinese brands(May be this also come from the same)) - Both rear and front
8. It takes good images while in fair day light(Don't expect more with this).
9. Also Camera app has only a very few options.
10.Touch and Finger print scanner is perfectly good.
11. Can also found a few software glitches.
12. Quite fast charging is awesome. But the battery is also quickly dropes. In high usage, it may last upto 1 day. An average user can keep it without charging till 1 - 1.5 days. 
Also one request to flipkart, 
If such kind of flagship killer phones are introduced, please be ready with its compatible accessories too. As the recent days, headphones are not packed in almost every phone. Also screen guards and flip covers are really important accessories. If flipkart can offer such accessories combo along with these newly introduced phones, it might be helpful to a lot of peoples who couldn't find these from local markets. 
 camera quality worst................. 
in the charging time mobile full heat ........................ 
overall not good....................   
 This phone is not that great and camera quality is bad, in low light captured images are dark, insufficient flash for capturing images in low light. Phone is getting heated up on usage and battery is draining very quickly. 
 Yesterday I got this phone ,I was Satisfied of its design and Other Features such as Remote, finger Sensor lock.
But I am total Dissatisfied with its camera as the picture quality is worst. Clicked Picture get worst quality when I zoom it. please do not buy this phone. another thing which i realized is that Company Gave 3GB RAm in this phone but customer will only get 1.6 GB available free memory which is too low. 
And i bought six months back Moto g 3rd generation same price its working better then letv le 1s 
 Phone is good and value for money, but the major problem is heating.
To Reduce it follow these command: 
1) Update the Phone EUI 5.5 ( You have already Updated proceed to next Step) 
2) Dial *#*#4636#*#* 
3) Go to Phone Information (1st Option)
4) Go to the last and there will a command Toggle DNS not allowed
5) Touch on the option Toggle DNS to allow
6) Then restart your Mobile   
 Here my First Impressions about this phone, Most my comparisons will be with my earlier J7, as of now my rating will be 4.5:
Hands on Started with my Le 1S: 
- Packing was Awesome fully sealed box with bubble wrapped as per flipkart standards
- Imported on Jan 2016 which is not so old Impressed with it
- Box is simply Blank, I was expecting a LeEco Logo instead it was LeTV
- Immediatly opening the box there comes the killer Phone, Wow is the only word I can say now for the looks
- In box came in only C Type Cable with Indian Adapter along with SIM Ejector
- Phone feels pritty gripy in Hand as I was using an 5.5 phone earlier as well
- No sample Photos and Audios by Default
- Sticker was pasted in the back panel of phone which was an upset for me, worried it should attract dusts after peeling
- Installed ShareIT and transfering all my data now 
- The phone was almost like an Stock Android version which comes along with Nexus phones
 - The only extra App i could see is My LeTv
 - By Default it is setup with Beijing Time I was expecting it to be in IST 
- ShareIt is doing fantastic job of transfering my datas 
- Since my old mobile running with 5.1.1 and this is on 5.0.2 there were compatibility issue for google apps transfered using ShareIT, hope it will update over Wifi 
- Doing Transfer and Charging Parallely, feel little hot on the back Panel. When I switched on Phone was with 30 percent charge
 - Fingerprint is set up it works like sweet without any niggles, Worked 9 out of 10 times i tried
 - Screen looks little dull as it was with Mate screen default protector yet to peel it before i put an tempered one
Updated: Even i have come down that review, now i have tried making call, the quality was better than my earlier mobile.
- Signal reception is good as well could see all 4 points where in J7 i was getting only 3 points in the same place. SAR: .404 at Head and 1.38 at Body 
- Here the Minute things impressed me:
 - Feel like IOS is not different for me as I am using an IPad, dont see much difference for now i need to get used in the mobile 
- Backlight buttons were iluminating nicely and pretty decent
 - Fingerprint scanner is prone to finger prints, finger print works in any direction we place the fingers i mean it works 360 degrees 
- Sound from external speaker is good quality
 - Notification light: Glows in three colors: Red, Orange, Green
 - Red While charging with phone switched off 
- Orange while charging with phone On 
- Green when there is an Notification, green overrides orange while charging when unseen notifications are present 
- While using the phone charging seems slow, while Idle state charging it moved from 30-50% in 15 mins
- Audio : Using JBL ear phones quality is pretty good with all the details in the sound is good to hear
- Display: Double Tap is not working, not sure need to tweak in settings. Installed ACDsee but it is not working in the same way as my old phone to display notification when it arrives. Didnt see Battery value inpercentage when phone is locked, think need to have an external app here for the same.
- Performance: I am not an Hardcore gamer hence I cant comment from that perspective. Still i can play candy crush sort of games, but yet to install here. Heating issue stopped when i kept the phone idle during charging. 30-100 % done in 40-45 mins. Installed around 60 apps no lags at all and left with 1.3 GB RAM yet to sign in to whatsapp, Fb and other.
- Camera: Camera is decent but pictures with movement are little blurred. Flash was as good as dual tone in my J7
Overnight Usage Review: - Battery reduced around 7% with FB, Whatsapp running in the background which is acceptable for me
 - Contacts: I have transfered yet to try synching with gmail and FB contacts, not able to find settings
 - Finding issue with Launchers, installed zen and arrow launchers but when i tap clear memory it is going back to default EUI , not sure if everyone facing same
 - Flashlight is powerful enough - Charger adapter is in normal temperature while charging, i was expecting it to overheat since fast charging is supported 
 Few bugs need to be rectfied with immediate effect. 
 If we lock the phone with even putting password anyone can go to "settings" without unlock the phone. They can click task clear button and go to settings. It was unsecured.. 
 The shotrcut options for some frequently used options like data/wifi/bluetooth/Auto rotation in th top means it will be better
 Feels mobile heating
 Camera quality and camera settings to be increased
 Need Apps home button 
 Need gesture like double tap to wake the phone instead pressing the power button always
 Any motion option for silent the phone /playing music with the gestire can be added
 1.32 RAM only showing
 Battery percentage level to be shown near battery level, every time want to check the battery level through settings only 
 Great build ,smooth UI, very good screen quality , camera quality in outdor good , camera quality in indoor ok ok for rear camera , poor for front camera. 
Best thing- 
gaming experiance , looks and build quality. 
Battery- 
still testing , quich charge working  
IR - 
working fine , tested on my samsung TV 
Tips-
1. Factory reset phn after unboxing , it performs better , seen improvement in heating issue and free RAM more. 
2. Due to metal body , people who used plastic body phns till now may feel it has more heating issue , but it's normal. 
3. Those who dont like UI can download goggle now launcher for familiar Ui experiance 
issue faced- 
Airtel app crashing , dont know why .  
 Cons 
Phone has some heating issues when fast charging/browsing & on using it for some time . 
32 GB - but the set when in hand has 24.12 GB .  
Pros : remaining features are awesome . 
 Le1s is the best mobile i have seen sofar. This product has all required features. 
Le1s is positioned better price, infact they are selling lesser price than manufacturing price. 
-Premium build quality.
- Excellent Camera[ It captures the shots within fraction of seconds]
- High performance
- Fingerprint scanner
- USBType C
- Remote Control
- Both SIM supports 4G network
- Excellent Screen..  
We should not expect more than this for 10K price.  
 If anyone having any problem with screen brightness or heating, just Reset the phone once.Even most of the bugs will be solved after this.The camera is not that bad as I have read in many reviews(Use tap to focus for and hold on for a sec for better pics). 
Display 10/10
Performance 10/10
Sound O/p 8/10
Battery 7.5/10
Camera 7/10
Fast charging 9/10
Looks 10/10
Build Quality 10/10 
Verdict - You cannot ask more for a 11k phone and can compete with any 20k phone in the market. 
 After several failed attempts to buy Lenovo Vibe X3 from other e - portal , initially due to delivery issues at my address and then due to non - availability of the phone, I sort of went into a fix. Could not decide between Lenovo K4 Note and LeTv 1S. Then when I decided to go for Lenovo K4 Note, the other vendor again declined to deliver it to my address. I had no option left but to buy LeTv although it was a big downgrade as I had never used any phone costing less than Rs. 20K. Took some risk and ordered this phone after going through some expert reviews on the internet. I ordered this phone mainly out of curiosity.
It took flipkart 6 days to deliver this phone to my address, nevertheless I have great regards for Flipkart for not letting me down. Flipkart ships products to almost all destinations across India without any discrimination.
As soon as I opened the box, I found beauty flowing out. Phone felt premium. Build quality of this phone is top notch. No one could believe that this phone costs just 11K. Every thing works flawlessly. Fingerprint scanner is quick and accurate. Display is a treat for eyes. Phone does not lag a bit. Battery last long. Quick charger bundled along is beautiful and very effective. It seems that this phone has been manufactured in an IPhone factory. Taste and texture of everything in this phone is IPhonish. It's UI atleast is surely inspired by iOS. 
Camera : Used camera before and after OTG update. Before the update, camera snapped below par pictures without much detail and colour depth. Pictures were grainy. After update, Picture quality improved exponentially. It snapped crisp and correct photos. So OTG update works wonders with the camera. However front camera is still not up to the mark. 
Heating : I do not find anything serious in that area. Phone does not heat-up. It heats lesser than IPhone, to be honest.
Issues which other reviews have skipped : 
Most of the deficiencies in the phone are related to software. It's UI is half baked which needs loads of improvements.
1. This phone is dual SIM but it surely lacks dual receivers. When you are on the call on one SIM, the other SIM becomes Inactive. In comparison other phones like Lenovo Vibe X2 have both SIMs active simultaneously. On LeTv, you cannot receive cellular calls on both the SIMS at a time. Other SIM goes into "not - reachable" mode in this phone while one of the SIMs is in use.
2. Black List feature in this phone is just basic, without any options. You need a third part app to do call filtering or SMS filtering job for you.
3. There are no Gesture triggered features in this phone. 
4. Although there is an option to "Vibrate" when your Call is picked up but in effect, that does not work or viberation is too mild to be felt.
5. When you fully drain the phone battery out, phone does not "Shut Down" legally. It simply goes off and black without any announcement just like a PC facing Power outage.
6. No separate ringtones for each of the SIMs. Just a common ringtone for the both. This a big handicap at least for me.
7. Contacts Management is poor. Very poor. No option to merge similar contacts, nor is there, anything, to customize select contacts.
8. No FM radio.
9. No Pattern Locks or App Locks.
10. No Glance Screen. This feature is present nowadays in almost every phone.
11. No active standby.
12. Most of the Themes present in the phone are half baked. Icons of many apps show up with an ugly choppings on the edges. It looks as if Icon pictures have been cropped or stretched to fit. For example., WhatApp Icon has its pointed part cropped and Gmail Icon is overstretched.
13. Notification sounds are bit low.
14. No equalizer in the Music app.
15. Camera App is quite basic.
16. Selfie Camera App does nothing to correct selfie photos.
There are however many positives in this phone, mainly on the Hardware front.
It's build quality, snappy processor, display, finger print sensor, IR blaster, 3GB RAM, Ample Storage and Fast charging are its strong points which are difficult to ignore. Price of this phone is the biggest positive, perhaps. I think this phone is substantially under - priced.
Overall, a very good phone to buy. Hope future software updates will improve its program related deficiencies and address its vital shortcomings.  
 Read the comments of a few dissatisfied customers, was almost going to cancel my booking but then rolled the dice and went with it. 
Primarily, the phone looks awesome, I've got the gold model and you simply want to put it in a showcase for the world to see. 
The phone is built with premium materials and it would survive a fall or two.
Benchmark wise it is faster than any other phone within twice its price range, and the day to day usage is buttery smooth. The phone has eUi built on top of android lollipop and it is a joy to find out the nifty little features that are built into it. 
Coming to battery life, I was using Oneplus One till a few days ago and the phone was a good performer in everyday usage. I got around 4 hrs of screen on time from that 3000 mah battery, this one has been giving me around 4 hrs to 4 hr 15 mins of screen on time from 100% to 10% charge, while having cellular data on the whole day, gps and wifi switched off.  
There is a minor heating issue while playing games for more than 30 mins, which I did only for testing purposes. From my point of view the phone is not a device on which one should play huge titles, a few light games played continuously for over an hour didn't even heat the phone to 40 degrees; this is for all those who claim that their phone became a frying pan. 
Call quality over the loud speaker is average, if not bad. Sound is a bit metallic and overall, not at all pleasing. Network has remained stable throughout the time I've used this phone, call drop hasn't happened yet. I am a person who spends hours on a call and I can vouch for the fact that this is not a phone which heats up during calls, at all. 
The camera on this phone is a bit of a hit and miss, it takes good enough pics outside, under plenty of light but as the light decreases the details start to fade away and noise covers up most of the colour palate. Video quality is good, slow motion videos do look good enough. Front facing camera is about as good or as bad as the rear one and it is also a hit and miss situation. 
Audio quality is good, when a good set of earphones are used, I usually use a ipod to listen to my music but this phone does sound good and it has a far better sound output through the jack than the Oneplus One. The speaker is pretty much unusable while listening to music, lenovo k4 note would be a far better option if you want a better speaker system. 
The fingerprint sensor works very well, the IR blaster works with the proprietary software but I've failed to use 3rd party apps with it, but the built-in software is good.  
Overall this is the best phone in this range, if you want something better then go for the lenovo vibe x3, it has similar performance but better camera, better speakers and of course a higher price tag. Lenovo K4 Note is for those who want better speakers but can skimp out on the performance, in the same price range, honor 5x is for those who want better battery life, a little bit better camera and can deal with a laggy interface, and as for me, personally, I can't deal with a phone which whimpers on its way to my facebook page.  
Good
-Best performance in the price range, 54k antutu score on par with nexus 5x.
-Very good build quality.
-Very good display better than all my previous phones (galaxy s2 and htc one x+).
-Good standby battery life.(4-5 days standby with wifi on).
-Fast Charging 20% to 100% in around 1 hr.
-fast and accurate fingerprint reader. 
Average
-Heavy use battery life lasts full day cant go on for second day.
-UI is a little different than standard android, takes time to get used to. Nothing bad but a little ram heavy. 
Bad
-Camera is not as good as competition like lenovo k4 note.
-flash is dim and yellowish
-sometimes kills whatsapp, you wont get notifications until you start whatsapp manually. 
Bottom-line
Definitely worth the price cant get better value than this, my first cheap phone but doesn't fell like one (except for camera). Buy it you wont regret it.  
 I have been using this phone since the first sale and here are my clear cut views without any biases: 
Let me start with pros of the phone: 
1. Excellent UI. I used to think MIUI is the best, but EUI on this phone is nothing less. You will start loving it pretty quickly.
2. Super screen - with crisp display and color reproduction.
3. Never hangs: The 3GB RAM and Ultra fast processor ensure it never hangs.
4. Fingerprint sensor works smooth - no issues seen so far.
5. No issues seen in Audio too. 
Cons:
1. Camera - Poor inside - The camera clicks really bad pictures when indoors. Until unless you enable full sharpness from Camera settings, it give very below average photos.
2. No Gyroscope sensor - so gyroscope based games will not work at all. It does not go silent which flipped over as no sensor for this.
3. Heats up if you are streaming videos over the 4G network.
4. No way to change the font as of now.
5. No Graphic Equalisers available to tune the audio as per your taste. 
Even though I have mentioned a lot of CONs, still at this cost the phone is a spectacle. Moreover if your phone has any issues related to any app crashing, report this to LeTV from the phone and you will get a reply back from them acknowledging this issue and a proposed date when it will be fixed with the OTA updates. 
 Well, enough reviews are available in Flipkart regarding it's build quality, battery, heating issues and software.  
Here are my reviews 
Positives:
----------------------- 
Solid build quality. Feels premium on hand.
Excellent hardware specs on paper (2.2 Ghz Octacore, 3GB Ram, 32GB ROM)
Smooth performance with no lags thanks to 3GB RAM
The multitasking and app tansitions are butter smooth. 
The display is vibrant and feels premium. 
Areas of improvements.
----------------------------------------------- 
The RAM optimization is something a big let-down as the available RAM goes as low as 250MB. The software is minimalistic with too little customization possibilities. You can not use 3rd party IR apps. The IR is another weak area, it consumes more and more battery.
The battery struggles to last for 1 day even with moderate usage with no gaming and browsing for 3 hours.
The phone heats but this is something quite common with Mediatek processors. 
The software could have been better to manage the heatinng issues given that the it's a metal body.
The call quility, the phone produces clear sound on Letv speaker and headset, but on the other side of the reciever the call quality is pathetic. May be due poor placements of microphones on bad software.  
Missing features:
------------------------------------ 
FM Radio
Expandable memory
I was also looking for ways to clear cache/hard factory reset from recovery mode. Unfortunately, there are disabled from boot-rom.  
Other comments
--------------------------------------- 
When all the phones are getting upgraded to marshmallow, this phone still lugs on android 5.0.2 Atleast they could have offered with 5.1. There are no confirmed news about Marshmallow updates, but give the response LeEco recieved on flash sales, it must be thinking of marshmallow updates. Otherwise it's futute line up of smart-phone may start getting poor responses in future flash sales.  
Overall, my impression with this phone is this is a great value for money. I dont have high expectations from LeEco for their after sales support or any future software upgrades or support 
 i grab it in first sale...its a very nice phone under 11k.. camera is very good than lenovo and others.
fast charging charges my phone 0% to 100% in just 70-80 minutes..
there is a little warming(not heating) problem and that is ok because it has 2.2GHz processor.. and I am sure LETV will fix this problem in next OTA update..
today I also grabbed one for my brother.. 
 Phone before coming to market it just created the Hype not worth of it !!! 
- Display is not that great  
- Camera is very average! Don't buy this for camera! Image tone lacking 
- Performance of the device is good but it lags when we switch application 
- Battery performance average - it drains if the display is on  
 - Phone tend to heat up to 45 degree to 50~C even while charging the device heats up a lot and some burning smell comes from the speaker grills  
- Average phone not a smarter device 
 Heating problem..
camera no clarity..
display also poor..
battery is not good
fingerprint working as expected
fast in process  
Will use for 10 days and see how it goes. 
Nice phone go for it, all my friends also buying in next flash relese. 
 The LeEco Le 1s is a great smartphone and certainly impressed us with its performance, which was similar to what we experienced on its bigger sibling, the Le Max. However, it has plenty of niggling issues, like a problematic kernel that ends up eating into the smartphones battery life and call quality issues that simply kill the EUI software experience that seems to be well thought of. 
LeEco Le 1s (9) 
LeEco certainly handpicked the best hardware bits for its smartphone, but fell flat when it came to the basics, which are the very areas, budget smartphone buyers are picky about (battery life and call quality). 
At the same time, it is hard to recommend anything apart from the LeEco Le 1s in its price range because you have smartphones with better 4000mAh battery life like the Huawei Honor Holly 2 Plus at Rs 8,999 (but sports an average design) that sit below it, and the OnePlus X with a Qualcomm Snapdragon 801 chipset (thats not as powerful) that now weirdly sits higher above at Rs 16,999. 
However, there could be slight competition coming from the recently announced Huawei Honor 5X that is priced at Rs 12,999. The smartphone packs in the right internals and a metal body, but again falls short in terms of benchmarks, with its Qualcomm Snapdragon 616, which turns out to be not quite the performer like the MediaTek Helio X10 inside the Le 1s. 
While it is hard to recommend the LeEco Le 1s, it is equally hard to give anyone a reason not to buy it. Go for it, only if you are looking for the Helio X10s performance that delivers stutter free gaming and a buttery smooth software experience. But definitely not for the battery life. 
 You are getting a Nice Phone with lowest price. You are getting more than what you are expecting. 
I was impressed by this Mobile. 
Box Contents:
Mobile, Type C Cable, Quick Charger, Manuals/Documents, Sim Ejector Pin. 
Build: 10/10 
The build qulaity is awesome. Its complete metal and looks stylish and fits my hand perfectly.
No one would believe that this is a 11K phone(If they are not aware of the price :P) 
Display: 8/10 
The display is superb. it is crisp, clear and Vivid.
But the only con is, the bezel less display. When you drop your phone, it will break the display.
Even the Gorilla Glass 3 cant stand for that. So, I suggest you to buy a Tempered Glass and a protective shockproof case for the mobile. 
Features: 8/10
You are getting almost everything with a less price.
Helio X10, PowerVR G6200, 3GB RAM, 32GB Internal Storage, FingerPrint Sensor, 13 & 5MP Cam, 4G, 3000mAh Battery, Fast Charging. 
Software: 7/10
You'll get Lollipop 5.0.2 which is older. The lollipop is customized with EUI which is faster and more like an iPhone UI mixed with Android. There is more room for the development of the OS. 
But, do not expect regualr updates for the device. 
Performance: 8/10
we can say its a beast at this price. The performance is great with no lag or freeze.
Its very smooth. The scores are pretty Big in AnTuTu, Geek Bench etc.
This wont let you down in the performance. You'll get stunned by the performance. 
But it has little heating problem.
During the Charge it will heat up more. The heat may Increase upto 45 C. 
And when you use your phone for a long time also it will get warm. It wont be that much warm but as it has a metal body, you'll feel a little more heat.
Dont worry, its usual these days for every phone. 
Camera: 7/10
The camera is decent. Overall it was pretty average but good enough considering the price you pay for the Le 1s. 
Daylight shooting was fine and images showed proper colour balance and saturation levels.
You get great pictures with nice clarity. Low light performance will not be good as expected.
Even the high end phones and cameras will struggle in low light.
Clicking portrait or macro shots turned out to be pretty good in daylight. 
The camera protrudes out a little bit. So be careful. 
The front cam is below Average. 
Battery: 6.5/10 
We get 3000mAh battery. But it discharges very fast. Anyway we get a quick charger which can charge the phone within 1.30hrs.
But there is an option the settings which can save the battery. its same as that of Ultra saving mode on Samsung phones.
it will limit almsot all the processes. You'll surprise by seeing how good that it is. 
On average, 1 charge will last for a business day.
But, if you switch on the battery saving mode, then it will last for 2 days without any charge for normal/moderate Use. 
Speaker 9/10.
The Speaker is Good. it is loud and clear.
there is only one speaker that it is at the right side of the type c port. The left one is made for symmetrical design.
The sound in the earphones also very good.  
The sound in the earpiece of the front side is also good. But call quality should have been better. 
Fingerprint Sensor 10/10:
This is the unique finger print sensor. It has a mirror finish.
the accuracy is great. 9 out of 10 times it will detect the finger print and is very fast. It takes a second to unlock ua phone. 
Pros:
Great Build Quality - Premium Desing
Sharp & Clear Display
Powerfull Chipset - Helio x10 with 2.2GHz
3GB RAM
5.5 Inch Screen with FHD display
32GB Internal Storage
13/5MP Camera
3000mAh Battery
USB Type C
Fast and Accurate Fingerprint Sensor
Fast Charging with Quick Charger
4K & Slo Mo video Recording 
Cons:
Battery Life
Software
Front Camera
Non-expandable storage - No MicroSD slot.
Non-removable battery
Service Centers 
By the way, Im returning this phone.
why because, the service centers in hyderabad are not working as of now.
there are about 5 Service Centers in Hyderabd, but none of them are started(Only for LeTV/LeEco Phones). 
May be they will start the Service centers soon but as of now nothing. Thats why im returning the phone. 
Please take care of the mobile well. 
Dont just look for the features. Look for the service centers also.
After 30 days of buying a mobile, you can do nothing if you get any problem and also the service centers are also not as expected. 
So Decide yourself.
As for the mobile, its steal deal and great value for money.
you'll love the mobile for sure. 
Thank You for Reading my Review.
have a Le Day ;) 
 I bought this phone in 2nd Sale on 9th Feb. Got it in 2 days. Quick delivery by Flipkart as always. 
It looks like a premium phone (Yeah! Ones with fruit sign on back). But question was does it perform like one too?? That's what I found in 5 days with the phone: 
1. Quick Charge but drains fast too. Not too fast but fast. Let's say for a working individual who happen to have 30 apps installed it will work for 1 Day. Charges completely in 2 hrs (0 to 100). 
2. Camera quality is not stunning but not disappointing too. Vibrant colors. Wide angle Camera (More friends in selfie, Yayy!!) 
3. It has Type C port so your relatives might not have the charger you are looking for. (Sad!!!) 
4. Performance!? It is a beast. Check out the benchmark results. I got 25K around. I have at least 30 apps installed, 12-15 among them are constantly sending notifications and always running in background still have near 1G free. That's AWESOME!! 
5. Speakers are awesome too. Loud & Clear. 
6. Finger print (Great), Scanner (Awesome). 
7. Infrared Remote! Now I have my TV, AC remote in my phone. Wide range of products are supported. Universal remote function is also available (Put IR remote of any product in your phone).  
8. What else, do you want?? More battery may be! :|  
I'm giving 5 Stars because there is no heating issue. Turn your screen face down, while charging. It doesn't get heated while talking or browsing internet. If you want perfection, go buy Apple iPhone (60K) or accept a few lows and appreciate the highs and buy 1S (11K).  
Happy Buying!!   
 Guys, 
I am also excited like others for this device but when its arrived my excitement was over 
1 Heating issue if you are usage is heavy, Metal body may be the reason for heating issue.
2 Cam QUALITY is POOR than 8 megapixel camera. (I used xolo q800 and redmi note)
2 Battery life is ok 
3 UI is not that eye catchy
4 Media device not able to detect video files, its detect images only to your LED TV 
This device is OK ONLY for Movie lovers. 
Over all its up to you guys, May be you can wait for upcoming devices in the market 
All the best.   
 The phone is just amazing..  
Good - Design, looks, Metal, Voice quality.  
Too Good - Finger print scanner, USB type C Quick charging & Display 
Improvement needed - Camera - Need few more options 
The phone is worth for the money.. I don't know why people say the phone is heating.. They may not used the metal phone before..  
Compare to my current HTC M8 - Le1s just rocking....   
 If you want better front and back camera then don't even think of buying this cell.
Camera quality is pathetic and its not even near to 13MP(Rear) and 5 MP (Front) specs. 
You cannot simply return the phone if there is no defect in the phone so if you don't like it then also you stuck with it. 
 I have one question who gave 2 - 3 stars because if you wants everything like best camera, best battery etc. then spend Rs 40 - 50000 because whatever Le 1s giving is Best in Rs 10999. Reason for hearing is Metallic body & Quick charge. All phones heat at the time of Quick charge. 
I bought this phone but i'm very happy with it & really great phone in this budget. 
 Great phone 
Truly amazing everything from like a to z
OK here are my key findings
1. Display - great
2. Camera-average
3. Battery- good
4. Looks-stunning
5. Heating-moderate
6. Performance-a killer super phone
7. Value for money- definitely
So anyone looking for a phone with everything in a budget segment than this is surely yours without doubt
And one more thing the display is smudge proof
Indeed a killer note !!!!!
Thanks for reading and may god guide you 
 These people are worst for after sales services. never buy this phone. No spare parts. 
I have worst experience with after sales services. I went for service center because of glass replacement. 
that service center is "P Touch Service center, Begumpet, Hyderabad" 
These service center is doing another six other mobile companies. 
I spent three hours time for 5 mins job. God only can save us. 
 I have Redmi note 3 and Letv Le1s. This phone is better in all aspect except battery, It drains very fast. 
 I have read too many reviews about this phone heating up. Was a tough decision but took it.  
My impression is that its a excellent phone.
Used the phone for 3 months before writing this review. My findings are as mentioned below.  
1. Heating issue
 - Guys dont charge it using other chargers or car charger. Prefer charging it using the charger shipped with it. It charges real fast and although the phone heats up a bit, it no so much that people dislike this phone. I think almost any phone would heat up as much as this one does.  
2. RAM - 
 - Very less free RAM space was a issue in the first month. LETV swiftly released a update to fix it. And ram usage has reduced drastically. At any point 1.5 to 1.8 GB is free. And i do have about 15 apps installed, still.  
3. Photo and Camera quality - 
 - Excellent (for 11k). No other phone in this price range is even close to this quality. I dont know what other people wanted in terms of quality. Maybe they should use a SLR for the pics they are clicking.  
4. Battery backup - 
 - More than 36 hours even in a busy day. I dont do much gaming. Maybe the heavy gamers could face an issue. No sure about it.  
5. Call quality - 
 - Excellent.  
6. Software support. 
 - Again, this is the only phone in this range to receive 4 OTA updates in 3 months time. I would thank LETV for such a good support.  
This phone has a lot of features, all good in quality. I would recommend to buy this phone without a second thought in mind. 
 I was confused in 2 phones. Xiomi redmi note 3 and Le tv 1s. All comparisons and research said both are equivalent but before buying or selecting any phone I actually saw both phones and checked the camera quality. le tvs camera being 13 Mp is far more superior than note 3s 16 mp. Though the battery is 3000 comapred to xiomi note 3s 4000.... its worth for 24 hour schedule. The most imp thing..... CHARGING IS ultra fast... 25 mins and am full 100%. Luckily my handset has no issues at all of heating ,, I played all high end games since yesterday... no heating issues at all. seems to be the newer set of production is better than the earlier or may be I am lucky. Thanks to Flipkart. 11k Rs and you get everything compact. Better than any thing. 
 I am unhappy with the after sale service of Flipkart and LEtv. My phone gets heated up and when I complained about it the same is still pending from last 15 days. they make some or the other excuse and cancel return request. The camera is poor in night. 
 Pros
Good build
Fast charging 
Cons
Bad UI
Heating up fast
No 2G
Bad Battery Power  
 Yesterday I finally got my hands on the Le 1S Superphone. Here's my quick review after a day's usage:  
Screen: The screen of this phone is absolutely gorgeous. The bezels are the thinnest I have seen on any phone and the screen is absolutely flush with the surface. Its hard to believe that a 5.5 inch screen phone can be so compact. Full marks to Le Eco for the phone's design!  
Camera : The 13MP rear camera click good pictures especially in bright light, though low light pics can definitely see an improvement. The selfie camera is also good but low light pics aren't that great.  
Processor: This phone is an absolute beast in terms of raw processing power. I did not encounter any lag, frame drops even when playing memory intensive games. Most people with regular usage will find its performance in real life usage quite good.  
Battery: The battery life is good and will last one day on normal usage. The fast charging feature helps and I was able to charge my phone from 20% to 55% with half an hour charging. The phone gets a bit hot after gaming for half an hour but its something to be expected from a metal phone. At no point did i find heating making the phone uncomfortable to use. 
Fingerprint sensor : Another remarkable feature of this phone, which although takes some getting used to, but once you are adept at using it , you will be able to unlock your phones 9 out of 10 times without multiple attempts. 
One more thing to note is that this sensor is very fast. The screen takes more time to turn on then the sensor takes to unlock the phone. This can be tested by pressing the power button without unlocking the phone & using the fingerprint sensor. The phone unlocks instantaneously.  
The IR Blaster is a nifty feature and one that I am bound to be using more often especially since you can control ACs with it also. I tried it for my Hitachi AC and it worked.  
Price: The less said the better. At 10,999 this phone is a steal.  
I would recommend the Le 1S on looks alone, However It is an all round performer which delivers in all aspects. At present Its the best value for money device in the market. 
 Except low light photography all is good even excellent.... Battery backup is good .... Charging is pretty fast .... Fingerprint sensor is too fast.... Screen is best in this class.... If you compromise with camera then just blindly go for it..... And even for camera you can try other camera apps like Google camera etc. 
 Phew! Thats what I call a good & fair deal for a smartphone in the 10K-12K range.  
4 Stars - Good package..Great build..Needs fulfilled...Desires partly let-off 
Rather than going around the Pros & Cons, which has already been widely reviewed, debated, cursed upon.. please focus that this is a phone for 11 Grand, do not get lost in the nitty-gritty of the spec war.. 
I don't mean that just because it's a budget smartphone, the manufacturer takes us for a ride..You cannot get all tick marks right.. it's a good value proposition.. 
Having said that, no currently available phone at this price point (Indian, American or chinese) can deliver a good package such as this..Good display, Design, Sound, aesthetics & above all IR blaster, Type-C USB, OTG & Fast Charging... 
 Hi All, I Just received my LE 1s with lots of hope i opened it, and i switched it On but for my surprise mobile hanged at start screen itself and lot of heat generated at the top of the phone.i.e. at the finger print scanner, after two min it is very hard to handle it also. and for the next time it started well but this time is with charging kept it for 30 min, charged only 4%. very very disappointed and now i requested for replacement, 
Let me know guys am i the only one who is facing this kind of problem.  
Myreviewing after the use of 3 days. 
Phone is good speed and overall performance is awesome but as per the expert reviews and all my phone is not at all working like that. lot of heat and constantly it is generating heat around 35-38 Degrees and not at all satisfied with heating problem and charging also if i am using any applications while charging the phone the phone is not at all charging up untill unless i stop using my device. i dont know it is the problem of device or it is the problem of Le 1s.  
 I'm one of the lucky to get in flash sale on 2nd Feb, and ever expected delivery before 24hrs. Awesome.. :) Very happy with the phone and need to use it to write review here. 
Thanks Flipkart for awesome service..:) 
 I wanted to give it a Single star - The day it landed and I put it to charge, it was heating up like my geycer. I was shocked...Then I did a factory reset to the phone, did an OTA upgrade. It was much better but the heat was still there. I wanted to give a Single star rating again. Then I read in some review that the battery needs to go through few discharge cycles to settle down. I let that happen and wow...what a mobile it has turned out to be.
Please understand this mobile has a configuration that is more advanced than some laptops. Laptop has a fan running to keep I cool. It has a high end processor and this is a metal body. So it will heat a bit. But believe me, it settles down after few days. 
Something which no other review has covered - This is the only mobile that I am aware of where the Company gives a free pick up and drop door service (in cities) for mobile service. Plus if there is any problem with the mobile, they give a replacement (not repair). 
Agreed, there are still some software issues in the mobile and they are struggling to fix it. A good and reliable OTA can cut the heat further down, improve the camera quality as well. 
I was laughing when someone in a review said the camera is bad and his Samsung phone's 5 MP camera was better. Please understand, this mobile uses the same camera made by Samsung. Some reviewers say this is a Chinese product. Well, please enlighten me on a good Made in India mobile...Till then, just buy this eyes closed. 
 Ordered on 2nd February and received on 3rd February, 2016. I have used this phone for two weeks and following is my experience about this phone. 
Pros:
Following are very good in Letv Le 1S:
1 Processor
2 Display
3 Sound quality 
4 Metal body
5 Fast charging and
6 Finger print scanner.
Cons:
1 "My Airtel App" is not working in Letv Le 1S. I have reinstalled this app at least 25 times but there is no improvement. I have also restarted my mobile many times but there there is no improvement. 
2 If I save one contact, it is displayed / repeated again. 
3 Battery charging is necessary at lest twice every day even for normal use. 
4 Battery is not removable.
5 Marshmallow update is not likely.
6 Camera output below expectation.
7 PC suite, Compass and FM missing / not provided. My old Lenovo A7000 purchased from Flipkart in April, 2015 is much better than Letv Le 1S because the above mentioned issues are not there.
Hence it fails to meet expectations mainly due to software issues. Also there is no option for refund, it can only be changed for a new one. Not recommended.  
 After 3 days of Use  
**This is an User review for Non Techie By A Techie ** 
Great things About this phone
1.) Helio X 10 is very Fast , Applications Open very fast
2.) Switching Between apps is a pleasure , Smooth Multitasking
3.) Finger Print sensor is a must have now a days and here its a good one , In my earlier phones I had to Perform the following steps to open the phone every time 
 **a) Click On Power Button
 **b) Press the number pad 4 times
These 5 steps were the most annoying , because I had to do it every time and I hated it. 
 Now Its A matter of a simple touch . This is the best feature, every phones should have it.
4) Quick Charge - My phone gets charged to 100% in 70-80 Minutes , Very Fast .
5) This phone looks beautiful in gold color
6) Screen is amazing even in outdoors.
7)Screen to Body Ratio: 74.38%[ Best in Class ]
8) Gaming is smooth[ If phone heats , it means the aluminium chassis is dispersing heat which is good , rather then some insulator confining the heat inside the phone, and I played Modern Combat 5 , didn't heat much .
9) Sleek Phone 7.5 and non slippery in hand .
10) Good Antutu Score[ Compared it with Mi Pad which Has NVIDIA Tegra 3 K1 , Almost same experience : Created a Youtube video with title : Le 1s Vs Mi Pad Antutu test : Media tech helio x10 Vs NVIDEA Tegra K1 : 
11) It Has 4K 30 fps recording option  
Not So Great things [ But Given The price Still Happy About it ]  
1. Battery Life not Great, If heavily used will have to charge multiple times a day .
2. Tried uploading the 4K Sample video to you tube , YouTube did not recognize the video format and also tried playing the 4K video on my 4K TV , TV also did not recognize the video . Video Quality is poor , focus while zooming the video is worse : 
3. The Charging Pin is small so , you have to adjust if you have wobbly Socket.
4. Ram management is very poor , sometimes you have 300 mb free which is ridiculous for a 3 Gb ram phone . 
I Give it 5* as You get better than what you pay for .  
Like if its helpfull 
 All seams to be good in specs but its just an average budget phone with better looks, thats all. 
1. Out of 3Gb RAM - Only 1.4GB available. After installing few apps its gone to below 600mb - 500mb. And In 32gb - 25gb available.  
2. Fast charging is ok but with heating issues. Discharges super-fast even with all the Battery saving apps. On an average you can get 4-5 hours of usage.Which is pathetic for an 3000mh battery phone. And also discharges even in stand by mode as well, as it drains during the sleeping hours & have low battery indicator in the morning.  
3. Camera is just ok. Not great, 13mp in size but not in quality of the image. 5mp front cam is also average compared to others in same segment.  
4. Only one speaker though it looks like two... with acceptable quality. 
5. Heats up very soon... even on regular apps & not heavy gaming apps 
6.MIUI is better compared to Letv's EUI  
7. Fingerprint works well but sometimes there is lag in recognition 
8. Call quality is average .. checked with most major networks.  
Not a great buy but an average budget phone with better looks, thats all. 
 First of all I thank to Flipkart team for delivering the product very fast to rural area. Now I'm going to share my experience about using Le 1s superphone...I've been using this handset since 2 days. Read the whole review before judging it. 
CAMERA: 
I heard lots of people talking negative comments about its camera...but believe me that's not the truth. I guess those people who r saying this are not aware of each and every function of its Camera. 
13 MP rear camera can produce stunning images. Though there is only one Led flash light. There are lots of options that you can play with while taking images using its rear camera. Exposure, ISO, white balance..you can control these things (like digital camera). 
PDAF technique works brilliantly. You can shoot 4K video.
5 MP camera is good but not the best. but as a selfie camera it doing is job brilliantly. 
My rating for its camera: 8/10 
DISPLAY: 
I've used lots of mobiles (High range and mid range)...but I was not satisfied with the display. Le 1s has enticed me by its stunning display. 5.5" screen with 403 PPI (high resolution) is what no one can argue about. 
My rating: 10/10 
BATTERY: 
This handset comes up with 3000 MAH battery. Battery backup is pretty decent. There are lots of battery savings mode. I kept "Ultra saving" mode on while using wi-fi for 5 hours, the battery level just reduced to 70% from 100.  
My rating: 8.5/10 
GAMING PERFORMANCE: 
If you are a gamer...then just go for this mobile. you won't be disappointed. Heavy graphics oriented games can be played on this handset without facing any lag or screen drop. 
Now what's the best part of using this handset as far as gaming is concerned?  
okz...Let me tell you...FIFA 16 ultimate (Size 1.41 GB) is compatible with this handset and you can play without facing any problem...while there are lots of other high-range handset users cannot play on their devices ;) (u can google it) 
People complaining that they face heating while playing game...but believe me the maximum temperature I detected after playing heavy games for 2-3 hours that is 40 degree C...and it's acceptable....you cannot call it much heat or heating problem. It's quite natural. 
 My rating: 10/10 
UI: 
Its eUI is pretty simple...not the complex one. but I expected something more on this department. 
My rating: 7/10 
FINGERPRINT SCANNER: 
The best unique FS I've used till now...It can store up to 2 finger prints. It takes very less time to unlock your mobile or take a picture.  
My rating: 10/10  
My Suggestion: If you want a budget oriented device (mid range) then it's the best smartphone available on the market. Go for this device. They have given 500 customer service franchises in the various parts of INDIA. So, there is no need to worry. 
My overall rating: 9/10 
 As usual Phone beasts and rocks in display, and Processor point of view. 
No lags between switching apps, As i came from Apple phone to Letv.. The same experience it works as well as apple. 
Of course!! Its a Apple Android. 
When comes to Pros, Cons and Heating Issue.. 
Factory Reset is must for first time, Which gives better performance like heating issue and Ram Usage.. 
What feels good:
1) Display - Awesome Display, Mind blowing Performance 10/10
2) Sound - My feeling okay, But its really worth at this price, and one part which like most.. While watching, Top notch videos like Bluray. The inbuilt player app automatically converts to DTS.. Which is awesome feature 8/10
3) Ram - As usual 3gb Ram, Working fine without lag, Which was nice - 9/10
4) IR Blaster - easily can access any electronic device, With this price, More than enough.. 10/10
5) Fingerprint Lock - It does good, but not that much...when compare with iPhone 5s, With its price range,,okay - 9/10 
Cons:
1) Camera - Yes! Every body says Low performance camera. Ofcourse, Not that much great camera, But what i found is ... It gives better image @size of 3mb. As high end display of Letv, It shows picture as low level, But when you see the same image on another mobile.. It was awesome. Worth for Money.. So its not a Cons..
Front Camera- Its really disappointing, Not at all fits for this awesome phone..
2) Heating - As this phone comes with high end Hardware, Light heat should come. But Its good when comparing with iPhone. Of course! Letv going to release a patch for it, So no more heating issue .. 
How ever this reviews are varies and depends upon user previous Mobile experience,, Dont think too much at this Price Range of RS.10999.
Only for display we can give that price.. No worries... Buy it.. Enjoy it.. 
And finally, Some one says Flipkart service is not good. 
Actually Yesterday i got the delivery of mobile, Slightly back panel got some scrathes.. Immediately i intimated with flipkart people, They given replacement.. That's Flipkart.. New mobile got shipped already  
 Any corporate email enforce security password with 6 digit pin and disable pattern password for login but this phone has only 4 digit pin, I have to use 6 character password for login which is tough every time to type the password for login. Also mobile is heating up for normal browsing, installed few regular day-to-day use apps, showing less than 1 GB free. same apps I installed on my previous mobile with 1 GB RAM and it always showed 300 MB free, I would say 6 GB required for this phone to manage the apps. Never buy a phone by seeing the high configuration. OS looks very basic because many options taken out or hidden. I took a wrong decision after waiting long period.I would suggest think twice before buying this phone. This phone is very good for normal users who use minimum apps, can watch videos nicely as screen is good. 
 Why you fooling your customer, Product is added to my cart but when i proceed to payment it showing out of stock really they are cheater, if the product is out of stock than why you flashing the message of congratulation and added product to my cart, i think flipkart is a best ecommerce website but if you also cheating you customer you should not be in future 
 I bought this phone in first sale, as it was delivered on 4th Feb so I have been using it for almost a week. Here are my reviews 
1. Firstly Excellent Build Quality(Hard to find in any of the present Brands in this Price range). 
2. Display Excellent indeed Sharp Display and Don't worry Screen is Perfectly Visible In Day light. 
3. Processor and RAM - No need for reviewing. Specs are enough to Describe. 
4. Camera is Decent....If you want more go and buy DSLR for yourself. 
5. UI - I find it very easy and productive(Thanks to Iphone-Copy), who needs menu.  
6. Battery Life- Enough for 1 Day use(Posted Screenshot in LEECO FB Page). 
7. Growing Internet Community like Xiomi which will offer us Regular updates, Developments, Information and Help with Creative use. 
8. 32 GB Rom ....Common It is More than sufficient. If you like to watch movies and Videos, Plz buy any Usb Type c Connector and connect Pendrive and Enjoy.  
9. Fast Charging 90 Mins 0-100%. I m impressed with Type C connector it connects from both sides no worring about the right direction of connector pin. Same with Usb Male. 
10. Excellent Signal Reception Both Wi-fi and Network operator. 
11. No abnormal Heating Issues found. Every phone heats little bit now that will be unfair u also need metal body and you don't want slightest heating. Trust me it is normal and doesn't exceeds its limit. 
On whole this was my experience of 1 week with the LeTv Le 1S , it is value for money don't listen to dummies there will always be negative people who are never satisfied and misguides with their negative reviews. Go for specs and Go With Majority. 
 I bought this phone on 1st flash sale. Arrived 2 days later. First looks were quite good though felt like battery was draining quickly and device heating up with normal usage.  
This is my opinion after using it for a week.. 
Cons:
1. Plugged in my earphone to listen to music.. Boy was I let down.. The audio via earphones is too damn low... I mean I can literally hear others talking..
I have tried using several earphones from Sennheiser CX 275s and CX 180, House of Marley, SoungMagic ES18.. Even bass is not noticeable.. Mind you these earphones do wonders with samsung,moto,xioami,LG, HTC phones... 
2. Battery draining: Even on standby(only 1 sim with 3g On) battery drains about 25% in 6 hours ie only 30 hours not using the phone at all!!
When display is working it drains very fast. I have to charge it atleast 2 times a day. With a 3000 mAH battery it needs to give more backup. LeTV needs to resolve this issue on priority. 
3.Software: There is a lack of software for this phone. Many applications do not run in background and when u open them u will receive many pending msgs.. They really need to work on this. 
Pros
1. Screen: Loved the screen. It is very good and very bright even in sunlight. Part of the reason why battery drains quickly.
2. eUI : The UI is very smooth and easy to operate.
3. Games : Was able to play asphalt 8 without any lags.
4. Calls : Voice is crisp and clear.. 
Final conclusion: As an audiophile this phone is a huge disappointment for me.. Unless they improve battery performance and resolve the audio issue with earphones this piece is not worth it. My Moto E was able to play better music than this.. 
The worse thing was Flipkart refuses to acknowledge the audio issues and refused return/refund for the product. I have ordered several products from Flipkart and this is the first time I felt let down by them.. 
 First of all , I would like to express my happiness for delivering the mobile within 24 hours of ordering.Many friends, who have bought ,expressed their pleasure and wrath. My view about the phone are as under. 
Display is fine.
Call clarity is good.
Handy.
Processor is doing its duty well. 
Not comfortable with UI . Hence Changed to Nova Launcher. 
For those who would like to have their downloaded Apps not onto RAM to have more space, may install APK Editor Pro App . 
Overall I am satisfied. The smartphone is neither burning your fingers nor your currency. You can certainly go for it. 
This is my second review after putting the instrument to use for about a week. My observation is that the phone is unarguably the best for its price. The look, the display , the call quality and every other feature is fine. Of course , as has been pointed by many, the camera feature needs to be improved.I have not faced any heating problem. Probably those using it for games may have experienced otherwise. The battery lasts for longer time. For the whole day usage of about 2 to 3 hours , the battery drains about 20-25% 0nly. 
Overall I am quite satisfied with the performance and I would recommend it to others. Go for it.  
 Audio and display quality is awesome...  
Audio: clear sound let you enjoy every bit of music loud and clear  
Display: very sharp you never expect is kind display in this price range  
Software: Not good as expected. Clean UI but some apps are getting crash and some games are not supported.. 
Heating: feel warm always while using 3g and 4g 
Battery: OK OK... Draining.... after update it will get better.. Hope so...   
 so i got it from 1st flash sale and after using it im very satisfied from this mobile at this price range.
1.Today all the mobile phone gonna heat becuz of their powerfull processors. 
2.camera quality is not good in low light. 
3.Fingerprint scanner not so fast while unlocking...but i think its software problem and can be resolved in future. 
4.It has an INFRARED port you can use this to operate your AC,projector,TV, or any other appliances which supports infrared remote....u can also program it using your original remote. 
5.camera quality is sharp and crispy..but not in low light. 
6.Superb Looks.....everyone gonna see the phone and wants to know which mobile is this....(my experience i got about 8 peoples on first day asking me "which phone is this,its looking superb") 
7.its not heating like that as peoples are saying about this. 
8.earphones are not there in the box but definitely in place of that you will get the better quality charger and its wire. 
9.The best thing is..he blessed with a USB type-C. 
 I just to say one thing to all those who are reviewing and reading the reviews .. Pls keep one thing in mind product cost is only 10K but the reviews seems as if we are reviewing galaxy S6 or note 5. 
While giving review just provide one handset worth 10 K and compare its features with LETV 1S. 
Kindly note 10000 mein kya bache ki jaan loge..RK 
 There is always a but with the budget phone :P:P:P:P:P 
Worth Every Penny !! 
Pros -: 
Design,
Processor ,
Storage (until you dont get android M you cannot store in External SD card so its a plus and 32 GB is enough nexus phone 5x even come with that ) 
Display 
Voice is also nice (less than k4 note but still nice ) 
Cons:
Battery is okk around 3 to 3:30 hours of screen on time
Camera not sooo good , ok ok kaam chalau :P
heating not much metal body so you will feel a lil bit but its okk processor is heavy and metal body you will definately have some , go with back cover  
Simple if you are going for camera ,battery and Virtual Reality don't go for this phone  
Looking for performance , looks and display can think of it .... 
In Budget its worth buying and believe me did a lot research on other phones too before buying this.. every phone has some or the other problem so have to settle somewhere 
 The camera quality is not up-to the standards.. seems to be quite dim and selfie is pathetic.
Mi is far better in terms of camera.
Rest is ok. I would like to return this product or else I ll replace it. 
Not Happy. 
 Flipkart delivered with in one day after order placed.. 
Positive 
1.Phone is well built...
2.Finger print sensor responsive
3.type C charging is super fast
4.Touch resposive 
Negative 
No ear phones included
a bit bulky  
In this price point its surely a smash hit.....this review is after using couple of hours..Earlier i have used infocus , lenove k3 note compare to that this phone stands in first place..  
 By looking at the specs and design I was much impressed and bought this phone but I must say it has disappointed me and could not impress me in anyway. So I will start with Negatives rather than positives. 
WORST AND UGLY UI I HAVE EVER SEEN 
BASIC AND IMPORT FUNCTIONALITIES MISSING 
Its phone book is just useless. You cannot do anything except adding contacts individually. I did not find important options like sim contacts, import-exports, contacts to view etc. I do not know if they are there and buried somewhere else, I would still say it is a drawback if it not easily accessible easily. You must use third-party apps for full functionality and third-party apps will keep annoying you with stupid popup adds.  
QUICK SELECTION KEYS- There are no quick selction key on notification drawer, it has shifted to multi app window selection key and it is really annoying to access them.  
FINGER PRINT SENSOR- Fingerprint sensor is a joke on this. Very limited functionality. No gestures or additional integrations or whatsoever.  
AVERAGE CAMERA- Camera is just average, does not capture true light, picture come out little dull.  
HEAT- I understand that metal unibody designs normally generate heat but this phone seems to be heating up a lot just with basic usage like browsing, apps installations. Have not tried games on this phone but I am sure I can be used as an Iron box after playing a game for 5 minutes 
RAM CONSUMPTION- It has got 3gb of RAM but without any apps it says only 1.3 gb of RAM free. Its useless and ugly UI eats up 1 gb of RAM for no reason.  
NO CARD SLOT- Yes it is true you cannot extend the memory, you must confine yourself to the limited inbuilt storage.  
GOLD COLOUR back side catches stains very easily and its material seems to be attracting the dust and stains easily.  
HONESTLY, I did not like this phone at all. Initially, I thought it looks beautiful and looks amazing but after using it for 2 days I started to hate it and It started to look UGLY and useless. If you still want to buy this phone then look for positive reviews somewhere else.  
I think it has been hyped more than its actual worth. It is not worth the price you pay. I feel there are much better brands with similar or better specs with beautiful and user-friendly UI. My suggestion is - look out for other phones at this price range and you wont regret.   
 The phone is getting heated too much even for a minimal usage of surfing the browser or downloading an app or even 5 mins of a call. Other than that, I feel this phone has some good features like finger print (5 seconds to unlock), Camera quality is not bad. 
 The worst mobile ever..network issue is like an hell..heating problem camera is below average 
 1 .Very bad battery backup ,
2 .Looks very good,
3 . Video camera is also good,
4 . Phone signal very poor,
5 .Internet speed very bad, 
6 . Better finger print censer 
 Guys
who ever is complaining about the phone's heating issue and battery backup there is a solution for it
even i got mad about this problem
just use the battery assist in the settings and enable it
set it to superpowersaver mode
you will see a huge difference in reduction in heat and great batttery life
atleast about 5 hours of screen on time
even while gaming
i play clash of clans continuously, but it gives me 4. 5 to 5 hours of screen on time
This is a genuine review just to help u guys out 
 l1. when i try to get charge my phone it getting heat.
2. when i make a call to some one again it heats 
3.while plying some music or any media clips then also it is getting warm.
The other side
4 when i browse inter net then the mobile get burn even i can't hold it on my hands 
I am fully satisfied with the size, color, display , sound, operating system everything is good. (Collapse) 
 Looks good...but getting more and more heat while charging and playing the games ...screen resolution is not that much effect 
 Mobile slipped of hands while i was siting and the screen broke completely, This is very very week screen and heard the same from my brother who bought that last week. 
Please let me know where can i get the new sceen and also post the charges, Heard from some one that it costs 5 k, For a 11 k phone 5 k looks quiet high, rather will think of if i should replace or buy someother phone. 
 It's a dream phone. Some fools who writes negative reviews don't know what an octacore is and probably never held a smart phone in their lives. Gives their feedback that the phone heats UP - IT'S AN OCTACORE and with AN ALUMINUM BACK for crying out loud! What would one expect when the processor is tweaked for high performance? Fools like these should go back to using their "not so" smart phone. 
And NO! it will not and cannot fry an egg. 
 Never buy this phone the phone is getting heated like a iron box and when submitted the phone for service, they claim that 50 degree centigrade is normal heating in this phone. 
The phone display got broke and LeEco says to pay and get a new phone they dont have service part available in india. (Phone display was broken because of heating issue, still they ask me to pay an get a new phone) 
 I will go through most of the specs and will try to cover every important thing rewuired for you to know.
Here is my review for the LETV LE 1S:
1.BUILD QUALITY:The build quality for this phone is fantastic.It feels really premium to hold and has a stylish design . It is a little heavy but does not feel that heavy. Remember if u are a careless person and who drops the phone some times this is not the phone u want to buy. The glass can break very easily.The build quality gets a rating of 8/10. 
2.CAMERA: The camera performence is good. Not that bad as people are criticising it in their reviews.
Some shots during day time indoors or outdoors come out to be fantastic and can be compared to a camera from a ios device. The camera performance under fully artificial lighting come out to be a little noisy if u dont have a very stable hand.(THE CAMERA REVIEW WAS FOR BOTH FRONT AND REAR CAMERAS)
Otherwise the camera gets a rating of 6/10. 
3.HEATING : I must say ..the phone gets pretty hot at times . If u are even just playing casual games or just socializing online it starts to get pretty hot.
Even while it is on charge for a long time the surface on which it is kept gets hot or warm. I would suggest having a ventilation gap between the phone and the surface on which it is kept .5/10 for its heating issues. 
4.FEATURES : Compared to its rivals and price this phobe very very feature rich.
The fingerprint scanner is actually fantastic and is fast but sometimes pretends to not recognise your touch.
The other fearures like the infrared blaster and approximity sensors work just fine.
The fast charging is really fast and just superb.But as i said it heats up like a frying pan.(IM BEING SARCASTIC).9/10 for its features. 
All over it is rightly said that it is a superphone.  
 Grt phone at this price . 
I haven't faced any heating issue yet its been 10 days now .
 Battery give screen on time of about 5:30-6 hrs . fast charging is grt approx 80 min to charge from 5% to 100%
With new OTA update (28th march 2016) camera performance also increased ..
with IR blaster im able to control my samsung tv and airtel set top box .
And i don't knw y people facing heating issues . it does heat to same temperature as my htc one x but thats nothing like people says it hot pan or iron.  
 if you looking for new mobile please don't buy letv le1s...................................................................... 
 From the first day Back key is auto worked.. On selecting left hand mode,it workes as multi tasking, 
Camera quality is poor, and Flash is also to poor,
Battery backup is poor on full brightness..!
.
Goes for return.
!!! 
 I have purchased the phone on flash sale in Feb.I received the phone in 2 days.When I unboxed I surprised to see the premier phone.Phone was looking gorgeous in hands and giving smart look.Software was very simple as compared to Samsung and not so interesting but good.I got only 23 GB ROM and only 1.5 GB RAM.Rest was consumed by preloaded sw.But phone was working smoothly.I fully charged the phone but battery was draining without using the phone.While charging Phone was getting heated so that you can't dare to make a call.Camera was also not so impressive.I compared it with Mi and Vivo phone and Le performance is worst.But in lookwise and performance phone is good.So I make a call in Flipcart and they checked the phone with their online application and provided a replacement.
 I got my new phone on 16 Feb and it is working little smoothly but heating while charging and making call.Also battery was draining very fast.I waited for 25 Feb as Le was suggested to provide some update.But after installing update there was no change.Still battery performance was poor.Watsup messages were not coming automatically.I have to launch the application.Also when your phone memory would go near to 10 GB phone starts to little hang or you can say slow.Also after the update Fingerprint scanner performance was also poor and working one time if tried 3 times.So again I called Flipcart and they again checked my phone with their online application and found problem in phone and finally provided me refund.
 Hope my experience with the phone will help. 
 I bought the Superphone Le 1S on 1/March/2016 when the stocks had came back and got by 5/March/2016 counting every seconds! 
-------------
DESIGN :- (10/10)
------------- 
The body is completely Metallic and Gold version is beast in looks. The fingerprint sensor is shining metal. Full body is chrome plated. 
-------------- ---------------
SCREEN & DISPLAY :- (10/10)
-------------- --------------- 
The screen is Full HD with 1080p which can give 4K output. The Screen is powered by Gorilla Glass-3. Awesome Display and can see it contents even highly tilted. Love it  
--------------------- --------
PROCESSOR & RAM :- (9/10)
--------------------- -------- 
The phone is powered by 2.2 GHz Octa core processor which works smoothly. Love it 
Ram is very big with 3 GB RAM. You can get 1.2 GB (Approx) Ram free every time. This can be a Con about the phone but doesn't seems to me (I m a mid-Advanced user). 
--------------
CAMERA :- (9/10)
-------------- 
Camera is simply Awesome. Some users said that the camera quality is bad in 
Dim light or low light but they didn't know the complete features of camera app. You can Capture Photos(Square, Night-mode, Scene, HDR), Videos And THE THING I LOVE THE MOST IS "SLOW MOTION VIDEO". You can take two types of slow motion videos-
2X and 4X. 4X has the most frame rates and you can take highly smooth slow motion videos just like the iPhone 6. 
Front camera (5 MP) pics are excellent with vivid range of colours.  
{ NOTE:: (FOR ALL USERS) you can adjust the light by a tap on the focus by keeping 
pressed and then drag the sun you see away from the circle. } 
---------------
BATTERY :- (8/10)
---------------
 Battery is good with 3000 mAh. It can take a backup of whole day with some battery always left. On heavy use, battery lasts for about 6-7 hours. For saving battery, you get 3 power saving modes- power saving, Super power saver and ultra power saver. By ultra power saving mode, you can extend battery life by about 30% of total battery. 
The battery charges excellently fast. It charges from 10% to 100% in 75 Min only !! 
---------------
HEATING :-
---------------  
 The phone heats up when charging but solved by the OTA update by eui.  
---------------
VERDICT :- Final Ratings :- (9.5/10)
--------------- 
It is the best phone I ever saw in such an amazing price. The price worth it.
Get it if comes in stock without thinking anything.... 
 When I purchased this phone, it wasn't updated and that's why it heats little bit but after it's 1st update , my Le works perfect without heat and lag. Simply awesome. If you are reading this review than you have to buy this phone. Just go for it. 
 A beautiful phone. Working really well...Battery is average..daily charging is necessary without games and watching movies etc...Quality of 13 MB Camera is not good. 
 Le 1s change all mathematics in mobile. Full HD hot & sexy metallic body. Looking slim & cute. 5.5 inch full HD 403 ppi vivid colour display with Corning gorilla glass 3 protection. 2.2 GHz Helio X10 turbo MTK 6795T octa core processor running so smooth. Fingerprint sensor work also so well. 3 GB RAM 32 GB ROM work so fast. 5 megapixel front and 13 megapixel camera average. But 4k video recording decent. 3000 mh battery good for all day. Fast charging work well. Worth buying. Go for it. In rs.10999 its really a super phone. I love it. 
 worth for 10 grands gives more than any other co. had ever given till today and hardware performance is outstanding s/w performance needs to be refined. 
 I have been using this device from past 7 days and its the beast at this price of 11k. This is the best phone every thing is perfect. battery is good, look and feel awesome, camera both front and back are good in day light , at night average, performance is the excellent . Helio X10 and 3GB of ram is just perfect. gaming experience is also excellent. I will highly recommend this device . 
 Hey
I am really happy to get this phone, going to buy another color for my wife also.
thanks flipcart 
 This is my Honest Review or opinion what ever u might call it.
Pros:-
Build quality of this phone is simply the best and silver looks amazing
Hardware of this phone are exceptional in this price range
Finger Print Scanner is very quick
It has adaptable IR Blaster u can set for any remote all u need to play with it
Charges very fast Type-c works beautifully
Display is the best out of all
It can record 4k video recordings now thats something
Playing games on this phone is fabulous ( very nice experience no lag whatsoever )
Delivery within a day ( 24 hours max )
Customer care is also Okay, i called them and they called me to know feedback,thats nice. 
Cons :
Sad to say but Heating is an issue it goes to 44 degree celcius
yes battery drains quickly also charges quickly LOL
Few glitches in the UI,I think it would be resolved through OTA Updates ( Hope is the keyword )
Specially exposure thing kinda annoys in the camera ( rear camera 13MP ),May be it can be resolved with an update.
Biggest drawback is it has no gyroscope, in the current day context VR gonna be day-to-day thing. 
*Most sad part is FlipKart doesnt recognize people who buyed their phones in the flash sales are not eligible for the feb 25th offers like music to ears and Mahindra kuv *  
 After having used this phone for about 15 days, I can definitely say that it offers a nice user experience. Biggest plus is its awesome display, and the build quality of this phone, camera is average nothing special battery back up is also decent nothing to boast about.  
Overall value for Money. 
 Very good mobile with very average camera.
Everything is working well for me including amazing finger print sensor. If camera quality improves with software updates it'll become super phone.
When comes to battery it is very good. With minimum use it lasts for 48 hours. Heavy use 24hours for me. Only you have to do is only charge when it comes to10%. Then use it after it reaches 100%. If u do this for 10 cycles definitely battery backup improves. Don't disturb it while charging.
Heating is there but minimal. With updates it'll come down. I saw 2 devices like this in previous years. 
 guys dont believe in negative reviews. i am using this phone since last week and in one word its just osummmmm....blindly go for it. 
 Great performance,camera,sound,ui.
Very fast performance wise and sound is just great when u have combination with JBL .
Battery is great.
Awesome looks. 
 pros:
1. Premier look
2. Built is solid: Fell from 4 feet height and nothing happened to phone not even scratch (even when there was no protection guards)
3. Slow mo mode video option is too good. Quality is brilliant
4. Captures pictures very clearly even when travelling in car/bus/ train
5. Battery is not bad: Easily more than 14 hours for full usage such as 3G, Music or photograghy or gaming. Charging fast in 1 hour.
6. Best feature: Built in remote controller(readily be used to contral all TVs, AC etc), Customized data restriction to certain app (say user can set phone to use data only for Whatsapp)
7. Stable capture mode: Takes Selfie automatically, no need of pressing/tapping
8. Finger print scanner works perfect. Which can be used to capture pictures and selfies as well. 
cons:
1. Little heat issues when charging
2. Few UI bugs in data restriction part
3. Still capture was not stable. most of the pictures appeared to be blur. 
4. Comes with No earphones :(  
 It's a great phone at this price range with a lot of features. I bought this after doing some research. I had tough time in choosing between Lenovo K4 Note and LeTV LE 1S. Both are great budeget phones. The only reason I didn't go for Lenovo K4 Note is because of it's weak processor.  
Design - 10/10 Excellent build quality. At this price range, there is no other phone which can match LE 1S in the design. 
Performance - 10/10 Excellent performance, no lag at all. It is able to play Asphalt 8 in full graphics mode without any issues. 
Display - 9/10 Excellent Full HD display, smooth touch. Display is not that good under bright sun light compared to indoor conditions. 
Sound - 8/10 Sound quality is very good. But there is only one speaker at the bottom. It looked like it had two speakers but there is only one. The other one is for microphone. It could have been even better if they had provided two speakers. 
Camera - 6/10 Camera is average. Ok in good light conditions, bad in low light conditions. 
Battery - 6/10 Fast charging feature is very good. It charges quickly (10-100% in 80-90 mins). We have to use the adapter which comes along with the phone. If we use other adapters or use only the USB cable, fast charging is not happening. However, I found this fast charing feature is not consistent. Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't. Sometimes it takes 10 mins to charge 2-3% even though I use the adapter which came with LE 1S. Battery is discharging very fast, this is one major drawback. If I switch on the screen for 10 mins battery drops by 5-6%. 
Graphis/Gaming - 7/10. Gaming experience is very good. No lags and absolutely no issues when it comes to playing games but I am little dissappointed with it's graphics. Graphis are not up to the mark. 
Call quality - 5/10 Call quality is very bad when we use the phone's ear piece. The voice is not clear and we can hear some vibrations from the ear piece. But when I use the ear phones everything works fine and no issues at all. This is also one of the major drawbacks of this phone. 
Finger print scanner - 6/10 First of all, it's good to have this feature in a 11K budget phone. The performance of the finger print scanner is not up to the mark. Accuracy is only 60% but we can compromise on this as it is not very irritating. 
Finally, I would suggest anybody to buy this phone because of the features it is offering at this price range. There are some minor issues like fast battery discharing, call quality, avg camera and heating issues while playing games (sometimes during phone calls and charing as well). If you are ready to compromise on these issues, go ahead and buy this phone.   
 Hyped phone but performance below par. 
PROS
-Look and build. Gorgeous and premium.
-Price
Finger print scanner is cool and works efficiently. 
CONS
-As suggested in most reviews over heating is a known issue now. Software update badly needed to prevent further damage to the reputation of this new brand.
-Not very user friendly menu.
-Very less of GUI customization or optimization. Its like a 5k phone.
-Average camera. below average in low light.
-sharp edges and overall very slippery to hold. Seems like it will fall off from your hand with a gentle breeze.
-Low call volume.
- Charging cable ports are not the standard type, jack is slightly bigger than the usual ones, so one always need to carry this special cable.
-Don't know how durable metallic shell would be. Initial impression implies it is prone to scratches and dents.
-Low usable RAM. 1.4gb only when completely idle. 
-not getting whatsapp LED notifications..may be i need to set something 
 Awesome great le 1s this present situation with reasonable price good camara,good battery ,good display ,overall performance is very good loving this mobile thank you le Eco bring more good devices to India . 
 I will give 5 out of 7 star.
I have used this phone around two days and my findings are as below.
1. Build: The build quality is very nice. All metal body.
2. Camera: Main camera is very good in good light and in very low light camera is average.
Front camera is very good for selfie and I am very much satisfied with it.
3. Battery: Till now I find Battery life is also good.
4. Performance: It is very smooth not felt any lag.
5. Fingerprint scanner: It is working very fast and without error.
6. Sound: The sound is loud. I was able to hear even in crowd.
7. The only thing  (Expand) 
 Great Product. Product - price unjustified. Its 17-18K product. No heating problem. Phone does heat at fast charging but incase you are charging without adapter i.e via laptop or powerhouse, then no heating at all. This is pure physics. Work like butter. Only thing i recommend to Company is to shave off sharp edges. They are not dangerous but you definitely feel uneven sharpness when floating your hand on them. Also be aware that it doesn't include earphones. You need to buy separately. Flipkart hub is in chennai, so delivery is distance based, the nearer you are from Chennai, the earlier you get. I got on 4th day after ordering. 
 Upgrading the rating to 5 star 
Fully charged battery from 0% to 100% it took exactly 1hour30min.
I recently did a factory reset and found that battery life have increased a bit.
Also, the phone is emitting somewhat less heat than before. 
Also heard that the company would be rolling OTA update in February end or March beginning. 
Suggestions to new users - Do a Factory Reset of the phone before using it for the first time. You might get more battery life and less heating issues post doing it. 
Cheers! 
Update 15th Feb 2016 
 I have purchased this phone that it will be flagship phone 
here are my reviews after using it. 
1 Battery backup is very poor, It drains very fast when using internet 
2. Camera quality is very poor, indoor quality is very poor as compare to other phone like k4 note
3. Phone gets heated up   
 GUYS! Before I write review for this AWESOME PHONE...one should know that we're paying just 11k not 50K, so dont make your expectation reach boundaries of iphone or samsung edge etc. 
Let's start...
I was too excited like others for this phone, and got my hands on it in 2nd flash sale.
Thanks to flipkart for quick delivery and excellent packing. 
The moment you open the box and see the golden phone lying, you will just say WOWW... 
Phone comes only with charger.
Default battery is charged to 38% 
Apart from all the features you see in description, few things i want to mention which is good to have.
inbuilt call Recorder. 
Stylish metal body, slim and good to handle.
You need to have micro or nano sim for this, if you dont have just go to nearest mobile shop and they will cut your mini sim to micro or nano with sim cutter in few seconds at just Rs.30/- 
First thing i was worried was about phone heating which some of the reviewers mentioned here... 
let me tell you, your phone is brand new and needs some time to settle and get few updates when you connect to wifi. 
First i charged the phone to 100% and it was normal heat, that too because of metal compact body... not like heater ...which someone mentioned here. 
Phone never heats up when you call for 15min... in my case i made a call for 1.3 hrs... and no heating in phone. 
SO DONT WORRY ABOUT HEATING PROBLEM. 
Next, its say 3GB, but when you start using phone, you will see around 1.2 gb remaining and sometimes 800 mb...for this point i m concerned. 
Beause i am having samsung note 2 with 2gb and there after opening multiple apps remaining ram is above 1.2 gb. 
However phone is still fast and furious. 
CAMERA
Some people complained about camera, i would say not soo good and not soo bad..
Its good camera, all you've to do is change default camera setting... go to exposure and set to +1 doing so your darkness will go. 
Fingerprint is awesome 
Sound quality awesome 
WIFI caching Awesome 
I wont go deep here...would just say its a great phone at just 11k... again i m saying 11k.
same type of phone without finger pring Gionee s6 cost is 20k. 
So just go for it blindly, dont miss the opportunity.
I am going to buy another piece with 3rd flash sale:-) 
 The best mobile in its class. The mobile is outstanding, its running smoothly without facing any issue.
Few vital things to note : 
1.Mobile heats up while charging, but will be normal after few days as assured by a customer executive when i did call to report the problem.
2.My finger-sensor was not responding but after restarting the phone it became normal and its really fast.
3.The camera is good, battery backup is outstanding and it charges really fast.
4. I liked the look of the phone "the most".Its a beautiful machine.
5.It automatically adjusts the brightness according to environment and can adjust the battery usage as well if set so.
6.The processor speed is good even in 2G. 
Over all my experience has been positive so far after 2-days, and i recommend it to the person who is looking for a budget smart phone with cutting edge technology.
In 11k its far beyond the expectations, other phone with same features may cost not less than 16k-18k.
Go for it. 
 1. Mobile is heating while watching video, Playing games & Charging time
2. 4G VoLTE calls is not supported in mobile.
3. Poor Indoor camera quality 
 After reading lot of review about Heating I was worried weather to buy or not, I thought let me give a try, the phone is just amazing, I don't find any issue till now. No heating but the front camera is avg but back camera is really good..  
Any one planing to buy le 1s just go for it.. you will love the handy device..   
 I got my phone today and honestly I am impressed.It does not feel like a 11k phone at all,after 5 hours of usage here is what i found. 
pros:-
1.Awesome display:The display is crisp and gentle on the eyes and it provides good readability in sunlight but not the best sunlight readability
2.Snappy Performance: The Helio X10 certainly lives up to its name,I did not encounter any lags while browsing and watching videos or just scrolling through.I still have to test out the gaming performance.
3.Fast Charging: Its one of the best out there,my phone was charged from 0-72% in 1 hour, the phone tends to get hot but that is normal during fast charging due to the large power output.
4.Signal,Call quality and WiFi: I made a few calls and the reception on both the ends seemed fine,the call volume is a bit low to my liking but its adequate.I did not face any case of signal dropping during calls or during 3g usage.Wifi is awesome and it even supports dual band...no complaints there. 
now the cons
1.Camera: Average camera,It takes good pics in bright daylight but the images turnout grainy when shot in low light or artificial light.The videos are fine but focusing time is a bit high compared to other phones in the same price range.
2.Battery:3000mah battery might not be as mighty as you think,I can get almost a day on light to medium usage but the company claims they will fix the battery problems with an ota update scheduled for 21st and also the fast charging helps here to compensate for the avg battery life.
3.Heating:the phone tends to get warm during normal usage but coming from a Yu Yureka user its way better than the YU counterpart. 
That's about what i got in 5 hours,will update soon. 
 Most of the issues has been solved after the update...
thanks to flipkart for delivering this product with 19 hours awesome  
i was able to add the product during the flash sale at 12:00 pm On 2nd Feb. 
I made my payment on 3:50 pm on 2nd Fev. received the mobile before 1 pm on 3rd Feb.  
Display is great.
very smooth
lag free when multi tasking
battery gets charged as per the company claims (if ur home electricity is working fine without any low voltage )  
mobile heats while using mobile data and while may be due to metal body after using a back cover i don't feel the heat in my hand now.  
UI needs to improved,  
As per, Letv forum. there will an Ota update starting from FEB 21st to improve UI 
 Just opened the box , looks premium and well designed...... Will update my comments once hands on exp... 
 Hi All, I received the beast on Friday 5th.... How was the opening session be? 4 ppl were rounded as if there was a very serious meeting I was very eager to see the phone but the the Flipkart packing was so good that it delayed my eagerness for 5 mins, slowly opened the the box n tada Le 1s is here all 4 were shocked to see an I phone (le1s) this was the expression on everyone's face. Everyone were thinking it to be a phone of 20 - 25k, as soon as they herd the price they were shocked. So till here all surprises. Full metal body - 5***** Finger print scanner - 5***** Slimness - 5***** Build quality - 5***** How was the user experience of eui? As soon as we switched on the phone again ios (eui) again mistaken, well tat was very good ui was the comments. Overall the ui is very simple needs the below things to be added. 1. change fonts. 2. Camera app with beautify option.(like Mi) 3. Music app with equalizer. 4. Messaging app with encryption mode and import and export options (like in gionee). Other than this it's a very smooth ui. How was the camera? it was the expression on everyone's face. No beautify option, no front cam zoom, has very less customization to play around. Hope these will be fixed in next update. Currently images in low light are not images only its very bad..... And has lot of disturbance. How is the music n output? Music app is again very simple with useful features like stop music after sometime. Sound ouput - I don't expect tat mediatek processors can give such good output. Music app needs equalizer options. And much more options. Does this phone heat? Yes it heats while changing till 90% its due to quick charge, I have written this review on this phone took more than 1 hour there is no much heating. If it heats also its only upper back part n its comman in all smart phones. Especially in metal body phones. How does the quick charge work? I was really surprised with the speed of charging from 32% to 100% in around 40mins is very good. How is battery backup? For 1 hour review writing 9% battery lost. Hope the phone can last for a day without need for charging. How is the display? Awesome its perfect..... How does the finger print scanner work? It works perfectly no complaints. My recommendation.... 100% go for Le 1s. I have already refered a lot of people buy this phone. My observations till now... As leeco is new they need time to implement things. Hope next Ota plays a vital role in fixing issues. But I am very satisfied with the phone with premium killer looks. Buy it with trust .... Leeco will not let down the superfans. All the best Leeco.... - See more at: http://forum.letv.com/in/index.php?threads/super-phone-super-price.938/#post-16762 
 Nice Phone @ 11k. 
UI is Good (better than MOTO).
Performance is also good,not lagging.
Design is cool.
Battery is Good.  
 Camera not good. rest of the phone fatures are good but bad camra quality.it shows . i don't like its camera. it seems like money waste to me after seeing its camera quality. 
I want to inform Everyone.Attach this phone with your ear and listen if any sound came or not.????
my phone have sound of short circuit.   
 The Phone was well enough to compare with a Premium Phone Priced over 25k. but here it is the only 2 problems is 1.> that was i expected as i checked in many website before buying that is" Gyroscope ' . Gyro sensor is not there. so 360 videos on Youtube and virtual reality or Google cardboard can not be enjoyed in Letv Le1s. and there is other phones in this price does have the gyro. 
2.> and the next disappointment is that i Didn't expect from This phone as there many reviews or videos about the Camera 13mp shooter they say that the rear camera is pretty sharp and can take a good quality photo better then the other 13mp camera phones in market. BUT! it seems that i took many photos but they didnt came that much good as LeEco promised, the FlagShip Le1s is obviously has a good camera but the Retail unit is very disappointing as the picture was not sharp enough and that is not an a high quality 4k video, as well as the Slo Mo is ok ok type Resolution, but the HDR mode did some great photos. overall the camera is good but not good as they claimed. 
 It is a good budget phone with high end configuration. Here are some of the pros and cons I have noticed in this phone:
Pros-
1. Design and look is premium
2. Good screen and touch responsiveness
3. Fingerprint works well
4. Phone performance is very good
5. Quick charge is great 
Cons:
1. Heating problem (It starts heating very soon while playing games)
2. Camera is very poor (Not expected such kind of camera in this mobile)
3. No SD card slot 
Update:
There is an issue with the mobile display, when using the mobile under sunlight it starts flickering, some random tap happen internally automatically and touch doesn't work. 
Reducing rating to 2. 
 I have ordered this phone on 2nd Feb @ flashsale and mobile is in my hands on 3rd Feb, thanks to Flipkart for super fast delivery. 
I have used this mobile for some time and my initial impressions are
Pros:
 - Phone has very good built in quality with metal body
 - Display is awesome and viewing angle is super good.
 - Sound quality is excellent while playing few audio and video clips, audio on phone call is okay but could be better.
 - Quick charging feature is nice, and it charged from 1-10% in 7 mins or so 
 Cons:
 - Got 23 GB of memory available for use ( Seems EUI takes much space)
 - Phone ships with minimum set of apps, but still showing 1.5GB RAM is free, I am not sure what if we install more apps ( Seems EUI consuming heavy RAM as well)
 - Camera quality is not at all considerable ( only worst part I found so far in this phone) 
 - Wifi signal strength is also weak compared to Redmi  
No head phones included :( 
Thanks,
Rajeshwar 
 first of all thanks to flipkart to delivery in one day. after one day used i write a review here. Overall its a good phone. 
Pros: 
>> Its a fantastic phone under 11K build quality is amazing. 9/10 
>> Battery performance is pretty good and it does not quick charge. 8/10 
>> Its a friendly UI 9/10 
>> Back Camera quality is amazing we can shoot videos in 4K Recording 8/10 
>> Sound quality is good. 7/10
>> Finger print sensor 8 out of 10 times working well. 
Cons: 
>> Heated phone while charging. otherwise Its OK. 
>> Does not support third party apps. 
>> Front camera is not up to the mark. 
 Everything in mobile is great apart from camera.
Great looking, fast fingerprint scanner, fast charging, responsive touch, Good colour reproduction....
Very neat and clean UI. 
Found 1 more issue while connecting to corporate wireless, this is issue with android 5. While connecting to wireless network it was showing empty login page. so was not able to enter the credentials. so phone was not connecting to internet even-though it was connected to wifi.  
Solution : installed 'Dolphin' browser. As google's default browser chrome was not able to connect to the login page, after installing issue got resolved.   
Hello guys 
Thank u flipkart for fast delivery
Ordered at 1st march delivered on 4 march  
The outer packing was dirty and the package seemed as its taken a beating. The contents inside were safe and well packed. 
Now about the device.( using it for 10 days now) 
On first boot battery at 41% ( time 4:40 pm)
After sign in etc, showed os update (98 mb). After updating phone restarted took about 3 minutes to boot up battery at 38%.
Turned on data (BSNL) went out with the phone because my friend wanted to see the device. Traveled for 40 min in bus which gave me time to check the gps accuracy camera etc, reached his home ( listening music all the way). Battery 33%.
He and i both were very impressed with the build quality and styling.
Returned back home used for some more time. I reseted the phone. Then installed applications i required etc battery 21%. Watched some videos 4k video took some more photos etc battery at 5% ( time 8:30 pm). Set the phone to charge 5% to 100% 1:20 min.
Phone does get heated up while charging but it cools down within 2min. 
The phone with modrate usage (wifi full time, browseing, chatting, calls, online video watching listening to songs)the battery lasts for about 1 day easily.
Heavy usage about 12 hrs( gameing movie watching)
Light usage 2 days easily
The phone lose only 5% from 11:30pm to 9am in idle which is impressive.
The phone doesnt get that heated up while gameing. I cant say about heavy games. 
Camera (rear): its above average. But since last update the picture quality has improved tones.
Low light performance is good. Gets good amount of details even in low light. 
Front camera: gets good pics but sometimes gets blurred. But other times gets beautiful pics. Has already communicated with leeco and the promised the will solve the camera issues and improve it.
The biggest thing is the time it takes to focus. Its so fast it unbelievable. My digital camera take s more time to focus. 
Finger scanner. Work 9/10 times and thanks to the mirror finish it can be used to take selfi with back camera. 
Speakers:loud with good clarity and depth. 
Display: clarity excellent, brighting very good, colour reproduction awesome ( haven't seen such good display im budget phones).  
Performance: the phone will handle anything u through at it. 
The ui is smooth and haveing a such poweful hardware it handles tasks with ease. 
Network signal: reception and wifi range is good. 
Call details: clarity very good. 
I waited for this long for t reviewing the device because there were somuch negative comments been posted, so wanted to be sure before writing it.  
For those who hav bought the device amd having
 issues pls reset the device and charge only when battery at 5%. The heating during charging has decreased now compared to the first few times. 
I hope my review was helpful.
Akhil peter 
 Got my phone on Saturday 5th Mar. 
Phone has software issues. No PC Connectivity suite.
Battery back up is BAD. PHONE IS HEATING. PHONE BOOK & OTHER APPS STOP RESPONDING. I am very light user with no more than 20 minutes of phone calls per day, some whatsapp, email & sms. I was expecting atleast one and half day to two days from 3000 mah battery.. (My 20 months old lenovo S860 still gives more than 2 days, close to 3 days too from 4000 mah battery.)
I think Flipkart shipped me a RECONDITIONED / REFURBISHED & REPACKED mobile which they might have got as return from any customer. Box from Inside is telling the story.
Just watching couple of days then I'll have to return it.
I HAVE VOICE RECORDING WITH FLIPKART CUSTOMER CARE REPRESENTATIVE FOR CALL RECEIVED TODAY 08.03.2016 AT 17.13PM. 
 its gets hot after 10 min of internet usage,you can boil an egg,make rotis or can use like a warmer if you are in cold place,i am returning the same as i live in temparatures of 40 degrees  
as per flOpkart we have to use the phone at 48 degress it seems then only its defective. 
pls give address to send it for free let the management use it at 48 degress. 
u can change the name to flOpkart soon 
 After going through lot of reviews on Flipkart as well as on other websites I finally purchased Silver variant in third flash sale & received it on 19th Feb 2016. After receiving this device I did a factory reset as suggested by some users & customer service reps for better performance.  
I was little worried about major cons - Battery, Camera & heating issues but would say that the performance has been so far good in terms of battery & no major heating issues observed. 
I allowed the battery to drain completely & recharged it from 2% to 100%. The charging took time since I was using the device simultaneously to download apps, updates & play games. I have enabled battery assistance & since yesterday 6.00 p.m (after using internet & playing games for around 30-45 minutes) the battery is still 15%.For an average user like me the battery is overall good which could last for entire working day.  
Camera has average performance.  
However I am so DISAPPOINTED WITH SOFTWARE PERFORMANCE of the device which was not expected. These are basics where I expect every phone to deliver. Here are some UNIQUE ISSUES (Not available in the reviews that I read) that I have faced in terms of software:  
1) EMAIL:- 
I was able to successfully add my yahoo account and also able to receive & send emails but the PROBLEM IS WITH MY COMPANY EMAIL. I added my corporate email in the same app. & it showed me all emails received on 19th Feb 2016 after I synced it. The problem started later on where I am unable to receive or send emails after I have synced it since yesterday. I tried clearing cache on launcher & email app, did reboot as suggested by customer service rep but no resolution so far. I could only see those emails that reflected when I originally selected. I am also unable to Force stop the email app. The force stop button is greyed out.  
2) APP DOWNLOADS ON PLAY STORE:- 
I used a hi-speed internet (via WiFi) to download apps but the DOWNLOAD SPEED IS NOT CONSISTENT. It took around 7 & 9 MINS for me TO DOWNLOAD WHATSAPP & SHADOW FIGHT respectively. while other apps of around 50 MBs were downloaded in couple of seconds (Approx.7-8 seconds),. I did a reboot & Whatsapp & Shadow fight again but this time both downloads were quick.In late evening I tried to download Antutu 3D but had similar issues & was only getting a speed of around 60 kbps. The same Antutu 3D was downloaded in couple of seconds today morning. There were few additional examples too. I even checked my WiFi on other phones to ensure the problem is not with my internet connection  
3) World Clock - not working which is mentioned by other users too  
4) Le Cloud - Getting a pop-up in between that Le cloud has stopped & is unavailable  
Customer service rep are unable to solve the above issues & have asked to wait till the OTA update that will be available before 28 Feb. If the problem still persists I could go ahead & ask for replacement from Flipkart.  
I am giving it 2 STARS just because of NOT GETTING THE BASICS RIGHT which I may upgrade after the OTA update (provided it solves above issues). HOPEFUL that Le 1S successfully earns additional 3 stars too.   
 Okay my son dropped the mobile, and south West corner is broken! With close look I figured out that this us not a pure aluminium body, but it's something like MDF material of furniture. A compressed wood wastage, similarly compressed metal of wastage. 
Not worth buying 
Hi All, specs and pros cons you surf other reviews. 
Heating - i didn't notice any heating during charging or using phone during charging or after charging. May I request you to please reboot your phone after charging, or switch off during charging (just give a try - don't say its a myth and all), I've got Xperia Z3, a year old and visited twice to doctor - heating is what, its owners can understand - screen needs to change twice. even macbook is getting heated. 
Memory - I had opened all the apps one by one and checked memory, it went minimum 532 but no lagging, then I tried subway surfer (yes game lagged, or bit jerky not much), I downloaded around 10 other apps, and then cleaned the memory, got 1.7x available, and opened all the apps - all. remaining memory was around 600+ no issues while switching app, no crash. 
Call quality - its 70 out of 100 - i took bar of 100 from my z3.
Camera - hold it firm and still take some snaps, its ok...nothing great - they said lenses were from sony or samsung (i m sure its from samsung) (may be i m wrong) 
RAM - you will never get x-GB said ram free in your any device, it is the requirement to run your mobile basic software(OS), standard apps, etc.  
people here (india) just want to bash everything - What I did, read reviews of this 11k mobile, read 15-16k mobile, 30k mobile, 50k mobile all are having issues. 
have honesty - even if you are having mobile you still go for another or atleast think to get another one, these things will never end (human tendency) - online phone buying is gamble - and how Chinese companies make their phone surf youtube. atleast I would say 1+ is anytime honest and better than other brands.
I have got Z3, moto 1, 2(2 nos), one plus x, blackberry.
the most sturdy and keep working phone is Blackberry (my observation from 3+ years) btw it is still working) 
you can either buy 10k or 15k mobile 3 in three or four years or buy something like iphone or blackberry, no other brands. 
coming back to Letv - as per the review bahot logo ki "le li" he :D  
and I've experienced this was hyped (unnecessary - stupidly) about Letv le 1S. the 70K figure of sales was having impact of a news article on 2nd feb's morning in times (all paid news - we are watching you - media) 
i am sure 50% people who didn't get chance to buy on 2nd might have read all the reviews would have dropped plan of buying this metal. 
and atleast 50% people have bought in greed of 10% and other buttery hype. 
I like one review, if anyone who reached here and might have missed can use this code 
*#*#4636#*#* to check info on your metal. 
its true ppl are loosing faith in e-com - its all about dumping things, imagine when Apple says openly that they gives 9% margin to the retail owner on iphone and that too, 5% upfront and 4% after some time (i dont remember how many months), how can online sellers sales it for 20%, 30% disc. (i know that they are using its launching price for this, but even if the phone is sold by apple is 20k, for e.g., the online salers sale it for 13, 14k) 
if Letv wants eat hen, let them its one time, but if they are serious they will do something for it, lets wait if 21st feb gets you an update on EUI, and it resolves mainly heating/camera/and other issues.  
BTW EUI is good (IMHO), internet surfing is super fast, camera click is cool fast. 
Don't hate your phone(have some TOLERANCE :P - What did I say? - jokes apart), cause now you have to use it till the time you dump it and get dumped for some other mobile phone in future (I am not saying this since I didn't face such issues in my handset, but things are like that only, Quantity rarely gets followed by Quality) 
if you have any other query please post it here, we are all here to survive.  
Battery
Battery running out is not the problem of mobile, but some apps which you might have downloaded, or your wifi signals (rem - if it is poor it will consume more power) 
My ratings for mobile is 3 - I dont see Flipkart honesty anymore, they go to people like Letv and ask them, hey I will sale your phone (I will manage hype) and what is my cut - at the end of year - Flipkart is having millions of $ business, big FOOLian Day to celebrate. We are watching you - Flipkart - you will not wake up until you get some Zatka :) till the time enjoy. 
JH. 
 I discovered heating issue from the very first day of usage. This phone is a perfect heater. Switching on data services or WI-FI will heat this phone in a matter a 5 minutes. Heating starts once you open up any browser or application. Looking at the specs I went for this phone and now I am repenting as to why I bought this phone. Flipkart is not willing to take this phone back and is giving useless excuses claiming that the phone is not heating. They asked me to approach the service center in Hyderabad to get it checked. I gave this phone at the service center. After 2 days at the service center, I get the answer from those guys that they are not trained to repair this phone and they are waiting for Letv company to train them. They are not sure, when this training will be done and when they will be able to repair/ identify the problem. DO NOT BUY this phone at any cost. It is as good as losing your Rs 11000/-. I dont download/paly any games and generally use the phone sparingly. Still, heating is a problem. You cant hold the phone for talking as well due to this heating issue. 
 this phone is not of worth at all.
Getting heated and a certain problem with Le Cloud and clock also.
I just want to return and buy LenoveK4Note 
 Not up to the mark heating like a iron box only thing I impressed with this mobile is style 
 Everything good but any one tell me the procedure how to use Finger print access in this phone. I tried but no option available in unlock screen with using finger Print. 
 I want to ask people that why they need review of user,
Well, maybe my review long but its my opinion,
I have booked successfully LE 1S in first flash sell and I got it as soon as possible,
box packing was very protective and obviously flipkart and WS seller providing good packaging service, 
well, I opened the box and I became....just.....can't explain that moment,
but it was not enough though, I started my superphone and it was veryy smooth on first hand, 
RAM was 1.5GB free on first startup (8 out of 10) 
Memory, I forgot to check available memory because of joy,  
Screen is natural black like 30k phone during sleeping while it is very clear and vivid and more better than others, I can say, (9 out of 10) 
I read and watched on youtube also that many reviewer claims that camera is decent,
but as view of my opinion, camera is good as samsung or i can say better than samsung,
I took many pics and all were better and good looking, well, i got nervous because there is one flash with camera,
so I entered in my dark room, and took some pics,
what was result?
amazing yaaaar, it is enough, all photos taken in dark places were looking like taken in daylight I can say, (8.5 out of 10) 
Fingerprint sensor is amazing magic sensor, it is working like blinking your eyes, too fast..(9 out of 10) 
Processor is 2.2 which is very fast, I have installed 120 apps including heavy games and apps and still my RAM is approx 500MB available, thought, no lag and no hanging, all apps are working smooth and fast, (8 out of 10) 
Over all design and premium look is like apple, once you pick superphone in your hand, you credit will be increased, he he,
I saw that many rich people prefer Apple because of its premium look,
but I told to my friends that I have not Apple but I have tree of Apple, (10 out of 10) 
I just went to my friends house, he was watching tv (smart tv of Samsung), I silently started IR Blaster sensor and without speaking any word I make TV off, he shocked how happened? he again started, I again did turn off, I did it around 10 times, then he told me that "I think my smart tv need repair"
then I show him my phone..and that moment was very crazy (10 out of 10) 
There are google apps installed in system app so if you wan to use then no worry, but if you don't need some app thought you can't uninstall them and they are using around 150MB RAM, but I will not root, because I am not facing any lag or hanging problems, 
Over all (8.5 out of 10) 
In brief, just close your eyes and go for it in this budget..... 
 Letv is excellent mobile in this price segment.
Pros
1.display is good.
2.camera quality is good.
3.works as a remote with ir blaster.
4. finger print reader is good to detect the prints
cons 
1.storage is 24.39gb for user.
2.over heating issue.
3. charging is average not very quick. 
Not a good entry for letv in indian market as there are many other handsets with no heating issue.eg redmi  
 This is super phone. It is having all that is required best battery, display. Most importantly look is amazing. Feeling when it is hand is awesome. Doesn't lag at all. No heating. It in fact beats Xiaomi Redmi 3 in its stunning look. Xiomi looks ordinary cheap phone while comparing side by side. Xiaomi has poor body while LeEco has shining metal body plus wonderful display. 
The only con is its camera quality. It is not upto mark when we zoom any taken phone with mobile.  
But for 11000 we get phone worth 30000. Just go for it. 
 phone generates so much of heat, i believe it is another reason for a global warming. i ordered this phone on a 2nd lecoday 7th april 2016 and got delivered the product thevery next day. thanks to the flipkart service. 
i was exited to experience the phone as the hype surrounded it exited me buy the phone,
upon unboxing i really felt wow, but hold on.. as soon as i powered on the phone i was feeling some heat, the next wifi was unable to connect, i rebooted so many times but no luck and installed the OTA avaialble which also failed to connect the wifi, by the time of usage of 15 mins the phone already started heating my hand like a iron box.i the camera quality is a very third class i have seen so far in a budget phone, i feel event the mircromax devices used to provide a decent camera quality. sound quality is OK OK.
the only best part is the looks and the fingerprint sensor. 
the next very step i did within a half day usage is login to flipkart and clcik on return button. not satisfied with the hype surrounded to it. It was definitely a let thums down product from let v.. 
We should refrain from buying such phones. all those giving 5 stars and praising the phone , put you hands on your heart and ask truth to yourself. 
This is the first time i am giving a 1 start rating to a product i purchased on flipkart . 
 its been a week since i have been using this LEeco 1s and i need to to say that its an amazing phone under sub 15K segment the built and quality of the phone looks and feel premium people looking at the for the 1st would be confused to the iphone 6s as letv has used aeroplane aluminium grade material and also worlds 1st phone with screwless design
lt has also used incell technology in its phone  
The sound quality and call quality of the phone is also amazing the network connection of the phone is great and you can use it even in basement or lift or even underground metro without any call drops i was earlier using samsung note 5 and also xiaomi mi3 but i used to find it difficult while connecting to the same cellular network 
finger print sensor is super fast and it works 9/10 times 
people who are intrested in listening to music can buy this phone as music quality is loud and crystal clear 
i have read lots of comments regarding the battery let me tell you guys it has an amazing battrey supported by quick charge technology it can last nearly 36 hours on an single charge 
NOTE: EVEN I WAS FACING HEATING ISSUES ON VERY 1ST DAY BUT I FACTORY RESET THE PHONE TWICE AND ALSO ACTIVATED BATTREY SAVING MODE FROM THAT TIME ITS SUPER COOL 
The user interference is not that amazing cause Letv is new entrant into smartphone world and it will take time to adjust for them to improvise 
people who are only intrested to buy this for camera then sorry guys this is not your type cause the camera is not that great picture taken outdoors are amazing but those taken in indoors are poor 
good things are always meant be shared at the last i along with my two other friends decided to take three different phones under sub 13K price range and here is the comparitve review of 1 week  
features LETV 1S LENOVO NOTE K4 HUAWEI HONOR 5X
build 10/10 7/10 8/10
camera 5/10 8/10 8/10
battrey 8.5/10 7/10 8.5/10
display 9/10 9/`10 9/10
Calls 8/10 7/10 8/10
price 10/10 9/10 8/10
music 9/10 10/10 9/10
Fingerprint 9/10 7/10 9/10
gaming 8/10 6/10 8/10  
 I write this review after using the phone for 4 days. Following are my ratings for the various features of this phone. 
VERY GOOD 
1. Display - Very vivid colors that are as good as AMOLED. Sufficiently bright to use in sunlight. Texts are very crisp and videos play very well. 
2. Sound quality of Speaker - It is loud and almost distortion free. Very premium feel. 
3. Infrared - The infrared with the inbuilt application works perfectly well with various devices. I tried it with four different devices and it worked flawlessly with all of them. 
4. Build Quality - The phone is sturdy and is very beautifully made. Excellent craftsmanship. If you judge only by the looks and finish, it is passable even in the 30 thousand plus category. 
GOOD 
1. Software and launcher - It is bit different but once you get used to it, it is a good experience. 
2. WiFi - WiFi reception strength is impressive. Works better than all the previous phones that I have had. 
3. Finger Print Sensor - It works fine and is accurate most of the times. 
4. Super slow video recording - Though not very sharp it still is very pleasing. 
5. Battery - I am not into gaming but still use my phone actively through out the day for calls, instant messaging and web surfing and the battery manages to last through out the day. 
6. Network - No problems with phone reception. 
AVERAGE 
1. Rear Camera - It is slightly above average in daylight but just average and at times even below average in artifical lighting and pictures clicked with flash.  
2. Call Quality - Although the voice is loud and has good bass, it lacks severely on treble/sharpness and this is not very pleasing. I wonder if future updates can add a bit of sharpness to sound. But overall call quality is definitely not bad. 
3. Heating - I am not into gaming and my comments are based on other uses of the phone. The phone does heat a bit while charging and continuous camera use but not to the extent of causing any discomfort. It is very usable and for me heating is not an issue. 
4. Quick Charging - I have charged the phone 3 times till date and the first two instances the phone charged in an hour and 10 minutes. But surprisingly it took two and half hours the third time. This has puzzled me and now I am anxious to see how much time it takes in future charges.  
5. Touch Screen - It is good but at the very bottom of the screen it is not as responsive. I have two apps which have buttons at the extreme bottom of the screen and in both the apps those buttons are mostly unresponsive. Only after many attempts the touch on those buttons work.   
BAD  
1. Front Camera - Day light shots from front camera is bad and those in indoor lighting and bit less lighting is pathetic. I have not seen any phone till date even in Rs. 5000 category with such bad front camera.  
OVERALL THE PROS GREATLY OUTNUMBERS THE CONS AND SO THIS PHONE WILL BE A PATH DEFINING MOMENT IN INDIAN SMART PHONE INDUSTRY.  
ONE BIG DISAPPOINTMENT IS THE CASH BACK OFFER FROM AXIS BANK DEBIT CARD. Rs. 75 from my wallet was adjusted and balance I paid using debit card. During checkout wallet balance is automatically checked and unless you remove it , it gets adjusted in payment. BUT CLUBBING WALLET PAYMENT WITH DEBIT CARD MEANS YOU WON'T GET ANY CASHBACK. So paying 75 from my wallet made me lose 1100 cashback by AXIS BANK.  
Also if you complete purchase through from laptop than one won't get any cashback. Please be aware of this and don't lose Rs. 1100 like me. 
FLIPKART this is unfair. Losing Rs. 1100 just because I used Rs. 75 from wallet (that too because it was the default option) is grossly unfair. 
 CONS/Areas of Improvements!
1. Do not go for it if you love to take Pictures/Selfies.Camera's are bad. 
2. Phone gets overheat while charging.
3. Does not have an option to put it in VIBRATION mode.
4. Phone got 3GB RAM but 1.8GB RAM for OS? No one can digest this funny thing! 
5. Unnecessary apps are in built which can't be uninstalled.
PROS/Beauty!
1. Awesome design
2. Fingerprint sensor rocks
3. Worth for Money I invested. 
I would love to suggest this product to friends/make the rating as 5* if they fix the issues over the next OTA. All the best guys.   
Hi everyone !  
Received the phone in time thanks to Filpkart . Kudos to the LeEco team for making the le 1s . My first impressions of the device are as follows 
DESIGN 
The all metal body design aesthetics is very good .Design is not only premium but also very sturdy which stands out in the crowd . An equal paisa wasool for the design aspect 
DISPLAY 
LeEco has 5.5 FHD screen watching movies is eye pleasing . Viewing angles are pretty good .under Sunlight legibility is good with 500nits brightness of the display , We can change the display colour, saturation with 4 color modes available such as letv ,vivid , natural & soft . I like the natural colour setting 
FINGERPRINT SENSOR 
Mirror Fingerprint sensor which is first phone in the world to equip which is very unique with square shape . I liked the way it functions with an accuracy of 90% . By touching the fingerprint sensor we can click photos which is very convenient. 
PERFORMANCE 
As we know le 1s has helio x10T octa core offers fast , seamlessly multitasking . I have installed the major applications didnt faceup any hiccups in performance . Gaming is just pleasing to play . I felt slight warm on the back of the phone while gaming which is very common in today chipset SOC . My previous two phones tends to heat also 
CAMERA 
13mp main camera with PDAF autofocus licks the photos instantly . we can take the photos by touching fingerprint which is handy feature to have . Quality of the pics in outdoors are good & indoor quality is nice with little noise in the pics shot. 5MP front camera taken slefies are good too 
SOFTWARE 
EUI based on 5.5 based on lollipop is the brain of the phone smooth, clean, performs well. control center is unique  
BATTERY 
I watched the YouTube video for 35min HD video battery percentage dropped is 6 % by which I can easily get the battery life for one day . USB Type c charges the phone pretty quickly I charged the phone @30% to 100% in 50 minutes 
Whereas cons for the device is No Fm , non-expandable storage (supports the USB OTG ) . 
Overall phone gives superb performance, More value to money what we paid.   
I will give my full review after using for few more days  
 First of all thanks to flipkart for such a fast delivery. I got the phone within 2 days of order. Keep it up Guys.... 
Review after 2 days of usage 
Call Quality - 10/10 (Speakers & mic are very good. You can hear the calls perfectly & the other person also can hear properly. It connects to the network properly) 
Speaker - 8/10 (Speakers are good. You can hear the voice loud and clear. I felt the speakers could have been more clearly audible.) 
Build Quality - 10/10 (Would have given more than that if there was an option. The metal body is awesome. My only worry is that it may make the display glass more vulnerable to shock if the device falls down. Hence have ordered Heartly back cover to absorb some shocks & protect the display from shocks) 
Touch Response - 10/10 (butter smooth) 
Display - 10/10 (The display is very sharp & color reproduction is great) 
Battery Charging - 10/10 (Forget about turbo charge of Moto Turbo devices. This device has USB type C port & an awesome charger that charges the device from 0-100 in just 1 hour 15 min) 
Software - 6/10 (Software is easy to use. You can create folders of the apps & games for easy access. Moreover you can set Google launcher if you want an app drawer like interface. If you see any software issues like apps closing automatically or some app not opening up; then do a factory reset, it will get fixed. I faced that when i first started but never experienced that again after the factory reset) 
Gaming - 10/10 (All high end games like Asphalt 8, dead trigger 2 plays smoothly with high display settings.) 
Camera - 7/10 (Pretty decent pics from a device at this price range) 
Fingerprint - 10/10 (Its hectic to setup; but ones done it will never let you down. While setting up, just make sure you are rotating your finger & making sure all prints are captured by the sensor. You will see red lines being filled on the device. Once thats done device will always recognise your finger prints) 
IR Blaster - 8/10 (Giving less points just because i couldnt set that up for my videocon D2H set top box. It may be because it has an RF remote. Moreover i cannot use it on my bluestar AC as its not supported) 
Data Transfer - 10/10 (Data transfer from PC is super fast.) 
Now coming to the down side. I wont say this can never be fixed. All these can be fixed by software updates if offcourse Letv takes up to fix these & provides us a software update.
Battery - 6/10 (The battery drains fast, but will still last for a day with moderate usage even with 3G ON) 
Heating Issue - 7/10 (Though the device heats a bit while playing graphics intensive games, but it doesnt heat that much that you cant handle the phone. All the low range chinese devices heats up; but this being a metal body the heat is more noticeable on this device.) 
RAM - 6/10 (The RAM management is average. We can see hardly 1.4 GB RAM free out of 3 GB. But its still more than enough for the device to function smoothly) 
All the downsides are related to software. Its the average RAM management & may be CPU management as well which is eating up battery as well making the device warm. So am just hoping for a software update which will fix these issues.  
Even with the above issues i am very happy with the device. You cannot get more than this at this price. Total value for money 
Dont think twice, Just Go for it Guys!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
 I was a little nervous after reading some reviews but when I used it for myself... Simply awesome. 
If you guys want every little thing to be perfect then you gotta spend more. 
About this phone everything is perfect.
People who are having problems should get it exchanged bcz they surely got a faulty piece. 
It came 92% charged and I set it up, downloaded apps and after 13-14hrs it got to 12%... Amazing battery. Almost all my apps were running and heavy downloading and even after charging no heating issues at all. Antutu scored around 54k.
Camera is not good, I agree. Noisy imaged but hdr mode is decent. Front camera is a worry. I'll recommend to use better camera apps from play store and they make the camera works. 
Charged 100% from 10% in just 1hr 40mins. Amazed. 
Works liquid smooth, even with all apps open, it has no lags. 
Screen super rich n looks... Well hands down, the best. 
Fingerprint is fast n responsive.. You'll take time to get used to it. 
Everything is awesome leaving some issues with camera and eui. But as it's a new OS it has some bugs and I'm sure future OTAs will fix them and make the camera better too. 
In 10k you gotta compromise for the camera for a f*cking ultra smooth and powerful phone. 
I found it the best among 10-20k range and I'm more than satisfied. Kudos! 
 The camera quality is very bad and even mobile gets heated near about 38 to 45 degrees,in all remaining cases like battery stand by and performance this mobile is far better than any other mobile in this price segment 
but it is awesomes in performance and display quality 
 First thanks to Flipkart for bringing new products and delivering them as promised. 
Well I own an iPhone 6 and can't stop myself comparing with it. As most of the lucky people have spoken about the good and bad about the product, let me just put my findings. 
1. Truly it's Chinese iPhone. The box resembles the iphone, even the inside contents. Fantastic cloning without compromising the uniqueness. 
2. The body is sturdy and very similar to 6S plus in design. It's built to last. But, we need to see the long term paint quality here. 
3. The screen is nice but it's no iphone or samsung. But, surely better than the products available at this price point. 
4. After separated from android since 3 years, I actually liked the minimalistic android version. No unwanted bloatware. As easy to operate as an ios if not better. The interface is lag free. Although the animations are not as butter smooth as ios. But, it will work fine. 
5. The reception is awesome be it call signal or mobile internet or wi-fi or bluetooth. 
6. The RAM is more than enough. The free memory varies between 1 GB and 1.8 GB. Sufficient room to play some games and watch HD videos. 32 GB ROM is more than enough if you don't store blue ray movies in your smartphone. 
7. The battery deserves a special mention. It's better than iPhone for a 5.5 inch screen. 
8. Camera is good but unlike any high end phones. Front camera scores better than the primary one. 
Rs 10999 with 10% cashback which translates to 
 Camera is One thing only which disappointed me, else this is really a superphone which i have ever used. Well done Letv(Expect the camera part) 
 Are the the phones India are Different Model ?
In YouTube reviews i have seen that the Antutu score is around 56 K but i get only around 52 K .
Phone has heating issues 
3D Gaming Lag 
Quick Drop in Charge  
 Got the phone through flip kart flash sale 
Noticed - 
1. Clock app crashes every time - even after factory reset and restarts
2. Phone gets really hot ~52C even when doing nothing but browsing over WiFi
3. Camera app is substandard
4. Antutu score ~48K (for this model Le X507) which is less than Le 1s (55K)
5. Le X507 ranks below Le 1s on Antutu list.
5. Are there 2 versions ? 
Thing of getting my money back. Others please confirm if you notice any of the above mentioned issues. Most of them can be fixed by a software update. 
 Donot Buy it...They are fraud and they donot have any after sale service,,,for a small call speaker cchange you have to send the phone to headquarter, and no gurantee when it is going to be back,,,as per service centre they say phone from april has not return yet..... 
Please avoid what they are showing...high feature,,,video's,,,,its not gonna work....Phone is gone in 3 months what ur going to do with hardaware   
 Pros:
* Good design
* Finger print sensor is good
* Sound is good 
Cons:
* Flipkart is not providing CASH BACK option
* Battery heating issue
* Display is poor
* Camera is very poor
* OS is not optimized (unnecessary hidden apps)
 * Can't keep in vibrating mode from down vol-key menu
 * Wallpaper
NOT recommending to buy 
 Ignore people who say its heating and all of it. Phone is perfectly fine and worth every penny. 
Fingerprint scanner : Exceptionally good. You have to just place your finger on this and not swipe. All those people crying about this is because they dont know how to use it. 
Camera : Decent enough. 
Audio : Good
Performance : Nice and good. 
Design and build quality : Exceptional
Heating issue : Nothing as such. I have used One Plus one and it gets heated up as well. Any processor if you get it to work more will generate heat. Its not as if you have to be worried or critical point in buying this phone. 
OS : They need to improve on this bcz a device 3GB ram always has atmost 1.1 GB RAM free. Although no perf issues seen. 
Display : This one had the best display that I have seen. And I can say this is better than even One Plue One that I used before. Picture clarity the most impressed thing in this mobile.  
Overall : For 10999 , this is the best phone you have in the market now. Dont hesitate to buy bcz this will easily suit many of your requirements without a pain in the pocket. 
 I bought this phone after i saw all reviews and specification. But its not worth it. 
Battery sucks,discharges very fast,
Poor ram management, only 700 mb available after installing few apps.
The worst part is the OS.Its bullshit. lacks a lot of daily use features. Auto connect wifi for eg.
There is no option to return the handset only replacement. 
Flipkart cheated us this time. 
 A Good looking with fast charging feature is commendable. But A Type C adapter for powerbanks is required
Camera is average and could have been much better.  
 i using this mobile from last one week and i felt that this phone is very good in this price tag. some people have problem mainly with (1)camera.(2)battery and (3)heating. these are excited people who give review without trying to solve problem once. (1)camera is average but not good as compare to build quality but as per price it is good (2)battery problem not there u can use it for whole normal day.not bad but good. (3)because of metal body there is little bit worm but not heating issue. i faced above problem earlier and my problem solved by customer care so my friends i would suggest you to go with this phone. i hope my experience will help you. 
 do i recommend the LeEco Le 1s at Rs 10,999? If you insist on a one word answer, then YES. But allow me to layer my answer. The Le 1s has a lot going for it other than just the price. The phone looks stunning and stands out from the rest for its near bezel-less look when the screen is off. Being made of unibody metal, it has great build quality and feels premium in every possible way. The full HD display is bright and touchscreen sensitivity is amongst the best we have seen. The Helio X10 along with 3GB of RAM make a terrific pair and deliver pretty smooth performance overall. The IR blaster and USB Type-C fast charging can be considered as bonus. But then, its far from perfect. The camera is below average when considered to the competition (Honor 5X and Lenovo K4 Note), there are couple of software issues waiting to be fixed, absence of Gyroscope might annoy and fingerprint scanner could have been more consistent. Battery is just OK. 
 Awesome mobile with this price range.Just to mention , previously heard about call quality like it is poor however it's decent. 
 heats a lot.and metal quality is not as par standard.better to go for xiomi or coopad. i wont get that feeling when you hold it. 
 5 stars for flipkart service
4 stars for product
phone is lacking in the software department. Apps are crashing, games are hanging. I hope 28 feb update will resolve all these problems, Otherwise i will return this product 
One more thing - finishing on back panel is not upto the mark 
Back panel is divided into 3 parts - horizontal strip, vertical, horizontal strip
So horizontal strip on which camera is placed is not properly aligned with the vertical part. Though, you will only notice it when you will look very closely  
 why to buy Let Le 1s, better buy Iron Box which is only 500 rupees. don't buy this mobile, camera is like 5 MP rear, and front 0.3 MP. no HD screen. RAM is showing 1 GB even when no no apps installled. 
 Cons: True Heating Machine.. Some times even you can not hold the phone. Planning to approach customer care. 
Additional features. If you don't have iron box then phone can be used as quick iron box. 
Pro: Good configuration at low price. 
Beware: To use this phone you have to wear heat protection gloves. 
 If any one use miui7 he will be unhappy with eui. i exprienced this....
No diplicate phone book entry merg... No child lock... No virus cleaner... Not an user friendly ui.... Need some upgrade 
 I bought the phone during the 2nd flash sale. Initially the phone looked very promising with brilliant build quality and good specs. The user interface seemed bit cluttered. The camera was not performing that good and the phone used to warm up slightly during intensive tasks. But LeTv was quick to give software updates which eventually fixed these issues. Now I can bet if one says that this phone heats up like a crazy. Guys, in hot Indian conditions one metal body phone with 5.5 inch display is bound to exhibit slight warming during heavy tasks./ The camera also performs above average now after the software updates. The detailing is exceptional, white balance is pretty good and colour reproduction is nice to behold. The battery life seems to be decent too, giving me 4 to 4.5 hrs of screen on time which is enough for a day and half. Charge draining over night is not more than 4 to 8 percent. The supplied charger is one of the best so far and even charges the Le 1S faster than my Galaxy S&. Incorporation of USB C type ports may prove to be helpful in near future.
I can say this phone is far better than K4 Note in terms of built quality, screen quality and processor performance. Only phone that triumph it is Xiaomi Red Mi note 3 with snapdragon 650 processor which is a beast for a mid range phone.. But it is difficult to get in hand and also 32 GB-3 GB model is not available till now.
So, whoever is complaining should try to update its phone software and let the battery to undergo few charging discharging cycles. 
 Guys, after reading all the reviews, i was confused that whether to buy Letv or not, but i took the risk of buying it,
now, #flipkart service is the best, no comments on that,
going to the phone,
its a beast, wont say any pros and cons,
i am a heavy user of smartphone, 
i play lots of games, facebook, messenger, imo video call, whatsapp...
now my point is that, the phone just handle everything superbly, played high graphics games like NOVA 3, Asphal 8 etc, all were handled well.
the phone do heats up, but not so high as said by many users, while charging i didn't see a huge difference between the phones temperature,yes if you use your phone while charging, it will obviously heat up, any phone will heat up if you do that, buts its okay, its not a big issue in this full metal unibody phone, camera was average when i brought it, but after the update, i got a very good camera, its not so bad, its pretty good for selfies and outdoor shooting, also lowlight is average,
and coming to the battery, battery life is not enough for me, as i am a heavy user, but fast charging makes it enough, its charging speed is superb, within 1 hour i get full battery i.e. 99% 
my sister have redmi note 3 and brother have k4 note, which are the true competitors of this phone, but letv is much better than their ones. camera when compared is also same, not that very good, just a 2% difference i would say, 
i think letv will improve that also in their next update, as they have released the developer version of Marshmallow, we will get it very soon. 
Conclusion is, without wasting your time, just grab LeTv Le1s right now. its a beast, 
i dont know about ther users because i think they just thought that by paying 11000 they will get iphone 6splus.lol. sorry guys, No Comments. 
Hope you find my review useful. 
 Phone is not great. Dont rush for flash sale, I did mistake in buying this phone in first flash sale :(. I would recommend everyone to wait until Letv fix issues.  
Phone will be warm always during standby but during calls/camera usage, it will become extremely hot 
heating very big problem... after using 15-20 minute it start heating a lot 
 I have purchased this phone with excitement in second flash sale. First of all my thanks to flipkart for its product delivery before than committed date to a rural area.
My experience with this phone is a mixed bag. Let me share in points.
First, design and feel in hand is excellent. It feels premium in design and to hold in hand. Even though it has some flaws in making. About my phone, It has slight outward bend on down frame just above to the charging point may be few mm but gap is visible clearly. And it has a small rough area on side frame where remaining part is smooth. But overall nice. 4.7/5
Second, screen is just good but it is dim compared to some known phones in the same segment. Viewing angles are nice. Sun legibility is okay but not in all angles. You have to struggle or practice. 4.6/5.
Third, battery, is satisfactory. It can survive a day very easily for moderate users. I believe it can give 8 to 9 hours even for heavy users on one full charge. Fast charging is not consistent. Sometimes it is happening, sometimes not (may be of background battery consumption). Screen is drinking more juice. Charger is really big which reminds my old days. 4.4/5.
Fourth, Finger print sensor, practically is working well as I don't believe in milliseconds.
It can be used to unlock phone or click photos. That's it for now. I really disappointed here because non availability of locking individual apps. 4.6/5
Fifth, camera, where it fails. Interface is good and simple. Auto focus is not quick as you imagine. It struggles to focus. Better to touch to focus to save time and for good pics. After clicking you feel photo is good( if you don't have green color in scene which looks dim or grayish), even it is good after first zoom or pinch zoom of pic. Second zoom, there starts the problem, pic becomes full grainy like blur effect. Colors are over saturated means red appears more reddish etc. These all things are in case of bright light. Better not to discuss about low light photo which is horrible, but, flash light, even though it is single, manged to get a better photo. Video department is a bit good compared to still photography. Overall, very sad. 3.2/5
Sixth, the software, original culprit. Whatever provided is working well. notification center and toggle center is nice. No bloatware. But very very few customization and no features are present. No gesture, no double tap etc. I am feeling like I am using a phone with Ice cream sandwich (Ver 4.0). 3.5/5
Seventh, heating, is not a problem. I never face any such over heating issue except charging time. Of course, we don't use phone while charging. One thing say in specific here is, I am getting like a vibrating sensation if I hold it in hand while it is charging. I don't have any previous experience with such issue. Even I don't know whether it is common or not. 4.8/5
Eighth, Screen is getting scratched. So, I believe no protection, no gorilla, no dragontail. Better to buy a good tempered glass along with it.
Ninth, gaming experience is also nice. No such a lag which irritates you, but it has. Even heating is also not an issue here. 4.6/5.
Tenth, I like most, sound quality is excellent. Loud, clear and deep. 5/5
Storage - around 22gb, ram -1.5 at first boot.
Overall 3.8/5.
I came to know there will be an update on 21st this month. I am eagerly waiting for that update. I will update my experiences further again.
Thanks to all.  
 Upgrading the rating to 5 star 
I recently did a factory reset and found that battery life have increased a bit. Also, the phone is emitting somewhat less heat than before. 
Also heard that the company would be rolling OTA update in February end or March beginning. 
Suggestions to new users - Do a Factory Reset of the phone before using it for the first time. You might get more battery life and less heating issues post doing it. 
Cheers! 
 Hello folks..!
Here's my exhausting review on Le 1s, 
1. Build quality - quite remarkable.
2. Performance 
 - Best in class, AnTuTu benchmark results - 53173
 - 3D - 11340 | UX - 17068 | CPU - 18656 | RAM - 6109
3. Front shooter - captures good selfies.
4. Rear shooter
 - captures excellent photos on daylight, but has jitter in low light conditions
 - Performs focusing very fast and records 4K and slow-mo videos decently.
5. Display
 - emits good amount of lumens which is enough for eye.
 - has good pixel density as well and various color profiles gives a rich viewing experience
6. Memory 
 - Has 3 GB of ram and usually 1.2 GB is available(free) 
 - clearing memory while playing music or downloading files cause music playback and downloads to stop, that bugs should be fixed in upcoming OTA updates.
7. GPU 
 - GPU also performs well on high graphics games, renders decent graphics with no lags
8. Fingerprint sensor
 - works very fast and accurately
9. IR sensor, bluetooth and wireless antenna are best in segment
10. Battery
 - Battery drainage is quite high as expected, but fast charging is an advantage.
11. Heating
 - Noticed heating in hardcore gaming but it never heats to unbearable level
 - Metal body has an advantage in this case, phone will heat and cool down faster than non-metal body phones which is good for inside electronics.
12. UX(EUI 5.5)
 - user experience in EUI is nice but it could be better, it has many bugs and needs many features.
13. USB-C
 - USB-C is best feature in this device, you can easily cast your device screen to any HDMI enabled television directly through an accessory which costs around 500-800 Rs.
14. FOR DEVELOPERS
 - It has Mediatek processor, so ROM porting is very easy in this device 
Conclusion:-
- Considering all the factors above, My score for this product is 9/10.
- It's a blind eye buy if one is not interested shooting in low light and don't care about battery backup.
- If you want a phone with decent battery backup buy a Windows Phone  
 1)Build quality and design is mind blowing in every aspect specially the material used is just fab,10/10 for this price range
2)Processor-This thing is mind blowing here according to me,one thing that impressed me so much is the video quality(it feels like we are watching 30fps videos at 60fps kinda),multitasking is great,gaming performance is amazing as i played Asphalt 8 and Mortal Combat at high visuals
3)GPU- Dashing in one word,graphic quality at this price range amazed everyone
4)Battery Backup- it is average not as bad as some people reviewing here,it would be improved through next OTA update
5)Fast Charging- did a great job really,it takes only 70 mins from 10 to 100 as the charger is of 12 volt alongwith C-type connector.
6)Camera-Front camera is below average in low light but pretty average in light conditions and rear one is above average and keep in mind that it can improve via OTA, so dont be too anxious about it as its the first time for company and still camera is good.
7)fingerprint sensor-This one did a superb job, no words 
8)infrared-According to me infrared is much better than Xiaomi Mi4,supereffective and keep in mind this one is only a 11k device
9)Sound output- open sound is crystal clear and superloud but in earphones it is Average and there is no equalizer for music player,hope OTA would cover this.
10)Display-Damn classy,totally visible under Sunlight,colors seems vivid and color reproduction is just Dope.
So, overall this gadget is Super one for this price range,totally worth every penny 
 I like everything about this phone from looks to build quality, touch, fast charging etc. but heating seems to be a big problem. I have noticed that it becomes really hot in the morning hours. I had to shut it down for few minutes to bring it to normal temperature. 
I expect them to provide a quick solution for heating issue otherwise it will be difficult to carry this phone for long. 
 phone is very slim very fast 4k playing smoth no hang still camera is narmal but 4k video recording is very sharp and outstading qwality all app intalll my phone ram 1.5 gb avalable finger senser very good warking screen qwality just lije i phone 2.2ghz octacore is very fast no other issues this is the rearlly super phone 
 First of all... The mobile won't get heated . With that killer processor i expected it to heat. But its not at all an issue.  
Battery :- good , easily lasts a day on moderate usage . Fast charging works really well
Camera :- Decent 13 Mp and a pathetic 5 mp selfie cam. Front cam is too bad to use.Back camera is decent i day light. 
Looks :- Stunning , super cool premium looks for which i fell for this mobile 
Fingerprint :- Does its job but a little slow than Oneplus 2 and I phones 
Speakers:- Decent , loud enough but its way below the speakers of Lenovo K4 note 
Screen :- Good but sometime you feel that its not bright enough 
Scores a whopping 65000 in Antutu . Well over the lenovo k4 note which is a paltry 35000 
There are some defects in OS which is we are unable to set separate ring tones for different sims or can't even set a custom message tone 
apart from this the OS is good with no lags or stutters or app crashes. 
Charger is too bulky and heavy but it does its job well 
Finally , if you want a Decent selfie camera and Great media sound, go for K4 note 
But if you want a Performance beast with Stunning looks and a gaming freak then this is the one for you   
 1. Heating Issues.
2. Battery runs out quickly. Barely made it half a day on full charge.  
Not impressed. 
 1) Camera clearity is very chep
2) 3gb ram is here but 1.3gb allready used by systeam r memory
3) and much more things 
As Compare to XIAOMI MI phone this is very wrost phone in all things and fetures......... 
 Received item on 03.02.16 at 7:35 pm in Delhi. Phone is excellent buy and value for Money. My review is as under based on 3 days usage. 
PROS: 
1. Brilliant FHD (1080p) display with very good viewing angles
2. 4g on both SIMs simultaneously
3. Attractive looks with unibody premium metal design
4. Excellent signal reception and call quality
5. Loud and clear speaker with Dolby DTS sound
6. Software is simple and user friendly (inspired by ios)
7. Heavy duty fast charger which fully meets Qualcomm Quick Charge 2.0 specs/norms. Fully charges in 90 minutes. Any QC 2.0 compatible device will become slightly warm during charging from 0 to 70% (perfectly normal)
8. Snappy thanks to MKT 6795T 64bit chipset (Mediatek's X10 SOC is its premium chipset which can be compared with Qualcomm's 808 and NOT 810 or Exynos 7426) 
Cons: 
1. Home launcher should be allowed to be installed and used other than Google laucher only
2. OS 5.0.2 looks a little dated today. LeTV must update it to Marshmallow 6.0 ASAP if it wants to sustain the hype and standards it has created with this phone.
3. Off screen Gesture control should be provided. 
Overall, recommended buy. 
 This phone is simply awesome. 
UPDATE ON 16-02-2016 
1) Built quality is really great and it has premium look, finishing of body is simply superb. 
2) Display quality is very crispy and clear. Very vivid and brilliant look and have four options to select display colour mode. 
3) Interface is more and less similar to Mi. It has one additional advantage that it supports Google now. 
4) Phone is very slim and light weight. It has very attractive look. 
5) Quick charging facility is simply great. You will fill Amazed by its charging speed. It takes around 1 hours and 30 to 40 minutes for full charge. 
6) Voice quality is clear. Ringer volume is louder so you will rarely miss your incoming calls. Speaker quality is good and really loud, you will found few smart phone with such loud volume. 
7) Finger print sensor is awesome. I have no doubt with its accuracy. It is very quick and accurate. It's position on phone is very good. 
8) Phone performance is really good. More than 1 GB RAM is generally free while 4-5 apps were running in background.  
9) Touch response of phone is unmatchable. It is very sensitive even sometimes you will not even notice the your finger has touched to screen. 
10) Its IR blaster feature is working flawlessly. I tested it on my Sony LED TV. 
11) Internal memory of cell is really good. You will not face problem with its ample space. 
12) Battery life is same like other Android devices. But you have one advantage over others is its quick charging speed. 
13) I have not found any heating issue, don't know why some users are blaming about heating issue. If anybody is facing little bit heat then guys its normal. Simply check the Ram space consumed. Avoid unnecessary apps running in the background. Apps arrangement in phone is good and no unnecessary Apps are available.  
Only One thing which I noticed is that its camera is good but as Letv makers have set very high bench mark, we have definitely expected high in this area also but here is only area were I was little bit get disappointed with both cameras specially front one. Although panoroma mode is good. Even though you will be able to capture good qulity pics in day light. Indoor is OK but outdoor quality is good. 
Final Verdict: 
I will say only one thing don't be get confused buy it confidently. It is totally worthy deal. You will definitely feel that you are using high end premium phone. 
 What will you do of features when the build in quality is cheaper than the pure chinese phone. Your charging adaptar stops working itself and then they tell you to pay for charger, what will you do of such 3.0a type-c fast charger? Your phone falls from approx 15 cm distance viz from your lap to a concrete bench your display shatters like you have thrown your phone from 3rd or 4th floor, what will you do of such corning gorilla glass 3? Replacement charges 5,000 + charging adaptar 300 + usb cable 300 . 11000 + 5600 sums upto 16600 + on top of it wasting your #SuperTime for this piece of shit so called #SuperPhone. Please buy a better trust worthy phone. #honestReview #le1sUser. 
 I have to use this phone and we facing a problem continue during battery charging and talking to some one or playing game after 15 min use phone are very hot and picture quality not good bcaz 13 MP camera 
 Le Eco 1s
I dont use to play too much games. But I downloaded temple run 2 on this phone just for timepass. And even this game the phone is not able to play well. At the start it is well but after 2-3 mins. when the phone becomes little warm its starts giving problem. I would not suggest any one to buy this phone. Camera quality is also not good(both front and back). Its written 13 MP but it not looks like. 
 Im using this phone from past a month ... Phone is good but if u use continuously for 20_25 mins it get heated battery back up is good .. 
 This smart phone is very amazing . I purchase it from flipkart . amazing memory and speed. As it look , it is as is and the camera is clear than clear. I recommended you to purchase this smartphone from flipkart. But it becomes hot during charging due to metal body. But this problem , I have faced in starting , Now it is Amazing  
 Got this from flipkart ..reached quick..defective product... 
 As all of us know that this phone is the new budget king. It ticks all the right boxes. Since people complained about a mic issue but I haven't noticed any. It does heat up quiet a bit but that's OK since it's a metal body. 
 Bad fone.
Heating issue is very annoying.
Dont buy it please.
Waste of money.
Not good.
Save your money by avoiding it. 
 REVIEW VIEWERS!!!
Don't buy this phone.
in this phone run a game in few seconds u will see heating and battery low
howmany special features support in this phone, but battery loose then ALL LOOSE
go for some good gadgets.don't attract the look for this price.try to get best battery capacity handset. 
I prefer Xiaomi Redmi Note 3(great look & best battery life), and latest Asus smartphones. 
 I purchased this phone a week back under exchange scheme. I observed couple of deficiencies with this product: 
1. No headphones supplied with this phone
2. The phone hangs while playing music and watching videos
3. The music volume is really low and of poor quality 
I would want to return this product 
 There I said it! This is my review of phone after 35 days of its purchase, so whatever I write is out of its usage experience. This unit looks really cool and anyone sees this phone certainly wants to have one more look. Feels premium in your hands. Personally the only thing which I don't like is the name Letv (Leco could have been decent).  
The phone does heat up and trust me I thought I could neglect it but you would not be able to use it right after charging. If a call comes while it is charging, remain assured that you would prefer to put it on speaker mode. Our body feels a temperature change of even 1-2 degrees and this is what it does, heats up just so much to get out of your hands. 
Charging is quick but I realized that it drains also super fast. Well honestly I didn't use my net or wifi for 1 week and this phone will run 2-3 days easily without the need of charging, impressive. But turn you wifi / 3G / 4G on and the battery drains in close to 12-15 hours. Also, once at the time of real need this phone got turned off direct from 15% battery which had its repercussions but that there sort of lost my trust. 
Speaker volume is not good enough. I am 32 year old who listen to music most of the time and with age your ear also wear. This volume is low for sure for a guy like me. (Just saying). If you think you are in this same age group and you also listen to videos at a little high volume then plan to buy a set of headsets, the inbuilt speakers are going to do no justice. 
Finger Print Scanner - I am using a device with finger print scanner for the first time and I am in love with it. The success rate is 100%. If you have come after a long shower and your fingers are wrinkly, it doesn't work.  
Camera - I am not an avid user of camera, I just want to click decent pictures sometimes. This is not really good but works just Ok if you don't mind the lighting a lot. The pictures will be a little on the darker side. 
Dual Sim - Works Just fine. 
Contacts - For some reason I have saved some numbers on this device more than twice, because I noticed the contact just disappears after some time or may be not get registered . I have not tried to find out hwy it happens but ask other friends who own this first if they have faced similar issues. 
No app launcher - This was one big thing. All your apps worthy or not of being on your home screen have to be there because there is no app launcher. So either download a 3rd party app launcher or keep everything on your home screen like I do. For the first time when I installed apps, it didn't even show up on home screen. If you face a similar issue, restart the device. 
RAM - Around 900MB -1 GB ram remains free most of the times when you don't have too many apps running. No issues so far. 
After all this, I am still carrying this phone because it does the job. Apart from one particular battery drain incident, there is nothing which really will stop me from using this device but if that happens again, I will have to switch to a different phone.  
Giving it a 4* rating so that this gets read more.  
 I have been using this phone for over a month and these are the issues I faced, 
Overheating: This phone gets overheated by a 10 minute call or gameplay for a while. The worst part is it gets overheated while it is charging also. What good is a smartphone if I cannot speak for more than 10-15 mins or play a game or watch a video? 
Battery drain: Though the battery is of 3000 mAh, it is no good than a 1000 mAh one. Once i fully charge the phone before sleeping, the battery charge comes down to 20% when I wake up. The phone gets rapidly discharged even when I use it for basic activities like calls or sending an sms. I have to carry a charger around all the time. 
Random shut off: This device also shuts off randomly even when the battery is charged more than 40-50%. You have to keep a tab on it all the time so that you do not miss any imp. calls/messages. 
Apart from the OEM, Flipkart also should bear the responsibility for dumping such mediocre products in Indian markets. Flipkart is loosing credibility by marketing such products. 
 After use of 75 days..........
1)Battery backup is slightly decreasing. (May be I am using to much apps nowadays) But still battery is lasting at least 22-24 hours with continuous wifi on.
2)Camera quality not great but not too bad. Works well in natural light. Slow-mo is amazing with 11k price.
3)Good gaming experience. Does not heat up while gaming.( problem solved in latest OTA update)
4)Fingerprint sensor is amazing. Never got an error in unlocking phone.
5)UI is also amazing.
6)Remote control works good with every device. It gives freedom to install any remote in universal remote control.
7)Good responce from company.
8)Stylish design. Metal body design is stunning.
9)Need of improvement in brightness sensor.  
Thats it! This was my experience with LeEco Le1s.
Overall a great smartphone in 11k. 
#Superphone 
 Not good as it was advertising... better go for moto g3...which is far more better than it. 
 Very very good look and better than all phones I never see like this phone in my life everyone should buy this mobile 
 Such a wonderful phone with 2.2 Ghz processer at just 11k.
No lags at all.. truly top class.
However camera sucks, you cant even see the basic 5k phones clarity in this camera.
If you are looking for a phone with good Camera, I would strictly advise not to take this phone.. go for one + x but if you are looking for a phone with super fast processer, then go with this.
Fast charger is an added advantage, it gets 0 to 100 in 82 mins.
Screen clarity is average when compared to other phones in this segment.  
 Look and feel is awesome...but has high heat issue..if heat is not an issue for you...then buy it...I returned this product due to heat issue. 
 good device to use.. processing speed is too good very much satisfied with the fing scanner. this fone fails with the camera..not even near to 8MP 
 ram automatically get full, i get installed only few aaps not well, internal memory and ram problem only other features are good and productive. 
battery problem it is discharging in few hras 
 Thanks for giving us an iron box for 11000 rupees only. When we use it outdoors a message appears stating instrument is hot and cannot be used till it cools down. So efficient it is. 
Not user friendly. DONT EVER consider to buy this phone 
 It heats too much.
Battery drains very quickly , i need it to charge 3 times in a day.
Fast charging has stopped working after 12 days.
Network problem , cant get calls , worst phone & worst customer service by flipkart :( 
 it is a good phone in this price range and id does deliver the performance that it promises. 
one issue, it is Heating it you run the Graphics intensive games and it becomes difficult to handle in that case. 
 No Radio, SD slot,other valuable features, only runs on 1.5GB Ram, The remaining dont know what happened. More than half of the memory is occupied by the system and its inbuilt app, 1 Star is just for look and its compact design otherwise just a toy heating machine, LE 1s customer support is a heck, They came with a bang and gone ash like a proverb the very soon love goes very soon. 
 1. The Touchscreen Glass is extremely susceptible to breaking even if the mobile falls very lightly. The replacement cost exceeds 5000/-. I have seen 3 customers literally cursing the company, all with similar broken glass during my visit to service center. I decided to return back with this e-waste without getting a replacement for 5000/-.
2. Extreme heating problem.
3. The voice levels are very low, even on Speakers.
4. Camera is very very ordinary.  
Better to avoid buying this product. My one star is for its beautiful external design, Functionally, this is a piece of garbage.   
 I received this phone on second flash sale. Flipkart packaging was awesome. now come to phone, it has very bad camera looks like cheap 5 mp camera of any ordinary phone, touch was very good and performance was also quite good. feels like you have a iPhone in your hand. if you are camera lover then don't go for it. 
 Please friends dont buy it because gorilla glass not working its broke my phone broke. Dill tut ta hai jab mami papa bohot mahanat kar ke payasa de kar mobile kharid kar deta hai please dont buy it 
I use it 21 days waste of money plz go buy vivo,gionee,samsung,xiomi,redmi etc but dont buy 
 very good phone in this price segment and finish is awesome .camera is decent. speed and performance is also good.but heating is a really big issue in the phone.battery is good but not for all day gaming and usage.finger sensor is also very good 
 A nice phone at an affordable price you can own.Fast charging; looks like a phone of 15-20k 
Nice performance.Camera performance is not at par with some other phones (even at lower price ones). Overall worth of its price. 
 I am fully satisfied with the size, color, display , sound, operating system everything is good but the phone gets heated very soon and I plan to return the product and go in for all time trusted Samsung...  
 More heating generating from mobile.
Call drop and less clarity in voice
Loud speakers are not upto mark
Charging is faster but it will support only usb-c type 
 Nice Phone faster & Cheap and best high quality.. Good sound with perfect clarity 
 awesome phone!!! it got more awesome with the recent updates!! but till yesterday i was verryyyy happy. it fell from a height of 20 inches and got a big crack and it is not working properlyy!! only cons are :delicate ... thats it
saw compliants about heating. u should get doubt on the phone if it didn't get heated.
it is a octacore processor and has metal body. it must get heated!!
but once it falls u will face many troubles. 
 In one word its awesome. Don't think twice. Just go for it. It is a flagship killer device. Recent update fixed all its bugs. Now it has a super smooth UI. Camera is really good compared to other flagship devices in this range. Speakers are just fantastic. Display quality is very vivid. gaming is also very good. A little bit heat is common in all devices of this type because of the metal body. 
 Hello Everyone, 
I liked almost everything about the mobile especially the style and the looks.
Camera quality is not that great compared with Lenovo Note 3 (currently using).
Since, it has a metal body, it tends to get heated up quite too much than one can anticipate but this was only when I first charged the mobile on receiving it. However, the heating problem was not much of a concern once I started charging regularly.  
The screen is smooth but you wont get a good grip while holding the mobile, as it is too smooth.  
My biggest mistake...I should have bought a silicon back cover as I accidentally dropped the mobile (distance hardly 1 feet) and the screen shattered into pieces. I went to the service which is in Marathalli and was told that screen cannot be replaced but the entire handset can be. I had to pay INR 4750/- in excess.  
So, I am truly disappointed by the build quality as it costed my more money which makes me think, I could have gone for samsung, lenovo or other known good brands. 
However, No point in regretting, as I have ordered for a temperred glass and a back cover for LE 1S. 
Would request the new and the existing buyers to take cautions. 
Cheers 
 Camera too bad..did nt expect this at all..with 13mp and 5 mp..camera should be good..video quality is also below average..is there any way to make video quality better..videos are extremely blurred..does anyone know why video quality is blurred..otherwise excellent phone..waiting for camera performance to increase. 
 I am writing this review after using Letv Le 1S for about 2 months. I can describe about this mobile in single sentence that "this mobile is a IRON BOX". The mobile gets heated even if the mobile was not in use, while charging, while talking & what not. Please don't even think of to purchase this mobile. Hope this helps. 
 a very relaxed way of buying thro' flipkart - thank youProduct arrived in great shape, delivery on time, old mobile was picked up .. sum up - good stuff 
 After using 2 weeks Battery drain 99% to 5% within 3 hours, (without using internet or wifi), just used for listening music.
Quality of camera is very worst (MOST FALTU). 
 this is really awesome phone, good screen resolution and viewing experience.good finish metal work. firstly i was hesitating to buy this phone after saw so many negative reviews about heating. believe me when i firstly start this handset,after 1 min use i felt like 'yes it heats' nd after 5 min. this device starts emitting heat abnormaly. nd my hearbeat increased too. but i know that there was an UPDATE !!!. so i stop using phone nd updated it first.after update heating issue decreased significantly nd now phone is working well. now it heats but not like before, nd this much heat is obvious cz metal work and quick charging. nd next update will also be given by company,which may helps. IR blaster not recognised by third party apps,so if u want to use that feature even if your appliances company not listed in its default remote,make universal remote in its app.finger print scanner is good. gorrilla glass makes it stunning nd scrach free. backup is normal but fast charging makes it worthy. camera quality is normal (not too good). RAM is good but if u run out of it,disable non usable apps manually. overall..... i found this set worthy with 3gb ram, 2.2GHz processor,finger print scanner nd ir blaster in this price range.  
 Whenevr I slip my phone out of my pocket nd hold it in my palm the first reaction ppl hav is Dude is tht an i phone...nd I m lyk no no its jst letv....so when we tlk looks dis is the greatest phone in dis price segment. Also the 2.2ghz processor ensures tht you dont need to suffer from any kind of trouble while browsing through a large number of tabs at once.The experiance is even alleivated with its amazing display and the fingerprint scanner which I remind you no other phone givs u at this range....Looking on the flip side their is a heating problem once you browse the internet or simply charge it...The battery holds good for one day but I wud largely recommend you to carry a power bank if you consume large amount of data...Howevr the quick charging facility makes up for its average battery life...Coming to the camera...great when you are outside....not so great when inside....Nothless The camera is overall great though.Unless you are expecting it to be as great as samsung you will be fyn by wid it. 
Overall awesome phone in this price point but do check out xiomi redmi note 3 before you buy it....jst to keep your options open. 
 The phone got no. Of great features but somewhere lacks to its processor and the build quality. Major problem with the phone are the heating issues which might be due to mediatech processor.
But overall it's good. 
 If you don't have any iron box and hot massager in your home ...go for it vthout any hassitation,really its a gud hot massager at 44 degree for your body ache 
 1.Overheating when charging, internet, talking over the phone for more than 5 mins. At idle also, the phone will be warm (you can warness always when you are keepig in your pocket). In normal usage, you can sense increased level of heat. At the optimum usage & charging the phone, you can use it as heater to make hot water.
2.Battery drains very fast, with in 4 - 5 hours after full charge and I am just a regular use... which is only phone and internet.
3.Speaker volume is not audible when talking.
4.Phone stops responding after heating and have to restart to make it work.
5.While playing songs after some time, applciation crashes need to restart the app again.
6.Does not auto swtich from WiFi to mobile data when Wifi is not in range. need to restart the phone to make use of mobile data. 
 Never take this phone. This phone has got too many demerits like
Over heating, Vibration, poor camera quality, uncommon charging point.
Infact I requested for returning the product several times but flipkart is not accepting my request. Be sure if you once buy this phone then it is not going to exchange, though it is written 30 day money back guarantee. I am going to file a petition in consumer forum against flipkart. 
 This mobile is going hiting can you plz sagesh me to how can swallow this problem   
 The worst phone... Don't purchase... It will become very hot with in 5 mins.. It's a show price only and spares are expensive. Ex. Display cost for replacement Charing 8000rs. I recommend don't buy 
 Phone looks, build quality and GUI is awesome -no complaints. Where the problem lies are : 
1. Heats up while Charging 
2. Had a call and felt the heat while holding the phone
3. Camera and picture quality is not upto the mark  
Battery is decent and browsing speed is awesome. If at all the heating issue goes with some upgrades or patches, then this is a sure buy ....for now, you can give it a miss. 
I bought it thru exchange offer where I got a good value for my old phone, if that is the case, surely go for it, else better options are available !! 
 I bought this phone and installed the OTA update which removed any heating issues with normal usage. However, It does heat while charging because it is fast charging and even Nexus 6P heats up while charging. 
Aside from the heating issues, the phone is Awesome. The multitasking is great.
Obviously, it has to be after the specs you just saw!! :D 
So why did I choose this phone? I went through LE Forums and saw the quick updates they were offering to resolve updates. Also they take feedback and implement it. So, basically it listens to the customer and then tries to solve whatever it can.
Also, Marshmallow will be coming to this phone and they are asking for our requests for the new features we need.  
I'd say, head to the forums, all this for yourself and then decide to buy :) 
 I found it the next alternative best to redmi note 3 and lenovo k4 note, in terms of design and all departments but lacks that importance for camera where it needs a drastic improvement almost in every aspect of camera details, heating was nominal but worse while charging 
 As on price....till it's best phone I ever use..... got from 21 days back and delivering experience from flipkart is really outstanding.... but a final feedback I should give after 6th month.... 
 Great product for this price range. Using this almost 4 month. Good to use, only issue is battery drains within 4 hours of full usage. Also some software bugs are there 
 hey guys, i m reviewing this device after almost 1 month of usages. in this span i got 2 major updates so here is my review about this product.
Leeco is big tech company in china.
Pros-
1.They are selling what they are saying.
2.No major heating issue after the latest update.Phone gets warm only while charging but after 90% of charging phone starts to get cooldown(well thats how fast charging works!!) while doing day to day task phone never gets hot only slightly while gaming.
3.U can charge ur phone 0-100% in 1hour30min....Amazing
4.U will never fell any lag while doing any day to day task 
5.The phone really feels premium in hand .I bet u will not feel ur using 11000/- device 
6.The fingerprint scanner is blazingly fast.
7.the customer support is too good.
8.The soundoutput of phone is loud and clear.
9.U can get 3.5 hours to 4.2hours screen on time on very high usages(well who bothers when u have really fast fast charging)
10. gorilla glass 3 protection. 
Cons:-
1. Phone lags when playing games like asphalt 8 at very high setting but not that much u can still paly it.
2.Camera in low light is not great.(better than redmi note 3). 
If u have buddget of 11000/- go for this device they have made a great device in this price range. At least they are not facking people with their sales.(Like xiaomi with flash sales and their hadrware problem with devices) 
T  
 I have been using this phone since last one month .so let's look at its good and very few bad points :
Pros:
Build quality :10/10..feels premium in hand .
Screen quality : 10/10..again excellent .
General performance :10/10...never lags in multitasking n while playing heavy graphical games like nova 3,asphalt 8.
Finger print scanner :10/10...blazingly fast.
Audio quality :10/10..crystal clear.
Network reception :9.5/10. 
Browsing speed on WiFi ,3g,2g :20/10..ultimate .
Fast charging : 10/10
Speaker output :8.5/10
Con's : 
Battery backup : 7/10
Camera :7/10
Audio output through headphones :7/10..Lil low
Heats up a bit while playing heavy games n inernet browsing .. 
Conclusion :
This phone in 10k price range is an excellent choice ..its buttery smooth in daily performance with its killer looks ,yes the only con is bit low battery backup but thankfulky it comes with fast charging .its indeed worth every penny ...
Overall rating :9/10.. 
 It's OK. ..but poor Ram management. ...3 stars for amazing body and display. 
Pros:
Display
Metallic body - best in its class.
5.5 inch screen. 
Cons:
Camera
RAM management
Heating issue
Not so fast processor 
People who believe in performance...it may not be for them  
 waste mobile, heating, low camera qualty, flipkar t money is not refunding. 
Heating heavily and drastic charging
if we use phone 30 mins .heating the phone heavily.
look is good.
charging is not up-to the mark.
only 1 gb ram is available 
 #nice phone..!!#superb performance#best in quality.. Good CPU speed 
 Using this beast for one month. Best phone for your money. Great display, super speed processor, premium feel, camera also good after two software updates. Batterly life is not bad but not good. It is kind of average. But quick charging is awesome. If you are a moderate user of mobile phones, you will defenitely love it!! No regrets. 
 Giving genuine after using more than 1 month. 
Pros
1. Beautiful look
2. No hang, no lags even playing Asphalt 8 games and all heavy games.
3. Fast charging. Charges more than 70% in 30 mins
4. Auto selfie clicked after face detection.
5. Decent sound. 
Cons
1. Frequent signal drop on 2nd Sim
2. Poor camera specially in low lighting
3. Due to metal body the edges of phone is very sharp that may hurt you while playing games
4. Battery drain faster on using internet
5. Nevet forget to keep charger with otherwire chances are rare to get c type charger 
 I don't know why people are complaining so much about heating? Even i have a galaxy note 4 and it gets as heated as the le 1s which is perfectly normal. So i think complaining about heating means either people have never used a smartphone and is using for the first time or they've no knowledge about processors and all. Le 1s does a fantastic job on keeping it's temperature under usable circumstances considering the fact that it's only and only made up of metal on the outside. LE 1S DOES NOT GET HEATED EXTREMELY IT JUST GETS A LITTLE WARM WHICH IS PERFECTLY NORMAL. 
Pros-
Looks
Build quality
Smooth UI
Price
Fingerprint sensor
IR blaster 
Cons-
Gaming (lags a bit while gaming)
Camera (it could be better after a few software upgrades) 
Value to price rating- 10/10   
 Have been using this phone for over a month,overall phone is good, good battery backup, display is good, finger scanner works well, minus is phone gets heated while using maps, network connectivity is bad some time phone needs to be restarted. Overall phone is good value for money 
 Hi....  
This is a superb phone... Cant get anything better at this rate...
3GB RAM, 2.2 Octacore processor is a beast... Also the display is full HD and it displays contents excellently.... 
MUST BUY PHONE. 
 Its a good product for regular use.
Pros-
Fast charging
Metallic look
Good working fingerprint scanner
Very fast processor with octa core handling
Cons-
Not for those who wants to play game regularly 3-4 hours that ll beat it up just because of its aluminum body... 
But the product is worth buying people should use it once 
 great mobile day by day use performance going to peak level display,sound,battery back up, everything great and i cant get any heating issue still now some time it will show because its full metal body buy it 
 This phone is very nice and fast. I am providing my full review after using it for about one month now. 
Speed: This phones speed is the main USP. Its blazing fast. I have played very heavy games on this phone like Injustice, Asphalt8 and NOVA but didnt faced any lag what so ever. 
Looks: Looks very premium. The build quality is solid and sturdy. I have added "white panther tempered glass" for extra protection which again is a very nice tempered glass. 
Display: Display is crisp and sharp. Watching videos on youtube is a treat. 
Camera: The camera on this phone is very nice in daylight but suffers little bit in low light shootings. With flash on the Images came sharp. Overall a nice camera. 
Storage: You get 32 GB storage which again is more then i needed. 32GB is enough these days as google backups most of our pictures. 
RAM: 3GB / nothing to complain 
Call Quality and Speaker: Didnt faced any problem with call quality. Reception was nice most of the time. Spekaer volume is just O.K. 
Overall it is a excellent device in this price bracket. You get more then you desire in this price with this phone. Go FOR IT!! 
Also try White Panther tempered glass which are again very nice protection for this device.  
 Build quality of this phone is simply the best and silver looks amazing
Hardware of this phone are exceptional in this price range
Finger Print Scanner is very quick 
Charges very fast Type-c works beautifully
Display is the best out of all
It can record 4k video recordings now thats something
Playing games on this phone is fabulous ( very nice experience no lag whatsoever )
Delivery within a day ( 24 hours max )   
 Its a worth and good mobile, all fetures and battery backup is very good. Even charging also very fast than others, main feature is fingure print scanner almost its look like i phone 6S. 
 I received this phone in last week. Happy with the performance. Specifications for this price are great. Fingerprint sensor works perfect.Good battery backup. Excellent display. Thanks to LeEco. 
 Excellent mobile under 11k ...brought one month ago ...after recent update camera and heating problems seems to b bit solved..I own a rn3 it also has heating issues and the camera of redmi n3 sucks in every Dept....guts who r favmcing issues with mobile just update it to latest version...the ear phone sound quality and RAM management could have been better...think further updates could solve this ...pretty one is le always listen to our feedbacks nd suggestion 
 First I accept it is as a super phone rather than smartphone, everyone facing heating issues while I too accept it's, since it comes with 2.2 processor the mobile basically gives out heat 
 Not bad good item budget phone is good vry nice future reference 
 Awesome phone never experienced any lag.For 10k it's more than worth it. 
 Build Quality of Phone : Very Good
Day to Day Performance : Vergy Good
Games : Good
Touch Screen : Very Good 
Recommend : Definitely Yes. At this price point phone is worth every single Rupees. 
 I am using this phone since 30 days and fully satisfied with the choice.  
Pros:
1. Decent battery life,
2. Good built quality,
3. Charming look, 
4. 2.2GHZ processor..performance is really good. 
5. Excellent gaming experience.  
 Used this phone for 1 month,
Pros:
Fast charging, full in 60 mins at most.
Processing is faster, doesn't stuck.
Can play big video files too without any issue with good quality.
Finger print scanner works fine, this makes this device awesome.
Awesome metallic body.
Cons:
Heating while charging
Sometimes battery drains out very quickly even phone is not being used. 20% batter in 8 hours while it wasn't even touched (in night).
Camera quality improved after OTA updates, still not that good.
Shows same contact many times, perhaps because of syncing to gmail/outlook accounts. But that should be merged in single. 
 the phone is awesome. all over the phone quality is very good. but, le eco have to improve his eui for better ram management and better performance. i don't faced any problem and no lags on this phone. but, some users may have the heating issue while charging with fast charger and while playing a game. for, those users my opinion is to use a 1.0 A charger for cgarge the le1s. it will never heat the phone and le eco will have to improve the camera quality .  
other wise the phone is very good for daily usage.. 
 I am using this phone since 24 days and fully satisfied with the choice.  
Pros:
1. Decent battery life,
2. Good built quality,
3. Charming look, 
4. 2.2GHZ processor..performance is really good. 
5. Excellent gaming experience. 
Cons: 
Only con I feel is camera picture looks little reddish, but this has been rectified in latest android version update.  
 Hats Off to delivery with in 24 hrs of Ordering Le 1S ! 
Pros :
Sleek Design, so great looks.
High Performance (Thanks to 3 GB Ram).
Sufficient memory space (32 GB).
Fast Charging.
Excellent Finger Print Scanner (Didn't work once but re-start fixed it). 
Cons: 
Phone gets heated up even while browsing simple websites for 10-15 min
Heating issue during charging is acceptable due to metallic body but not all time.   
 I think this phone is in top ranking with the features it provides and the looks it has has. No issues and no problems and no price can beat this.
However the phone which I got had a problem with the sound. The sim based phone call was not heard clearly. In whatsapp it was. 
Secondly I think it would be better if the make USB charging microend universal.
But sound clarity is a must. Watch out. 
 Heating issues are good this product.overall best product .for youngstars.camera quality is not too good also.range wise best product. 
 I got this phone (gold) 3 weeks back.. It's been performing very well and I'm loving it..
Best in class build quality at this rate.
Got software update last week and that made UI a bit more attractive..
Only drawback i could see is that it's back panel gets heated up after charging.
Overall a good and worthy phone @11k price 
 Mobile is good, 
Camera is average,
Fast Charging with in 1 hour and 1 day battery back up,
Mobile design is good,  
 It actually doesn't matter how good the phone looks and even if the performance is ultimate if I am not able to use the mobile for more than 5mins.
 It has a major drawback that the phone gets extremely heated up on every 5mins activity I do it on the phone. 
It has been 1month now, and its really frustrating that the mobiel gets heated up while 
1. Charging
2. During Phone Calls
3. Play minor games
4. Normal usage. 
it gets really annoying when u can't use your phone for longer time at all. 
Initially I was very happy, but now I feel Wasted my MONEY. 
 Absolutely. 
I bought this phone on 9 Feb,the second flash sale and since then I possibly did everything to this phone other than rooting it,which includes heavy gaming,multitasking,network tests,benchmark tests,camera test and even dropped it once from about 2 feet,without case cover (the last one was a accident).Totally survived it. 
Man it exceeded my expectations in most feids.Beginning with build quality this phone truly in league with iPhone maybe better.Multitasking smooth as butter, gaming tested with asphalt 8 with highest setting,didn't found any lags,maybe a glitch here and there. Never had a problem with network (I don't know why people are complaining about the network drop in their comment's).The display and touch can easily be compared to any 25k 30k phones. 
Now for the real dark side of the Moon, 
Heating... Yes the phone feels much hotter compared to other phones and there's a valid reason for that.First is the metal body, and if u are literate u will know that metal is a good conductor of heat and electricity (not that I doubt it ),also we all 
Know it's one of the most powerful mobile processor so without a doubt it will heat.
And I also found a solution for it and it's simple just use a plastic back cover and you won't be able to feel the heat anymore. 
Camera...Well truly both the camera quality is not comparable to other better company's 12mp and 5mp models. But certainly not as bad as few comments are.And it'sEUIt the problem with megapixels but it's maybe the EUI.But I would still give it 6/10. 
EUI... Overall it needs much work.. The theme itself is not that bad(though I use Nova launcher,I like the classic Google look),it has a number of bugs that many have reported I won't repeat,though many of them have been fixed with the latest update 12s.So I trust the tech support they will make it better,they already provided two updates, so good job there.Here I would still give them a 5/10.(5 because they are still using Android l that too 5.0.2,when Android N 7.0 beta is launched hmmmm.) 
Battery..... Personally after using it two months I believe that battery life is also average.In weekdays a full charge with a busy schedule with not much time to use the Mobile it would easily last a day.But on weekends Heavy mobile usage will deplete the battery much sooner. Heavy usage with mobile data on,it will almost last a 10 hours not more.The Savior comes in the form of fast charger that comes in the box,charges the phone for 10% to 89% in just 45 mins. So here 7/10.Becauseit does for me. 
To those other people who write tons of other stuff apart from the above mentioned problems,there can only be two things,either they are paid by other companies to destroy letv's market or they had a real bad luck to receive a faulty device. 
Final verdict... Superphone,thats the nickname they gave to this phone and I agree with them not because they made a perfect device (which they didn't),but for they made a device with a lot of room for improvement with the premium feel and heavily loaded features,just at 10999(lower than its production cost)...Loving it.  
 It almost 3 months i am using it... 
1) No heatig problem after update. 
2) camera improved after update
3) 5 hours of screen on time with all time wifi connected.. 
4) call quality excellent.. No call drops or no signal problem. 
5) better built quality than Redmi note 3 and premium looks.. Durable. 
Just goo for it.. 
 I purchased a LeTv 1s from flipkart approximately a month ago. It worked fine when I bought it, but as it completed 1 month, it started giving issues. It became very slow and the most annoying thing started is that the contacts started vanishing on their own. Not all the contacts are being but deleted but randomly the contacts are vanishing on their own from the phone. 
 Been using this phone for couple of weeks now and no issues at all so far. Best things about phone, which makes it compete with many of top brand ones are - 
1. Build quality & Design- really superior. One cannot simply question on this aspect! Don't need to say more.
2. Tech Specs - Too good for the price it comes with. One of best spec phone available in market.
3. Screen - I really loved the screen quality. It ain't over saturated like few others (I won't name those! :D), blends in design of phone really great.
4. EUI - Well, matches "flat design" seamlessly, maintaining easiest user experience at the same time. And the most important thing is, the LeEco is working really hard to make it better and better.
5. Notification LED, HW buttons etc. - these are minor details not many observe may be. But I have to mention, these minor details are taken care professionally with this phone. These details actually became differentiator for me to choose this phone.
6. CPU & Battery Performance - with these specs, performance ain't issue with fully fledged linux! No doubt android runs so fluid. Battery performance is as expected with 3000mah battery. 
Only down I found is camera, but it does not matter to me. So I won't stress it more, though if one is looking for an exceptional camera quality, they should look for something else. The camera here is just above average, nothing extra ordinary or special h/w vice, yet s/w vice optimized and good. 
Now the main part, "heating thing"! And YES, the phone does heat up a little at times. Phone comes with 2000mah charger, what for others is fast charger. I can only imagine 2A current flowing in 3A battery! It's suppose to heat, and with metal (obviously more heat conductive) back cover, it's expected that user feels this heat. While calling I only felt heat once, and I discovered the issue with s/w, which is fixed by update(s) anyways (I've only took 1 update). While I do less gaming on phone, but when I did play couple of racing games, phone heats up minor (don't really felt). And with octa-core processor this is normal. 
My final say is, heating is not much of an issue at all. It's merely the case that phone back is more conductive, which is good thing than bad. I had to think twice because of many reviews on heating, but, I don't really find problem. 
And lastly, yeah, Flipkart did deliver it as promised... Great entry by LeEco, feels like they do wanna make difference! 
 I have been using this phone for a little over 10 days now. This is a good device packed in a budget price which offers competitive features to put some of its other rivals to shame. However, there are a couple of drawbacks a new buyer would like to know about -  
1. Heating - Unlike told my many users, my device heats up only while charging. Yes, it sometimes rises quite alot but this is a give and take we have with fast charging. During normal usage (no heavy games) the phone remains cool and the mild warmth can be attributed to its metal body.  
2. Heavy UI on top of Android - So this is something not many talk about. But out of the 3 GB RAM, we only get about 1.3-1.4 GB of RAM for our use. This is because of the very heavy EUI sitting on Lollypop, but I would say there are no RAM Management issues faced and the phone performs without any lags or frame drops. 
 From a month of using this phone I can say, LeTv Le1s is an AMAZING phone for the price!  
It's snappy, fast, and no lags at all.
Screen is amazing at full HD
Camera is also decent for the price.
The UI is very intuitive.
Decent enough battery life, but REALLY FAST CHARGING 
Yes the phone heats up a bit, but that's with every phone in this price segment. Nothing exceptional. 
Look at the price and then review. It's the best you could get at RS. 11,000. 
Aankh bandh kar ke lelo.  
 I am using this phone since last 1 month....it's performance quality is awesome..... I am quite impressed with this phone....n although it has been bought before a month it has updated it's system at least 2-3 times which is like no other phone gets updated so fast. I loved this design cause where ever I go people ask me which phone u r using cause may be they also liked the design. People even ask the price and get shocked cause at this price range u cannot find such an awesome phone...I am totally satisfied... 
 Le 1S is a wonderful phone and at the price of Rs 10999, it is great value for money. Fully loaded phone, with good looking metallic body. I heard about Letv first time and took the risk. I don't know how reliable it will be but it is great that some new company comes in with great product and challenges the established ones who charge ridiculous prices for similar product. Good luck to Letv. 
 I have been using this for about a month and this a beast at this price point!!!!!. (With some flaws) 
PROS:
1.Display
2.Battery (considering the price )
3.Speed 
CONS:
1:Camera (it says that it has a 13 MP camera but seriously it looks worst than a 5 MP camera
2:Heating (you can use this to cook food as it gets extremely hot in extensive usage)
2 
 This gadget is awesome. Installed many of the apps and games but not having any impact on the performance. I will advise to all to buy this product. 
 front camera is too bad, fingerprint scanner is not working properly, & most important Filpkart will not refund you. 
 I bought this phone in the first flash sale and Flipkart has delivered the phone next day, thanks to Flipkart. 
I was using Nexus 5 for past 2 years and I really fed u with battery backup of the phone, so want to exchange the phone
Finally looking at specs I thought a 3000mah battery should be good enough and bought this phone, but w.r.to battery this phone will definitely disappoint u if u are using 3g BSNL network in Bangalore. 2g gives decent battery backup with the same.
The Camera will also disappoint u, but for me, it doesn't matter.
Fingerprint sensor works like charm
Network reception is not up to mark but still usable, that could be a problem with my BSNL sim too.
Heating issue is there.
Now coming to service provided, last week mobile touchpad stopped working, and the next day I took it to a service center near marathahalli, Bangalore. they took one week and replaced my mobile phone to a new one.
today we got a new OTA update, looks like they are improving camera, messaging and others, please go through the release comments of the OTA update, looks like they are working to fix the issues.  
Its value for money but don't buy if u are looking for camera or battery backup with BSNL sim in Bangalore, will update again my review if there is any improvement in camera and battery backup with this OTA update. 
Thank u all. 
 None of the reviews i read prepared me for what I got. It's been barely a week since I got this phone, and I'm delighted with the purchase. Flipkart kick- started the experience by delivering the product in 24 hours flat, and it's been a great ride since. Here's my take after 7 days of use:
1. Look and feel: absolutely premium. This is a "rich", classy-looking phone.
2. Battery life: with plenty of use, the battery lasts well over 12 hours. With 90 minutes of charging, you're back at 100%; 30 minutes gives you over 30%.
3. Interface: the touchscreen is smooth and fluid, you can't take your fingers off the phone.
4. Performance: Fast ! No normal user can complain.
5. Camera: Excellent pictures for the amateur. I haven't used the phone for low-light photography yet.
6. Sound: Clear as a bell.
7. Heating issue: A lot of reviews spoke about this, but I didn't find a significant issue. Maybe this has been fixed.
8. RAM: while it is true that not more than 1.5 GB of RAM is free for use at any point of time, this does not impair performance, and there is no lag at all, which has been a revelation for me as far as Android goes.
Update on March 31: A recent OTA update adds a screen called "LeView" before the home screen, which displays the pick of the videos from the net - an interesting touch.
Really, the icing on this cake would be a conveniently located service centre; I hope I don't find that out anytime soon!
To sum up - go for it! You won't get a better handset for 10,999. 
 Nice cellphone with all the required options. fast performance with ultimate processor. good camera with various options.. 
 Very much impressive product, just update new stable release 5.0.012s, which is damn cool, delivery is also awesome at exact time. awesome product with new updates using since 25 days. 
 only pro is the look & display, every other thing is really really very bad, 
1) Camera Front Camera very bad, 
2) error while Calling network reboots, android com.process error after every call and sms. 3) Abruptly switches off
4) Shows continues charging even after unplugged
5) Heating, you don't need to mention as per customer care 45 degree is normal for this phone, super heats on charging, heats on calls, heats on browsing, gaming just everything.
6) Need to charge twice a day even for normal usage. 
My review for the phone is the company is trying to experiment or test with peoples money instead of testing before launching in the market. 
 Phone has hanging issues many apps don't work properly. 3 gb ram is of not use approx 2 gb is used by the UI only. giving 2 star only for look. 
 First of all I would like to thank Flipkart for their amazing service as usual & thnx to LeEco for the #Super phone Letv Le 1s.
Normally I don't prefer to review but reading the fake reviews here, i thought to post my 1st review after using the phone a week. 
Pro
1. Design- Premium feeling in hand. 10/10
2. EUI- Outstanding 9/10
3. Heating - No heating after Factory reset and OTA update 10/10
4. Battery- Sufficient for a moderate use and lasts for a day almost. 9/10
5. Performance - No lag even in multitasking and during heavy gaming. 3GB DDR3 RAM & 2.2Ghz Mediatek peocessor does its task perfectly. 10/10
6. Storage - 29 GB of user memory out of 32GB is sufficient & there is no need for additional Micro SD Card. 10/10
7. Fast Charging- Type C USB with fast charging really works excellent and takes an hour to charge 100%. 10/10
8. Sound - Dolby sound technology is excellent and output from speakers & headphone as well. 10/10
9. Camera - Photograph taken in day lights are amazing in both front & rear cameras. 4k & Slow motion video recording is unbelievable.
Low light performance is average but can be improved with MM OTA update. 9/10
10- Finger print Scanner- Really works excellent & data in phone is now highly secured. 10/10 
Con-
As of now I didn't find any. 
Hope MM OTA update will release soon from LeEco to improve battery and RAM Management. Thnx Flipkart for the service & offers. I got the #superphone in SBI bank offer. 
I recommend others to go for it as Le 1s is VFM.   
 1)Camera is very bad
2)Signal reception is very poor, shows full signal if some body calls u you will be not reachable.
3)When you try to call somebody, you wont even get dial tone for minutes some times. To make it work you have to try several times
4) Heats up a lot. 
dont weast your money on this phone  
 Skinny
Stylish
Performance 
- I dont see any lag in UI responding 
- Touch is really nice
- Figure print security is an add on feature at this price 
Overall a budget phone with good features. 
 It is very bad smart phone as because it be very heat while charging and continues during use of any appilaction. 
 Had no second thoughts before buying it even though the reviews were average types.  
The only problem with it is heating, issue addressed through an update recently. 
User interface is cool as well, just needs to be customized. 
No complains regarding camera as well. 
 Too much heating ..... Smtymz crossing 40 degrees ....... On the other side it WS vry gud camera or the colour size everything WS awesome but too much heating . It is given the it supports conference call ,but it isn't ........ 
 i buy this device on 25 frb but i face hanging issue so i initiate return request i received the device on time(After checking all the configuration by Flipkart Executive) and i`m using this device from then now from last couple of days it`s battery doesn`t last long more than 1hr. Letv gives good configuration but doesn`t emphasis on the quality of the product . 
 First product was faulty after replacement it work fine for me .Still it include some software base bugs which will be covered by OTA update. 
 The device looks are awesome as per the price.The device heats abnormally on the normal day to day usage.It lags in low light photos,poor ram management.Beyond these cons there is no other con for this mobile.Despite of the cons there are pretty good pros for this mobile.Some of them are impressive fast charging,built quality,fingerprint sensor,infrared sensor and finally there are some good features in eui interface in spite of having some bugs 
 Good phone in looks, but i observed it is too slow and only one GB memory is available. Camera quality is bad and cannot use for playing games and browsing, it will heat like anything.  
 Phone is good , However software UI looks like basic China phone, No extra Option, No tweeks to UI,Phone look premium, Camera quality is not that good. 
 hey all the phone is worst and not to buy any further as it gets heated too much and i am an just a month old user and specifically u cannot get the contact list in time when u want urgently need to close and open twice or thrice then it will work. and shortcut dial is not working on phone so i am suggesting all of u not to purchase this worst ever phone in Indian market. 
 Hi, 
I am using this product from 3 days! Phone is iron box . if you just open the browser and start surfing the phone is getting heat.Forgot about playing games on this may be phone is performing lag free but also generating good amount of heat . 
 I am really unhappy to get this device on top of this flipkart support folks are saying that the device is absolutely fine after running the smart check on my phone also they are saying 45 Degrees is common heat generated by this device. 
I suggest please dont go with this choice and filpkart is not maintaining any standard !  
 I have made a mistake by purchasing this phone. In very first day when i recieved this i got to know that i have to return this phone. Do not buy this phone because flipkart wont take it back, hands down this time for flipkart too. If flipkart sells itself to amazon then its a better idea. 
Pros:
1. Aweome looking phone
2. Touch is nice
3. Its like a small TV, u can enjoy movies 
Cons:
1. It heats a lot, while charging u vl get ur hand burn if u touch it. It gets heated when u r simply using its applications either.
2. I can not hear the voice of other person on the call properly even in full volume.
3. On speaker, also u can not hear the voice of other person on the call.
4. Its too fragile, even with its metallic body , if it accidently fell down then ur 11K rupees are gone waste.
5. I always have to swtich on/off to use the mobile internet because when its locked it will lose its connectivity.
6. I get all the whatsapp message only when i open Whatsapp.
7. Camera quality is just like my old 5 mp 1st gen moto g.
8. Only 25 GB out of 32 GB is available. 
I will get to see more problems in coming days when i will download more applications. 
Worst of all is, i raised request to return the product on the next morning of the day when i recieved the product. 
Then the solution flipkart provided me was to update the system. Idont understand how a system update will help the heating issue. After providing the solution they rejected my return request. Then after 2-3 days i checked the phone by updating the system, there is no improvement in phone performance. Again i raised a return request then again flipkart helpdesk provide me the solution that ur system is updated now u have to reset the factory settings, i said ok this time again they rejected my return request after providing their lame solution. Now again performance is not improved.  
I know flipkart is thinking that after few more days of using the phone it will break and then flipkart can say that ur phone is in damaged conditon, so we can not take it back. 
I have never faced just problem with other sites like Amazon, Jabong etc. 
 This phone is simply awesome. 
I will give 5 *.
+ve Point.
1. Plenty of features
2. Fingerprint scanner is very fast
3. 3000mAh battery
4. 3 GB RAM
5. 2.2GHz processor
6. 13Mpix & 5Mpix cam
7. 4K & HD video recording
8. Slow motion video recording is a very awsome feature.
9. Very quick battery charging( USB Type-C port). Just 1.10 hrs for 0 to 100% battery charging. 
10. 403PPI display is just awesome.
11. Computer to phone data transfer is very fast.
12. Wide range of operation frequency ( Dual SIM 4G ) 
-ve Points.
1. Overheating issue :- This phone overheats if we use continuously more than 20 min. The heat will reach 100F. And also while charging the phone produce a large amount of heat. But this temperature will drop very quickly. For this issue, I am using a back case cover. So we don't feel the metallic body heat. 
2. Running on Android lollipop. But LeUI makeup this.  
3. Phone storage not expandable. But I am Ok with inbuilt built-in 32GB.  
 i read so many reviews about this phone. many users complain about heating and battery. but truly said guy's i used this phone from more then a month n i never encounterd this issue. plz plz update all ur apps and device u will get amazing results on front of heating and battery backup. this is my first review on any device on flipkart. buy and enjoy ur superphone. 
 So I have to write a review about the phone, first of all it is definitely not value for money, I mean for the same price there are a lot of other phones available. It was a big mistake buying this phone. The camera has a big time lag and even the quality isn't good. Since it has a metal body the phone gets heated up in no time if you use it continuously for more then 20mins. If you like playing games , then don't even think about buying this phone the game quality is dubious. When kept on charging if you happen to touch it in any way it gives static effect. Since the time i received the phone within 24hrs the finger touch sensor stopped working. The only reason for me to buy this fone was flipkart as I've been regularly purchasing stuff from here and the quality of products were also good but now I think it's getting atrocious day by day. I won't recommend anybody to buy this phone. The phone needs to be sent back to the factory they need to review all these short comings. 
 Cant expect more features for the given price. Initially had heating issue, however with the update it was omitted. Recommended phone 
 I made a right choice by buying this Letv Le 1S.
First i was worried because of negative comments but this phone overcome up with every limitations even xiaomi redmi note 3 also didn't stand close in terms of styling, feels like top expensive mobile in hand. So i recommend all to buy this phone. le 1s simply good though i face some problem with dilevery of flipkart at my place........ after buying this mobile don't forget to do 'restore factory setting' and 'ota update of 25 feb'. It really helps you. 
 Its like a heater because it use to heat up while charging for 10/15minuts.. But the model and the function is smooth except video reader.. Video reader use to have some problem sometime because they can't hold or play a video regularly if we didn't install an MX video player.. Apart from this the other function are very smooth .. I love the design and the function of letv le1s phone so much. ... 
One last point is when you all bought this phone again then get a cover also because when u hit or make it fall somewhere and mark it then it can't be repair because its an aluminium...   
 I wanted to give 4.5/5, but since that is not possible, I am giving 5/5. 
Problem I found in this mobile is that heating while charging with adapter. Mobile should not get heated while using it. that is not happening, so I am not worried about the heating while charging. 
Fast charging is applicable only when you charge with provided adapter. If you charge with your laptop/computer, then it will take more than 6 hours. 
This spec is worth at this price(10K) 
I love this mobile very much.
Performace - Excellent
Look & Design - Excellent
Built Quality - Excelent
Touch - Excellent 
Note: Life of any mobile is maximum 2 years, so I am not interested to put more money on mobile. so If it works for 2 years, that is good enough for me. 
 I have been using this phone for the past 1.5 months & all I can say is all the negative reviews regarding overheating & phone battery backup is complete rubbish....After extensively using WiFi through out the day, it is giving me a backup of 1.5 days with the phone never even getting hot or hanging...a bit of warmth is expected due to the heavy usage but that's evident with every other phone..maybe even more than this baby....just go for it... 
 Cons:
1. Phone is heating up when we keep for charging
2. Screen display and resolution quality is not good.
3. Piece i got is default in silent mode and was unable to change to Ringing mode 
Pros:
Sorry i could not write any 
 Good phone at the price...true value for money....using since last 1 week, no heating, good call clarity, great touch response.....satisfied with the product... 
 very bad mobile ,over heating mobile.
Phone gets heats up even after 2 mins usage. Goes nearly 45 c. I am going to return this product. Total waste of time and money. Not worthy at all.
cons :
1 Battery backup is very poo, drain in in just 1 minute from 20% battery 
2. Camera quality is very poor, indoor quality is very poor as compare to other competitor phone like k4 note
3. no memory card slot
4. some kind of vibration when phone is on charging mode and in hand, it is due to metal body, i think not suitable for usage while charging 
over all : i think letv is improve this problem (Expand) 
 worst services.. I have ordered this item with advance payment and on the delivery date it is showing dispatched and I have got nothing not even any call from delivery boy and now everyone is investigating with me and treating me like a thief... 
 DEAR SIR, 
 I AM PURCHASED IN LETV MOBILES IN GOLD AND SILVER AND THE PROBLAM IN GOLD COLOUR IN IS HEAVY HEAT AND DATA CABLE ALSO MISSING AND I DONT INTRSTED THIS MOBILE AND RETURNED TO THE TEMPERD GLASS AND POUCH ALSO.  
REGARDS.
PUNEETH AND PENCHILA PRASHAD 
 Worst.. . heating while... Charging... Maximum crossing 45 degrees... 
 bakwaash pis he mat lenee playstors work at only whifi camera is not good 
 As every one say Design is good and attracts many. 
Heating wise -Initially it heated even for 3 to 4 minutes usage but after software update it is not heating that much but still getting heated when we play games on it for more than 15 minutes. 
Battery drains fast if you are on net and Games other else you can use phone for a day operation. 
Fast charging is a good option and it charges 100% in a hour and half time. 
Over all ok if you are updating from normal phone to this phone. 
Concern is this phone do not support volTe which is latest in the telecom buzz and i feel the processor wont support the Volte LTE and if it so there wont be any software update on that front. 
If Letv takes business seriously and to be competition they have to provide software update on weekly basis to over come the concerns raised by me else people will take advantage of 30 days return program . 
As a greedy customer i want more for what i paid .In that scenario i am giving 3 points and please remember the given features and build quality is also value for money 
 Phone looks stylish and premium. But the OS is too bad. Gets so many crashes and sometimes does not respond. Yeah there is over heating issue. 
 I got this phone on the 3rd flash sale after missing out on the first two. I got the silver version as the gold one was not available for the the 3rd flash sale. I bought this as a replacement for my OnePlus One which got pick-pocketed last October. After losing the OnePlus One I decided not to buy an expensive phone ever. So was using the Xiaomi Mi4i as a replacement for the last 4-5 months. However when the LeTv Le 1s showed up in Flipkart with all the premium features at a mouth-watering price I was not able to resist myself any further. After using it for almost 3 weeks my thoughts about the phone listed below: 
Pros:
1) Premium metal build which is among the best I have seen or used. Has an iPhone 6 like feel.
2) Gorgeous 5.5 inch full HD screen and excellent touch sensitivity.
3) Powerful octa-core processor with 3 Gb of memory and moderate storage of 32 Gb.
4) Excellent Fingerprint scanner, I simply love this feature.
5)IR blaster works fine with all my household electronics (but limited to using the inbuilt app only)
6)Blazing fast charging using the LeTv provided USB C cable and charger. Charges from 10 % to full in around an hour.
7)Heating issue is resolved after the last OTA update (at least for me). There is some heating while charging but that is acceptable.
8)Battery backup is moderate; could have been better but I would not complain much as I have been used to the OnePlus One which itself is not known for its great battery backup. 
Cons:
1)Camera quality of both rear and front is pathetic while indoor and under low light. With sufficient light outside they both work fine but the moment we are indoor the output seems like that of a VGA camera. Not sure whether it is a sensor issue or a software issue.
2)Although the screen is generally very good, it is almost unreadable under direct sunlight.Using the auto brightness feature helps a little but my Mi4i is much better in this respect.
3)IR blaster does not work with 3rd party apps like Anymote. LeTv should definitely work on it.
4)Memory Management is not very good. Even with no app running it shows only around 1.2 to 1.3 Gb of RAM availability. 
There have been times over the last few days when I contemplated on returning the phone and instead get the Redmi Note 3 from Amazon. The Note 3 is apparently getting rave reviews plus I have used Xiaomi Mi3 and Mi4i and both have been rock solid for me. However I finally decided against it as I like the look of my 1s better than Note 3 and expecting some of the issues mentioned above would be fixed with future software updates. Hoping LeTv will not disappoint me :-)  
 Aftr neglecting all the bad reviews and going on my instincts, i decided to give it a try. All, I can say is this #superphone is a killer at this price range. Go for it guys. Snappy processor@ 2.2 gig and well a good camera. Personally, I don't think u can get a DSLR quality camera in a 10k phone. Looks wise,it's a game changer.. And finally if u fit in an octa core processor in a sleek metal body, the temp is bound to increase, but it's nt like it will burn ur hands or something. It heats like all other similar specs cells. Overall,a must buy phone @ 11k. Verdict: 5/5 
 Hello fellas,
About FILPKART: Great service as expected from you. Super fast delivery. 
About PHONE: I'm really happy and feel proud to have this phone on first day. But after using 5-10 days I've marked some PROS & CONS and also major issue in this phones as below-
PROS:
1. Great looking phone and excellent build quality in this price range. Fits perfect in your hands. (as per read some reviews here I'm not found any sharp edges to cut my hands).
2. Super fast charging, I'm really impressed with charging speed of this phone. LeEco provides very good Super fast charger with this phone.
3. Great processor, Helio X10 is very fast and powerful processor. Actually I bought this phone because of this processor + 3 GB ram its a great combination for heavy usage.
4. Decent fingerprint sensor, this phone have fast fingerprint sensor. I did not say accurate because out of 10 try its able to unlock phone 8 or 9 times.
5. Good sound output (speaker as well as headset), this phone have only one speaker in bottom but its produce very loud and clear sound quality. 
6. Very nice & smooth UI (but its need improvement) 
PROS:
1. Poor battery life, battery drain very fast even in low usage like whats app, calls etc.
2. Poor RAM management, out of 3 GB ram we get only 1 GB ram for free.
3. Poor camera, very bad camera quality rear as well as front. Did not expect good result form this phone's camera in low light.
4. Now for Heating, Yes its heated more than other phones and I think its have very powerful processor and sleek metal body so heats direct effect to metal body and metal is a very good conductor of heat. But after 5-10 day usage I found more heating problem like while charging and also if you are playing some heavy games.
5. Some people marked and read in some reviews this phone have vibration problem while charger connected. Check yourself, connect your phone to charger and put it down and just swivel your fingers in its metal body up to down.  
MAJOR PROBLEM I FOUND IN MY PHONE: 
Its display, yes display is very nice & bright. But after some day usage I found a red stuck pixel in phone and I try almost possible way to fix it with available software or fixers but can't able to fix it. So i decide to replace the phone and raised a request for replacement. Flipkart respond very quickly with sms and refer to download a app called "SmartChk". Second day I get a phone call from Flipkart's customer care they ask me to run this app and then they run a display test. They found a negative result who proofs a defective display in the phone so they accept my replacement and Flipkart once again delivers a very fast service to replace my phone.
I'm happy and relaxed after replacing my defective device but after a week I found 4-5 greenish or white stuck/dead pixels again in this replaced device. This time I decided to replace the phone and request the refund of my money. I raised the request second time and follow the above procedure again and once again display test gives negative result so Filpkart accept my refund request and they pick-up the defective phone on same day. After 2-3 working days my money was refunded to my account.  
So big thanks to Flipkart you proves the slogan "Flipkart matlab bilkul pakka"  
Friend please check your device carefully for this stuck or dead pixel issue in your phone. recommended to check while booting your phone in LeTv log screen or try some dark (black) backgrounds. If you found please mark my review as helpful (thums-up). 
 -It doesn't have app launcher/menu button, you have to shuffle the pages on home screen, that's okay for me not much of problem.  
-Battery life is very good, turbo batttery and Type C usb charger charges the battery from 0 to 100% less than an hour, pretty cool!! 
- I just found a problem when I tried to play music via bluetooth on philips DVD home theater, the volume rocker failed to increase the volume of music, finally i had to use remote control of dvd to increase the volume. hope they fix this in next release. 
-Performance with 2.2Ghz processor is nothing more you can expect at this range!! Doest lag anywhere uptil now. 
- Memory management is an issue, because you get 1.3 to 1.7 GB ram after you clear out all your applications from the tray. Sometime it fall down to 900 mb too with no applications running. Hope the improve on this. However, I personally dint face any issue on proper usage of phone. i.e not unnecessarily keeping applications running on backend like games and camera or other social n/w apps 
Over all, more than satisfied and happy with Le 1s :) 
 I have to admit I was very skeptic before ordering this product and was utterly confused between RedMI Note 3.
But I got literally sold to the design and build of this piece. So here is my most honest review after 4 days of usage: 
1. Those who are complaining that the set is becoming hot like an iron, seriously it's time for you all to buy a new iron.
The set becomes warm at 41 to 43 during charging and takes between 35 to 39 on high data usage, wifi usage and moderate games. 
2. Build is perhaps the best in the category and also in few other categories. 
3. Fingerprint scanner is lightning fast. 
4. Amazing contrast, I am among the very early AMOLED users and the display here is very very close. 
5. Almost zero pre-installed bloatware apps and extremely efficient memory management. 1.5 GB RAM always free with no apps open. 
6. Many have complained about the eui but I found it very intuitive and many unique smart features that is actually very handy and result of simple thought process. 
7. Camera is just above average. 
8. Nevertheless to say the set is super fast, lag is a word out of context. 
CONS:
Only con I can think of is the battery which lasts just a day with medium to less heavy usage. You definitely get better battery in this price range.
Again this is compensated by the USB Type C Fast Charge, I got 20% to 100% in exactly 35 mins. 
Finally I would say just go for it and don't listen to rubbish reviews, it's just anti marketing. I am technologist myself and it's hard to satisfy my appetite with bluffs. 
 I have been using this mobile for past one month. I wont say i didnt find any faults.Lets see cons according to me.
Cons:
1.Screen not visible in hot sun.
2.Gets heat only in charge or continuous play for 1.5 hrs
3.Contacts tends to stuck up.
4.Minor issues with Software.
5.Although more RAM allocation of memory tends to fall short my expectations. 
Pro or Con:
this purely depends on ur view.
1.I really liked the placement of settings giving fast access for someone it might tend to irritate but as using regularly I am getting used to it.
2.Camera is Nice. I am not a Wild life photographer or some sort, but decent pics cant complaint.
3.If u expect the best camera pls dont go for it.
4.Needs little software improvement.
5.I am expecting that LeTV releases a Jellybean update 
Pro:
1.Touch is Amazing (previously I owned HTC) Touch responds very fast.
2.Fast charging works so great. 50 min of charge gets u from 9% to 99% (morning i wake up and put to charge and when I am ready to go out its almost full)
3.Cant leave out Fingerprint sensor,Works like charm (i feal like I am in future though sometimes)
4.no lags as for daily usage.
5.Back light is great (lights up only when touched)
6.Look and Feel are Awesome (cant get any better)
7.Display can be based on ur taste( has various types) 
My bst advice is if u tend to take some risk and ur ok with them u can go for it.
If u dont want to take risk then opt for other models. My next choise was Honor 5X
( since i didnt like Lenovo or Samsung)
Thats all folks, thanks for reading fully. 
 Reviewing after using this mobile over a month 
Able to get hold of this mobile in first flash sale after desperately waiting for this mobile for over a month.  
All things are discussed many times here, but here is my review on the most important points  
Display :- Amazing full HD display and clearly visible under sunlight when auto brightness is enabled 
Battery backup : After the OTA, battery backup increased and heating is reduced to a noticeable extent.  
Camera :- Decent performer under light and need improvements in low light conditions. 
Expecting the device to be more polished with the upcoming OTA updates 
 Looks premium in hand just like 8 phone 6+. Performance is also gud Battery life ia bad camera is ok too much redness in camera the worst thing is ram management . it always shows approx 500 ram available. When ever i uses 2 or 3 small apps like whatsapp , fb , messenger , hike then it shows only 300 ram available of 3 gb... Ram management neee to be improved , battery life and camera also 
 Got it delivered in 2 days as promised by flipkart and this is my first gadget ordered on flipkart. Phone works really well and didn't face any major problems as i updated and did factory reset as soon as i took it out of box. 
Pros
1.Display is of great clarity and of course 403ppi gives excellent clarity. 10/10
2. Camera is ok and front camera takes really good selfies and I'm not much worried about camera as i use my DSLR and can't expect much for this price. Front 9/10 Rear 7/10
3.Audio is very loud and clear.
4/Fingerprint sensor is accurate and ensures complete security.10/10
5.Battery backup is better when compared to other phones at this price range.9/10
6.IR blaster . I could use it as remote for many tv's and ac's and there is an inbuilt app for remote control and need not download third party apps.10/10
7.Looks are premium and stylish . Almost like iPhone 6 and the color is like rose gold.
8. Inbuilt memory of 25gb is available and which is more than enough even if there's no expandable memory.
9.Gorilla glass and easily it doesn't break if dropped. 
Cons.
1.Heats up while charging and i haven't played any games till now. So during normal usage it doesnt heats up much and is tolerable. 
2. It doesn't come with earphones .
3. Type C USB is rare and one has to carry charger everywhere. 
Finally this phone is worth for single penny and can blindly go for it. If more service centres are opened then it would be better . 
 good phone for 11999, no major problem, slight heating issues are there but not that much, rear camera is good after update, but still the front camera is pathetic. i've got a dslr to capture pics, so that's not a major problem for me, but if you can spend a extra 1000 rs, go for redmi note 3 pro. 
Pros 
fast processor
no hanging issues
good camera after update
fast charging 0 to 100% in 80-90mins 
cons
front camera is poor in artificial conditions
battery backup is ok, can manage 5 hrs of screen on time
slight heating issues
Major con is redmi note 3 pro, everything is better than le1s 
 Have been using the Letv Le 1S for the past month, after comparing with the Lenovo K4 Note, went in for this for the 2.2 Gig octa core processor... 
Cons:
a. Heats up while playing for longer duration - 30 minutes+
b. Battery life is low 
Pros:
a. Good price point
b. Looks and feels good
c. Fast charge works well (so far) 
Fantastic delivery by Flipkart, keep it up. 5 Stars ***** 
Hope Letv has a good support network in India... :) 
 This is a phone, competing every phone in its price range, even more till Rs. 20,000. 
I'm writing this review after 20 days of hardcore use.
3 D Gaming is perfect,
and also most important, no heating flaws, even while charging and playing games like
Mortal Combat X, Asphalt 8: Airborne, Need For Speed: No Limits, etc... 
Overall, Its MUST-Buy Smartphone of 2016 till i Phone 15 Comes in the future..... 
Thumbs up if u Like This Review!!! ;-) !!!!!!!!@@@  
AND $$$ VALUE $$$ FOR $$$ MONEY $$$$$$$$$$$$$$ 
 Awsome look. 
Only heats at time of charging. Camera is also good.
Overall performance is good and value for money. 
 I don't have to go through whatever's been written before.
The phone is brilliant, everything is perfect except heating issue. Yes, it heats up when data/GPS or any extensive heavy application is being used.
If you can wait for an OTA(which surely will resolve the issue,trusting the developers) then go for it. 
I am impatient so I have requested a return and thanks to Flipkart for such a quick resolution. Cheers :) 
 Phone battery, Camera, Charging speed... Everything is fab... Display awesome. Fingurprint sensor is butter.. Ram- Storage Good... Overall very good phone in this rate bt the worst thing is UI..... Need big development in UI... 
First of all fix the Call Recording defect. Every recorded call automatically added in Music Player.. It sucks man during music listening...
Secondly, Fix error in import of contacts... It automatically read my email and download the contacts from it. And if i delete it, it will again read and Import automatically. 
I am previous Redmi user and You LeTv R&D team guys please once use MI phone, you will come to know what exact issues and difference is there in UI. 
Hope you will read this and act on it. 
 Heating issues don't purchase this phone waste of money........ 
 Phone gets heated very quickly...
Battery drains fast..does not last full day
Camera is average...filters not necessary...
Not worth as talked about 
 Got the phone on 3rd March,2016 started with heating problem. The battery drains faster as it gets charged. Not at all upto the mark. 
 This is the best device in this price bracket, a tough competitor for lenovo k 4 note and redmi note 3. Not go with rumors..  
1. People were complaining about its battery backup. But there are 2 process to get the best from it. I'm getting 15-16 hours of backup and 7-7.5 hours of screen on time. Just do 2 things. Reset the device before entering the sim card. If you haven't did it don't worry. Do battery calibration. Use the device untill it goes to 0% and turns off automatically, then charge it up to 100% and don't unplug the charger before 100%. Do this thing for 3days. And the second thing is root the device. It will increase the battery backup. :) you will be able to get a brilliant battery backup. 
2. Heating was a problem, but after the stable update in February, it has been decreased a lot! 
3. Camera, it's probably the weakest part of the camera in low light but strongest part in good lighting conditions. Thanks to the light control option that appears on hard press. It allowes you to take the light from anywhere of the frame :) the front camera still struggles but the back camera can produce good depth of field and background blur. The slow motion video and the 4K video is another plus point of this super phone. :)  
 I am quite satisfied with the general complains seen on battery drainage, over heating or poor camera. 
My mobile dropped from a distance of around 2 feet or even lesser and the top glass got damaged badly from two side. It happened that the phone was in the side pocket of my pant and i was half way to get in my car. I have been using mobiles for quite long, but never saw any mobile to be such fragile. 
On calling LeTV service station I got an understanding that there is no repair of the same and you will have to pay 6200+taxes and will be provided replacement phone by Flipkart. Another lovely thing I got to discover from the service station is that this type of glass is called paper glass, which is very fragile and can break unless handled with great caution. 
Is this not the same example of HP Inkjet printers being sold too cheap and then you fall in trap of getting high cost cartridges. 
I am still not sure that I am ok to spend this big amount! 
All my advice to buyers is that please think twice, thrice... before you buy this phone, if you can keep it as cautiously as a new born baby! :-(, otherwise the phone is quite good till now. 
 Get product 4 days early so i m very happy with delivery system
Product i had start to use and within 24 hrs cant give justified review but overall its OK 
 I am not kidding. This is my 5th phone purchase in Flipkart in last 3 weeks!! Additionally I made at least 6 more people to buy this phone. This is the phone that changed the mid range phone market. If you see other brands closely, you can observe, all of them are selling their phones with additional discounted prices from last couple of weeks.  
Now about the phone. It does heat up. Because, It's mammoth 24 watt charger. It's natural to get heated. Because it charge from 0 to 100% within 50 minutes (done testing multiple times). The "mi" guys says that their new phone has a "fast charge" "which does 50% charge in 1 Hour!! But it's micro usb. Can't help. So, whoever love it, let them.  
About performance.  
I am a multi task user. I crashed 3 phones due to heavy usage. 2 budget phones and another one plus one. This is the best experience I ever had compared to any devices. It doesn't lag. I play NFS most wanted (2GB size game if you don't know) all the ime and it rocks. 
Sound . It's DTS and Dolby digital. To feel the 100% power of it, use a good quality headphones and play 1080p trailer in youtube. Your ears will blow!!  
Camera. I am not a fan of camera function as I rarely use it. But when you use it, it's decent. You can't expect a DSLR quality in this phone or any phone (even iPhone 6s). But it does pretty decent job if you know how to use the filters and focusing. For 5mp front camera does amazing selfie shots.  
Battery . It charges 0 to 100% within 50 minutes. Even if I am using during charging, it charges about 1% per minute. Otherwise 2% per minute. 
The screen on time is in between 4-6 hours depending on the usage (normal phones between 3-4 hours).  
Conclusion : this is an amazing phone thoroughly . Just go with it. You will love it. From my driver to my manager, every one loved it. I also seen others who thought was bad. I explained what they did wrong and now they want one. 
 The earpiece has stopped working. After multiple resets the earpiece works once in a while. This has left me with a phone which I cannot use for calling purposes. What is the use of phone being smart of it cannot be used for it primary purpose. i.e making/receiving calls. I feel this is a software issue as I have seen this after I have installed the latest update. Whatsapp calls dont work too. Looks like the software does not enable the earphone at all. 
Called support and they tell me they know there is a bug and fix will only come in by April. This is a phone where the phone feature itself does not work. Don't waste your money on this. There are many good phone around where the phone feature works. 
 PATHATIC PHONE PLEASE DO NOT BUY AND DONT WASTE YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AND MORE OVER YOUR MOST VALUABLE TIME 
 pls dont buy this product, 32mp comparing to 5mp for other phone, worst product, so dont buiy for this one..... 
worst camera clarity,  
 I can say this phone is really good in this price. Really wonderful with the features. Only camera is little bad in low light .. but cant expect everything to be perfect in this range.. 
 Good phone..only heating issue ,but nt at all a problem. Worth buying 
 DON'T BELIEVE FAKE REVIEW, I AM ONE OF THE OWNER THIS PHONE................ EXCELLENT DISPLAY 10/10
 SOUND 8/10
 CAMERA 7/10
 SPEED 10/10 
 OVERALL GREAT SUPER PHONE AMONG MOTO, SAMSUNG AND I PHONE    
 Hi guys it has third party glass
In my pockets in normal pressed display is crack. So I have lost my 4500 rupees don't buy Le phones.  
 Received the Product in a day by Flipkart awesome service 
Pros:
-Looks premium
-finger print scanner  
Cons
-Always Heating especially when u charge you cant hold the mobile in hand
-Display not very clear in sunlight if u increase the brightness level to the peak.  
 Just oped box phone was premium look. But worst software and UI. This phone not charging more than 35% after 2 hours with plug in type 3 charger no use  
heating without use also 
I kept in bag heated like iron box :( 
 Hi, 
This is the very genuine review i am writing about this phone.First of all thanks to flipkart for providing excellent delivery service and now comes to phone i will write only pros and cons 
pros:-  
1. No Lag(3 gb ram but availaible only 1-1.4 gb all that matters is optimization, my facebook app is taking 400 mb usage of ram still no lag and also when there 500 mb ram left still no lag it's sall about optimization which is very good )
2. Excellent battery Life (every one says it has poor battery life idk why they say but when i received this fon i formatted this fon and now battery , can give you continuous usage of more than 5 hours although it also has batter resistant mode )
3.Back Look is excellent although i have white one but back is silver which is awesome although front looks ok ok 
4.Fingerprint is excellent 
5.IR connector (they should add set up box feature also ,although you can only switch on and off t.v also)
6.TYPE C USB connector this is an excellent feature FAST CHARGING charges in around 1 hr 15 mins MAX that pretty cool
7. Display is good 401 ppi and 1920 screen
8.4 k Video waoh thats a boom,take alll your memory but thats feature which is awesome
9.Camera is good ,Day light camera is awesome , dim light is ok ok , front is ok ok but day light photos are awesome also provides you blurred effect if you know how to focus things correctly
10. Charger is of 2.7 A ,normally charger are of 1-1.5 A  
cons:-
1. Still not able to find any cons about battery,camera .In this price this awesome no lag good camera good battery .Although if front panel was silver than i will be more happy , anyways awesome phone with good feature and i am going to buy same for my family member also.Don't go for the negative review's just format the phone once you get it and charge up to 100%. 
Hit HELPFUL (YES) IF YOU FOUND THIS REVIEW !! Thanks !! 
 Today i got the phone, using it since last 2 hours, nice design, and no lagging, camera also good for me. 
 Excellent product. It is a good phone under 12k. Good hardware but software not good. It need some improvement. Display is good. Call quality good. Battery backup good. Need some improvement in camera. Fast charging amazing 
 After going through lot's of reviews online, finally ordered this super phone. 
Lot's have already been said about this smart phone. We are familiar with specification. I am sharing my personal experience after using it (FYI I was MI3 user till now). 
I have read that, lots of people have complained about heating problem, so the first thing after getting this phone, I did was to upgrade the latest OS via OTA and then Factory reset and finally cleared the google services app cache and then start installing my apps. 
I transferred all my stuff (contact, music, videos etc abt 9GB via WIFI ) and installed as many as 75 apps (including Modern combat 4) , and i hardly feel any "heat", though temp rises a bit, but that's normal. 
Built quality is just awesome...great at this price segment.  
User interface is simple and clean with similarity between MIUI and IOS, but not as great. Any new user will not feel any difference in interface. Apps work lag free and smooth. Can easily play high end games also.
Now while gaming (Modern Combat 4), after 10-12 mins, i felt heat increasing but again in my personal opinion , this may be normal with full metal body design. 
 It has got 3000 mAh battery and Type C  Quick Charge , it work well and full charge the device in around 2.5 hrs. 
Finger touch scanner works great and easily placed. 
 Camera- The main camera 13 MP works great out doors and can shot slo-mo videos (that fun) , but indoor pictures good but not great. Front camera is good , but not great for selfies, pictures get bit grainy.  
Display- Great..can play HD videos with ease and clarity , nice and bright. Videos has multi window play options, really nce. 
In short, at this price , this a great buy , some minor issues , but then u can have everything in 11k.   
 Very nice phone in this price range.
Excellent touch, display, Elegant looks, good performance in all games (except a few) 
I have tried heavy graphics game like Asphalt 8, real Racing 3, Mortal combat X, Contest of champions, dead trigger-2, Modern combat-5, Dungeon hunter-5, gods of rome etc.
All games run smoothly except gods of rome (my favourite). But that can be managed. 
Charging is very fast in this phone. 
All's good except:
Battery backup, need to charge atleast twice a day if I play game, else single charging per day is sufficient. 
Moderate Heating is felt while playing games, but it heats up a bit more while charging but cools down once charging is complete.(bearable) 
Camera quality is average. But shoots good photos in natural light. 
Reception is slightly weak due to metal body( I don't know if that's problem of model or particular piece.) 
 I am going to provide the star rating as per my experience of 1 month usage. 
1)Screen:-5 star
 #5.5 inch, 403 PPI, IPS Display, Multi-touch, Corning Gorilla Glass 3.Its a very fine screen.Color are so bright.Even It is brightly visible during sunlight. 
2)Battery:-4.5 star
 # Li-Polymer, 3000 mAh.It a very good capacity battery under this segment.U can easily watch video ,surf net & play games .It will be last long more than one day. 
3)Charging:-5 star
#Type C  Quick Charge. Charging is mind blowing.It is one the best feature of Letv. U can charge ur phone upto 100% only in 1 hour and few min.But there is confusion here .I think this feature is only compatible with LeTv charger only. 
-ve Point:-U always have to carry your data cable because its a Type C. 
4)Fingerprint sensor:-5 star
#Fingerprint Scanner is the one of the fastest working Scanner i ever see. 
5)Infrared Sensor(Remote control feature):-4.5 star
#Remote sensor is working cool.But most of the time u have to add the remote manually. 
6)Camera:-3 star
# 13 MP Primary Camera Rear & 5 MP Secondary Camera Front.If you are looking for good camera phone .So this is not one .Camera is just normal. 
7)LTE:-5 star
#Dual Standby with Dual 4G Sim (LTE + LTE),If you are going to use internet.U dnt need to switch ur primary sim.Net will work perfectly either in sim1 or sim2. 
8)Body & Look:-5 star
#Full Metal Unibody. Under this price segment .This is the only phone upto now,Who can give luxurious feeling.Body is super fine and look cooool. 
9)Configuration:-4.5 star
#3 GB RAM | 32 GB ROM(No Eternal memory slot)
 2.2 GHz Helio X10 Turbo MTK 6795T Octa Core Processor
 Android v5 (Lollipop) with EUI OS 
During the time purchase.I was confuse between Le1s & Honor 5x.But the prossesor on any of the phone is not good .They are only providing Snapdragon 616 MSM8939V2 Octa Core Processor 1.3-1.5ghz .But I choose Letv because of it possessor.Its work so smooth .You can easily play big games without ant hiccups.  
-ve point in configuration .You will not get the freedom to expand your memory.You have to be satisfy with 25gb user available memory only.  
Overall review Awesome Phone under this price segment.But Not for camera lovers.   
 Poor testing is done with usage. 
WIFI will get turned on unnecessarily, 
Many complaints i received telling that my number is not reachable or switched off all the time.
There is some background process is running that won't allow to receive mails or WatsApp messages in real time(tried many options to disable those but no success).
Camera quality is very bad with artificial light (even you have good lighting in Indore). 
Otherwise it is a fantastic phone. 
 Pros :- 1. Good battery Life
 2. Looks premium mobile as completely built of Uni-metal body
 3. Good phone at this price with the said specs.
 4. Amazingly fast battery charging 
Cons :- 1. Heats a lot while charging/ gaming/ 4G net usage  
 Too much heating, 
1. when playing game continuously 10 to 15 min 
2. And at the time of charging 
Battery duration is not good.. I need to charge it twice in a day. 
 I booked on 9th feb and got that 11th feb in sale,, I am really happy to got this as its super phone, Yes I do agree the heathing issue, still you are getting fantastic processor + Ram + Display size + Premium look+ Finger print sensor.....
When ever I make a call on the road or in the office, people look at me and praise my phone as well, Its well build with performance is also good, and after update of UI, the heating issue is also decreased. I am really happy to got this in this price, as iphone has a price of around 50K but does not have the finger print sensor, Lol... :-p 
 in my opinion it is phone wort the price but could have been better.
xiaomi redmi note 3 launches on 3rd march.so, wait foer awhile and buy xiaomi redmi note3 which is far better and has 16mp camera and also supports SD card.. 
 Le. 1s phone has very good quality, initially it had heating issue but the same is now reduced with update 
Flipkarts fastest delivery  
 I recently bought this mobile. Performance and looks are excellent. But I felt like it's over heating while the call is more than 1 min. 
 First impressions were awesome . ..i haven't seen such an stylish looking phone in this price tag.But it lacks in 3 major areas i.e, 
1) disappointed with the heating issue ,phone heats like hell and its hardly impossible to grab this phone after 30 mins of usage and because of this issue i can't even take calls.,my ears get hot while receiving call and they pain alot :( 
2) battery drains very fast like with normal usage it barely stands for 8-10 hours which is quite average in terms of 3000mah battery.
3)camera is average . ..usually when we click pictures their is color saturation problem i.e, picture comes reddish 
 I have received the phone on 25th february.
I have used for 6 days and writing the review. 
When i switched on the phone for first time, after setting up the phone, i have received OTA update, after updating the phone. The below is my review. 
PROS 
1. GOOD BUILD QUALITY 
2. BRIGHT DISPLAY 
3. NO HEATING PROBLEM FOR DAY TO DAY USAGE 
4. FAST CHARGING 
5. FINGER PRINT SENSOR IS ACCURATE 
6. NO LAG UI 
7. TYPICAL 3000MAH BATTERY LIFE, BATTERY LASTS FROM MORNING TO NIGHT FOR MEDIUM USERS( MORE CALLS, LESS INTERNET), MAY BE THIS IS A CON FOR SOME USERS. 
8. SCREEN BRIGHTNESS IS ALRIGHT IN DIRECT SUNLIGHT. 
CONS
1. NEW UI (LOT OF OPTIONS CHANGED FROM REGULAR ANDROID) 
2. TYPE C CABLES ARE NOT WIDELY USED. SO HAVE TO CARRY THE CABLE ALL THE TIME. 
3. CAMERA IS BELOW AVERAGE EVEN AFTER THE UPDATE. ONE STAR LESS FOR CAMERA 
4. NO MICRO SD CARD SUPPORT. MAY BE NOT A CON FOR SOME USERS. 
OVERALL I WOULD SAY THE PHONE IS VALUE FOR MONEY IF YOU IGNORE THE CAMERA.  
 Great Mobile I am using 15 day no problem only heating ....camera good processor excellent 2.2 front camera very good.  
 Le 1S is a mobile with all good features like camera pixel, storage capacity and a sound quality is good. Looks fantastic with full metal body. Where it has some problem like mobile is getting heated while in use for even lesser time. 
 Good phone at such at cheap rate. With so many features. Need to have a better camera for which 1 point to be deducted out of 5. So 4 star for dis phone. 
 i m using this phn from last one month.performance is good, no backlog has haapen.
only the camera quality is little dull.and everything is good 
 camera quality is not upto 13MP mark. Picture look very pixles & blur,
Video is not playing properly even we tried with many other players.
other than this phone is just ok, 
Not expected level.... 
 phone design is super
but camera quality is poor, like 5 mp only
please don't buy this product....
............................................... 
 Phone is very very good. Heating issue was only there when i had to transfer 16gb of data from my old phone to this phone. Fingerprint scanner works 99% of the times. Problem with the physical back button. Issue rectified but the flipkart guarantee was not as smooth as expected. Overall still a good buy. 
 Value for money!!! 
Cons- 1)Camera quality poor. Didn't looked 13 / 5 Mp camera. 
 2)wifi catching strength very narrow.
 3)Some irritating software glitches.
 4)Heating & battery issue not as severe as 
 described by experts. 
Over all good decent phone, you cannot expect gold at 11k. 
Trust me hype was little too much. If you need a new smart phone within 15 k range, then buy it. Don't buy it just for the sake of buying. 
 Over all the phone is good - all the features are comparable to any high end android - few drawbacks are -
1. Camera's picture quality needs improvement
2. Intensity of flash is poor
3.Gallery is not manageable (I am comparing from Samsung Galaxy S-4 - my previous phone)
4. Music player - "Recently added" tracks option is not there
5. No option to add "favourite" contacts  
Till now - it is not hanged , once the sound of earphone gone but came back after a small slap (- 
0 
 Build quality is excellent 
Camera Awesome 
Fingerprint sensor is 100 % accurate
Charging is quick 
In short Phone is Super 
 very good phone in this price range.............good finger print sensor.....beautiful ui........average back camera......super design.......heating problem....poor front camera 
 Phone is O-SOME In 11K.... I had order last week today I had received phone only handfree is not there but charge is also 2 good.....   
 I got my #superphone 2 days back bought on #LeEco DAY...and i have to say this #superphone rocks...
The moment i hold my phone i was amazed, i have used many metal phones before but not like this one...
-Excellent build quality
-No heating problem
-No lags
-Viewing angles are great 
-Battery backup also good...
-And yes the fast charger...awesome full charge within a hour
-IR sensor working great
-Fingerprint sensor working great it does unlock phone very quickly. 
I'm totally satisfied with this phone... 
 hi friends i m using le 1s soo nyc samart phone looking awsome nd future very likely soo good nothing about tell us, soo nyc samart, phone thanks, all leeco team 
 USED THIS PHONE SINCE 2 WEEKS..BOUGHT IT INSPITE OF ITS NEGATIVE REVIEWS. 
WHAT I FOUND IS THAT THIS IS LITTLE INCONSISTENT.SOMETIMES ITS BATTERY PERFORMED WELL SOMETIMES ALL OF SUDDEN THIS GET HEATED SOMETIMES ALL IS GOOD 
BUT OVERALL I AM NOT REGRETED TO BUY IT.
IT IS A GOOD PHONE
AND YES.. 
1)ITS CAMERA IS NOT BAD AS I AM SEEING IN MANY REVIEWS...MIND IT ITS NOT A SLR....PICTURE QUALITY IS GOOD 
2)SOUND QUALITY GOOD
3)CALL QUALITY IS OK
4)FAST CHARGE FEATURE IS AWESOME REALLY CHARGES FAST
5)DISPLAY IS ITS BEST PART 
NEED SW UPGRADATION 
BATTERY BACK UP FOR ONE DAY FROM MORNING 10 TO EVENING 9 I STILL LEFT WITH 20% BATTERY WITH NET ON. 
 I have bought this phone last week, it fell and screen got broken, as it is metal body it is not taking the impact and glass is breaking with very little force. Now the replacement of screen is costing Rs.7000/-  
be careful before you book this phone. 
Battery is very poor you need to carry a charger always. 
 Its just looks otherwise phone is totally dump, some times fingerprint sensor dont work some times automatically vibration turn off some times it heats up..... 
 Metal body is OK , application also OK, speedy charging but camara quality is not up to the mark 
 I'm writing my review after 15 days of use. This phone is truly a Superphone at this price section and after recent S/W update there is no more heating issue with it. Don't go by negative reviews about it that it has poor camera, heating issue, Bad UI etc. Common guys don't expect DSLR like quality from a 11K phone & UI is simple & less complicated than stock Android overall EUI is good & it'll be better after few updates, as per LEECO they're going to roll out Marshmallow update for Le 1s in August. So now let's talk about its Pros & Cons 
Pros:
1. It's Metal unibody Design really makes it more eye catching than any other devices at this price section. It looks premium & more costly than its price & surely it'll grab people's attention whenever you take it out of your pocket
2. Best processing power with Helio X10 at this price point.
3. 3 GB of RAM which is great for multitasking 
4. Fingerprint Sensor gives an additional layer of security & works flawlessly.
5. 5.5" Full HD Display is Crisp 
6. Battery Backup is decent you'll get around 1 day of backup time with normal use & fast charging is working fine no issues with it
7. IR blaster is a great addition to this phone which works flawlessly & not found in any device at this price range.After you'd this phone you don't need to search for different remotes to control your TV,STB,AC,etc.  
Cons:
1. No External SD Card slot but it has 32 GB of internal memory out of which you'll get around 29.12 GB which is enough for most users.
Except this there's no other cons of this device. Again It's Value for Money 
 I used this mobile only 15 days,in this 15 days the mobile had so many problems.
1)main thing is phone is heating like a iron box,when you using this mobile(games,wifi,internet,calling,and any type) mobile will heat.
2)camera clarity is poor. 
 Cons:
1. LED notification is there with limited 4colours 
Issues/fixes required:
1.Automatically Wifi gets turned ON after a while plugging the charger
2.Automatically gets back to to back screen as if some one pressed the back button.
3.Need to upgrade default contacts app (it is not supporting many functionalities)
4.Software is occupying more RAM. though it is a 3GB RAM after installing few simple apps it get down to 1.2GB (software optimization is need to improve alot) 
Pros:
1.after citing all above issues i still loved the beauty piece as these are simple software related issues which can be fixed up in a later updates
2.Best in price range and Fabulous look
3.Best buy for the people who wants to have iPhone appearance. 
Recommendation:
I recommend the flipkart users to buy this gadget without any hesitation 
Review is done after using for 30days 
 Decent Battery Life . lasts for over 2 days with normal usage for facebook, whatsapp. quick charging , does full charge in 1 hour . camera quality average. 
 Great finger sensor and good metal body finish. Really like the display and sound quality is also nice. The LETV software layer has been given an iphone type finish which makes the navigation really easy and smooth. RAM has been good till now. 
 It's really awesome especially the price tag and unmatchable performance and going to rock indian market very soon. 
 It is an excellent phone, with a great set of features. Has all features of so called "Flagship Phones" and more. It scored 56k in Antutu, which is as good as Snapdragon 810. Charges blazing fast, it only takes about 40-mins to charge this phone from 1% to 99%. I bought this phone as a gift for my wife and she is in awe of this phone. I'm already using Galaxy S6 Edge and in my opinion it is truly giving edge a run for its money. 
If you are planning to buy Oneplus 2, Oneplus One, Xiaomi 4 or below, look no further. This is the phone for you. You will get either equally better or even better performance, while saving a lot of cash :) . 
 I have been using this phone from 20 days. I wanted a good performance phone. This was one at this price. The performance is been consistently good. Camera needs to be improved but not bad. Battery could have been better. But a overall really a very good phone at this price. 
 Received the product 10 days back. 
The Phone looks awesome much better than some of the much higher priced products. The battery has not been as bad as expected. A full change of the phone lasts about 1.5 days with normal usage,with 4G on. For the same kind of usage I used to charge my iPhone 5s once a day at least. The UI is also pretty good and user friendly. 
The audio quality can be a bit more better though. The quality of photos is not great but not bad either.  
Look and Feel: The look and feel is very attractive with a stylish body Rating : 5/5 
Weight: The phone is very light weight when compared to other phones in this cost range Rating : 5/5 
Fingerprint:The scanner works awesome Rating : 5/5 
eui: It works seamlessly and is very user-friendly. The phone colors and apps are very attractive Rating : 5/5 
Overall the phone is very good and I would strongly recommend this phone Rating : 5/5  
Customer Service: Is very quick and responsive.( Aaqib,Surabhi) 
 I was following Le mobile since it came in news. 
Finally got my Le 1S from Flipkart 5 days back.
My first expressions were "WOW" and fortunately the experience is consistently same.
I have been using high end Smartphones for over a decade now. I would admit that this is the BEST Smartphone I have ever seen, that too at such low price. 
I will not go into the specifications as they are already mentioned on the website. 
But I am surprised with some of the negative reviews. I have been using phone for 5 days now. Went through all the functions and used in every way possible.  
The phone DOES NOT HEAT as people have mentioned. 
The CAMERA is GOOD. Above average in every sense.
The BATTERY is GOOD. You can easily expect a full day average use. The Charging is at the BULLET TRAIN Speed.
The USER INTERFACE is very IMPRESSIVE. 
And above all the CUSTOMER SERVICE of LE Mobile is OUTSTANDING. They listen to you very patiently and provide instant and accurate solution. 
As always the (quick) delivery and (safe) packing of FLIPKART is 'THE BEST' 
I would recommend you to go for this Amazing Super Phone and the one thing that I am sure is that you will never regret... 
Thankyou FLIPKART, Thankyou LE Mobiles ... Keep it UP !!! 
 I got this device from first sale and using since then, I didn't faced any issue as of now,
1. Display is sharp and bright.
2. Battery backup is very good.
3. Sound is clear though Mobile speaker as well as headsets.
4. Finger print sensor is working very good.
5. Battery gets charged quickly. 
The only complaint I have is that I didn't find the option to select perticuler network type like 3G or 2G, even when you select 3G it gets change to 2G automatically. 
 I am completely happy with the build quality and all other features but when comparing the photos taken with my friends Lenovo A 7000 the photo clarity it is very much poor. Lenovo A7000 is having an 8Mp camera where Le has 13Mp camera. 
 I have done enough research before buying this phone and found this phone is the best we can get in this price segment. Many users are complaining about heating issues but I have seen only minimal heat in this device during heavy usage. The aluminum body adds up the heat as you would expect. Battery is another point everyone concerned about, to be frank you can expect the battery life for more than a day. During normal usage I still have 30-40% of battery left in end of the day before I go to bed. Performance is pretty good and it is comparable to many other flagship phones out there. Camera quality is good enough for both selfie and stills. Display is too good, best you can get in 5.5 TFT. You may take some time to get used to this new user interface as this is heavily customized. Highly recommended.. go for it.. 
 The Hype crated about this phone is Absolutely Hype....nothing real
Phones gets heated very quick and gets very hot
Lots of Lag while playing big games
THE BEST INSULT ABOUT THE PHONE IS THE INBUILT APPS STOP WORKING SOMETIMES eg: Clock, LeCloud 
Even the Finger print scanner in Coolpad is much better than this one 
Design 8/10
Performance 3/10
Camera 8/10 
Bottom Line: The Phone looks very Good, It doesn't work Good 
 1. Proximity sensor not up to the mark. Fails at a times
2. Display doesn't looks like gorilla glass 3 (Maybe lime soda glass)
3. heats up badly  
 Its all about LeTV Le 1S....
 Apart from its Premium Unibody slim look, nothing is impressive!!!
 Phone heating like Iron!! You can press your cloths!!! Or like pan, you can cook roti or omlet!!!
 Battery is draining like countdown counter while using 3G (especially after 60%).
 Camera quality is average, considering the specs like ISOCell and PDAF tech. Not look like at par.
 Promoting as Bezel less, however the black border doesn't look attractive.
 UI is not impressive at all. You can't use third party Launcher.
 Its promoting as Gold, but its copper shade rather than gold.
 OTG is not supported.
 No FM player.
 No External storage.
 It has 3 GB RAM but I had never seen 1+ GB RAM available. Everytime between 675-800 MB available. (I had installed only 12-15 apps, excluding heavy Games.) 
 .
 .
 I received this on Friday evening, take on hand up to 0100 AM late night and from 7;30 AM to 1100 AM use with 5 time 100% battery charging. Finally on Saturday, lodge complain for the same, the customer executive observe the device remotely and admitted the heating issue (48C internal temperature at 1900 Hrs night at winter night!!!) With fast battery drainage. And agreed for reverse pickup and refund as a distinct case.
 .
 .
 For further info. Please find review of ppl on Flipkart. Almost everyone complain about heating and camera. There may be other issue too. 
 I can't compromised RAM & battery and heating at 11k. Hope others too.
 Best of luck to current user of Le 1S and advice for others to avoid it. 
(Just One star for premium look and feel.) 
 The phone has heating problems.
Battery drains fast.
The screen looks like it will break easily.
Unibody implies the whole phone has to be replaced if anything goes wrong.
All in all if you want a mobile just for 1 year then go for this. 
 Couple of days back purchase device... 
1) Hardware wise preliminary seems ok. 
2) Software of the device is required to review, common features are not available like:
a) Group Messaging 
(Rating given on the basis of features of software)  
 This is an excellent phone interms of everything except camera. For a regular use, this phone is pretty good even battery is upto the expectation. 
 You no longer need to sell your kidney to purchase phone with best qualities and specifications. 10 days of use and i am very happy with performance. 
 I brought Le 1s on first sale (Feb 2nd). Writing review after 20 days of usage. 
First and best thing is its looks. It really has excelent looks.
Perfrmance till date is excellent. No lags. Internet is fast on both WiFi and Data network.
Finger print is awesome. Unlocks with in 1 second.
Display, Call quality, audio and touch are very good.
Out of 3GB, available ram 1.5gb. On heavy usage it did not go beyond 600MB free ram for me.
UI is pretty new for me and for a normal user for me, it is good.
Comming to Camera part, both rear and front are decent. I like the wide angle feature in front camera.
Baterry chanrges from 0 to 100 within 1hr 40 mins. Quick charge helps a lot.
Battery backup is of one day with 4G, WiFi, Calls, constant browsing and little games.
I feel little heat while playing heavy graphics games and while using gps. But it's okay to hold. Only at this point phone temparature reaches around 35C to 40C. Rest of the time it hangs between 25C and 30C. On idle it will be around 25C. 
Ofcourse, it's hot while charging...It happens with any quick charge enabled phone. 
Over all I am very much satisfied with the phone's performance and looks...My expectation with this phone was to have good call quality, performance while browsing, dispaly and decent camera. I got all these with 11K. Let me see how it goes in long run...  
 Build Quality :The Best Quality of this phone is the looks, Le 1s steals the show here. The bezel less display add more to the looks of the phone and makes it Premium looking. The device also feels premium in the hand. 
UI : LE 1s sports a custom UI developed in house by the Le Developers and seems to take a leaf out of the IOS. EUI feels and performs like the IOS without any stutters or lags in performance at first you might dislike the UI but as you spend some time on it it will grow on you. 
RAM: The device has 3 GB of RAM out of which 1.3 GB is available for usage on first boot. However , it comes up to 1.7 GB eventually. Even though you have less RAM there are no / minimum lags observered even during heavy gaming. 
Processor: The Device comes with a Helios X10 Octa core processor clocked at 2.2 Ghz which is one of the best processor at this point of time. It performs very good and fares much better when compared to the likes of Redmi Note 3 in benchmarks as well. 
Rear - The camera of the phone is also average (bit above average.) The camera struggles a bit in low light and artificial lighting conditions but it takes decent pictures in outdoor lighting conditions. 
Front - Front camera is just an average one. All selfies have a reddish tint brings down the quality and are very mediocre .Again, struggles to take good images in low light conditions but takes some nice pictures in Outdoor lighting conditions. 
P.S. - If you want a phone with camera as your priority, this phone is not for you. 
IR Blaster : This is one of the best features of the phone .. especially when you are binge watching TV series and are lazy enough to reach out for the remote :P.. 
The IR Blaster has a good number of pre-configured brands for TV, AC, Projector and also an universal remote which can be configured to our needs. 
Battery Life and Connectivity : The Battery is a Li-Polymer 3000 mah battery which is fast charged as the device has fast charging capability battery takes aroung 90 minutes to get charged and discharges pretty fast as well on high usage. And again this can be fixed through software optimization.  
Does the device heat ?? 
Yes it does heat up a bit but not so much that would cause trouble or damage to you or any internal parts. Normally from my experience your device might heat up more initially but a Factory reset should fix that. 
Customer Launcher on EUI ? 
If you don't like the inbuilt launcher from EUI you can use custom third-party launchers from the Play store . All you need to do is change the default launcher from the settings menu. 
Custom Camera APP ? 
As of now there is no support for customer camera apps on EUI.  
Over all the phones feels premium with good hardware at a competitive price point which definitely is gonna give the rivals a run for their money.. Only advise for LEEco India is to invest some with developers and users for feedback to bring a much better UI for better customer experience. 
Also please maintain your forums properly lot of bhakts and spammers spoilng your Name.   
 Good: Display, Fingerprint sensor
Average: Screen display in sunlight
Bad: Battery and Camera. 
Design and fingerprint sensor are good, but battery is under performing.  
With full charge, the phone battery lasts for 8 to 10 hrs on the normal usage. With very minimal usage (only moderate calls and msging), it comes around 30 hrs. 
And the camera picture quality is worst in low light conditions, which makes you not to rely on this phone camera when you go out for a trip.  
Above two things disappointed me a lot since as an average mobile user I mainly need a phone with good battery life and good camera quality. 
Apart from that display in outdoor conditions is average, I have to pull over in the tree shade to see who is calling me or to read a text message. 
My 2 cents are, if you want to own a phone with good camera and battery life, then you should not purchase this one.  
 I am using this phone from last 3 days and finally decide to give a review so that new buyers can buy this super-phone without any doubt.
Pros:
1) This phone build quality is so good,perfect look and design,It looks like iPhone 6s. only deference is that it has fingerprint scanner instead of apple logo.slim 7.3mm thickness seems perfect in hand. Sharp edges coating looks awesome.
2) Fast charging: I have charged my phone from 59% to 96% in just 26 min....And i love the USB cable come with this device.really guys Chinese are so brilliant,u can use this USB from both the sides no worry of getting stuck.
3) Display: The 403 ppi display with a high end full HD display giving more clear images
4) Battery backup: Battery backup is pretty good,i had played COC for 3 hour and the battery drain from 84% to 69%,which is enough for this price range.
5) I think samsung A8 has same specs but its price is 26k to 30k,even A8 don't have IR blaster.
he IR blaster working perfectly with any IR compatible devices.
6) MHL :
Very few phone are there coming with MHL feature,but in 11k u never get any other phone with MHL connectivity.
7)Type c USB cable is the latest 3.1 USB.
8) Processor,RAM ROm all r perfect,
9) Fingerprint scanner is so fast responsive.
10) Feedback: U can give feedback of any type of problem so that they can fix it in next update.
U can add max 5 fingerprint in this device and can take pic with any fingerprint either registered or NOT
i had connected my 2TB hard drive using OTG cable and it was playing a 4k video from my HDD without any lag.
 There is no end of pros of this phone. 
CONS: 
1) Non removable battery.
2) Bulky
3) When i'm going to switch from alarm to world clock the APP get closed."Unfortunately clack has stopped" .
4) Auto rotate is not working in every place.
5) Camera : Camera quality is really bad,and the recorded 4k video is well played in phone but having problem while playing it in laptop. 
In this price range this is the perfact phone.
have a look on phonecurry site so u can see that it is the best phone in range from 10k to 100k.(value of money).
no problem yet,feeling Loyal with this superphone.
Thank u letv.
4 star is only for camera bcoz other cones are minor. 
 Its looks lovely and handy, with all good features.
32 GB @ 11k is worth so much, its comes with a metal body giving a great look, quick charge is another plus.
Great service in shipping the product. 
 One of the worst mobile I ever used. Not charging 100% even after charging for 7hrs. Overheating, poor built quality. Within 24hrs of delivery of the device I asked for replacement or refund, Flipkart is telling to contact Service Center, who want to visit the service center within 24hrs of the purchasing of brand new Mobile...? Irresponsible answer from Flipkart, over claim from mobile company. I suggest you to not to buy this device at all. 
 everything is all right but camera is not good, sensor is good, speaker is fadu.....finger lock is not so good and if u setup this lock system you will face a screen error as i am facing......if u r buying this product for camera or photo taking purpose u will not get satisfied .........with this price of rs 11000 , there should be earphone and data cable, but only charger is there in the box with this mobile, so if u r investing as much price you should try some branded one , screen is 5.5 inch , it helps u study documents in easy way.........thanks 
 A brilliant mobile but not for heavy users. Had the battery been 4000mah or more nothing could beat this. Just by 5 PM one has to re-plug it. 
 The mobile is excellent , we can not expect anything more - Excellent Build , processor and memory as well as excellent display etc. I could not use same as needed a Volte mobile. Else Hope this is useful. 
 This phone is cute in look, very good design and its body finishing. Display is also good. Performance means normal speed is also good. Finger print feature is very good, audio and video quality is also good. But some areas are below average performance. 1. Camera: Not come in expectations. 2. Battery: 3000 mAh battery giving a bad performance, life is very short. 3. some times there is heating issue. 
 I have received my super phone Saturday 12pm . 100% satisfied in this device . some people wrong review in this phone but I really true review in this phone. Look premium 10/10, display 9/10, fingerprints scanner 9/10, camera average not to bad 7/10, performance 10/10, overall letv le1s is premium brand in 11k value for money 
 I am a heavy user, of-course I've changed 15 smart phones in one and half year And the conclusion is JUST GO FOR IT. 
I TEST ALL THE MOBILES IN ALL ASPECTS SUCH AS INTENDED GAMING, AND HEAVY USE, for testing. If you are a photography lover, than this is not for you, i mean in day light camera performance is above average and low light it is average i give 7/10. 
Here is a verdict.
Built Quality - 9.5/10. (But Slightly Slippery in hands) 
Display - 10/10. 
Video Player That given with Phone plays 4k videos smoothly i tested (10/10). 
Rear Camera -7.5/10.
Front Camera -7/10. 
Performance - 9/10.
Battery Backup - 8/10.
Fast Charge - 9/10 Decent Enough (0-85 percent in 1 and half hour)
Finger Print Sensor - 9.8/10. 
Call Quality - 9/10.
Loud Speakers - 8.5/10. (Quality is Impressive seems DTS Works).
UI - EUI Provides Slight Customization and also needs Improvements. 
But have bugs in itself but even Un-Noticeable.
As far the information i got, there will be an update to be rolled out through end of this month.
So surely update this review after installing that update.   
 This phone is worth every penny you invest on it. I received an OTA update on 17th Feb and the heating issue has been resolved. The battery like every other phone needs to be drained before recharging it to full, after few cycles the battery performance is up to the mark. I would recommend the phone without any second thought. For 11k this phone is astounding. 
 I Remember When I Was waiting for 12 noon on 9th feb to buy this superphone 
Its like some kind of WAR is going on to buy this phone.
I am using this phone from more than a week now It gives Immense Pleasure to write review for this superphone LETV LE 1S. 
First of all Its all About Its LOOK
mobile looks very attractive with its full metal uni-body. Few People Ask Me Whether it is I phone Or Wat. Display is big and gives awesome experience for watching HD video's
Fingerprint Scanner Is second good thing is in this phone. it is Accurate Bang on 
Also the remote control IR works good.
Phone sound quality is also good & clear
UI is bit different but Attractive Easy to Use
Also The SLO-MO (slow motion) is Fabulous but It could have been Better.
battery Life Is Not Bad I am Using 3g & wifi on this phone whole day it gives 10 hrs of battery life with 15 % left for rest of time 
But same if you Enable phone's Battery Assistance It will surely give 14-15 hrs battery life but the difference is your Background Processes will be stopped you will receive messages of watsapp when you will open watsapp.
Camera is one disadvantage of this phone. camera is not up to the mark it struggle in low light also the front camera is not so good but outdoors picture quality is good 
storage is 32 GB but you will get 24 gb to use & out of 3 GB Ram almost 1 GB system acquires
Fast Charging is good but 1st day when i charged it took less than 1 hour to charge from 15% to 100% & 2nd time when i charged from 0 % to 100% it took 1 1/2 hrs 
Strange but good Enough.
Apps are working good not even a single app is crashed phone didn't hang till now.
Sound Recording Quality is also good.
Overall You Get A 30K Phone In just 11k thats really Awesome  
Go For this Blindly But dont buy this for camera but other features are really worth it 11k 
Thanks for Reading   
 receive my handset yesterday. Mobile is heating too much even in normal use. i have tried all 3g/2g networks. i have not installed any apps and games as of now. but still it is heating. thats a serious issue. 
 Camera horrible . Display not upto the mark Go for any other budget smart phone. Don't believe in the vide advertisement 
 Le 1s has been priced so aggressively, that in spite of carrying a Rs 10,999 price tag, it can easily give a Rs 20,000 smartphone a run for its money. Trust me, I'm not exaggerating here.  
Key Points to be taken into consideration:
> Hardware & Build Quality
As soon as you take out the device and hold it in your hand, it screams metal and premium. It is a slab of metal wrapped in Gold color with complete glass (Gorilla Glass 3) covering on top of the display. The build quality is top-notch and you will fall in love within an instant. The engineering precision reflects in the handset. Long story short, it has the best build quality ever for a Rs 11,000 phone and it is so good, that it beats many so-called flagship devices as well.
> Display
I have seen Full HD panels under Rs 10,000 budget range in the past as well but they are not even half as good as the one found in Le 1s. Anyone will love to consume rich content on this immersive 5.5-inch display and it is currently the best display in this segment.
> Performance, Fingerprint sensor & Gaming
There is no lag or no throttling in performance in general day-to-day tasks or playing high graphics games. Most applications performed really well and I did not face any problem. The credit goes to the software as well as it is very fluid and responsive and does not have any major bugs.
Fingerprint Sensor is is very fast and accurate as other sensors in the market and you can also click pictures using it.
I have played Asphalt 8, Mortal Kombat X, Modern Combat 5, Marvel Future Fight and other casual games on the device to test out its gaming capabilities. It did not disappoint and performed like a flagship device.
> Heating
A first time user using a metal smartphone will certainly feel the heat compared to a device made up of plastic but they should not worry as its quite normal. Also, the phone cools down in less than 5 minutes when left idle. 
Final Verdict:
If youre looking to get a budget device (Rs 10,000  Rs 20,000) and want to have a smooth experience. The Le 1s will give you a brilliant looking device with a fantastic display, near perfect software experience with awesome performance. A great camera that supports 4K video recording, a super fast fingerprint sensor and great battery life with fast charging support (fast charger included). It looks too good to be true and wI do not blame you. LeEco is selling the device at loss since the BOM (Bills of Material) cost of the product is around Rs 16,000. 
Le 1s is now a benchmark in the budget Indian smartphone market and it will be very difficult for other companies to give this product a run for its money. 
 Overall review of this phone is below average.
Bulid: Phone build is nice. Looks good and premium.
Screen: Screen resolution is good which displays high clarity/quality video.
Camera: Font camera is poor. Photo doesnt seems good. In Low light, camera performs very worst. Main Camera is same like front camera. Main camera is average when u take pics outside, inside it performs poor.
IR blaster: It is a new feature. But it doesnt work properly. It have almost chines brands only. And it will works with 2 mtrs.
Sound: Sound effects of this phone is above average. 
Call quality: Call quality is below average. Couldnt get clear voice.
Touch: touch experience is very smooth and feels gud.
Finger Print sensor: It is okay. But not like Coolpad note or Honor 5x. these 2 phone finger print sensor is better than Letv le 1s. And sometimes, finger print sensor is not working when phone gets heat.
Battery backup: Battery backup is wrost. Even 2000mAh battery is better than this. Battery drain like anything. If you are using wifi, battery will stand for 90 to 100 mins. Even, if you are not using Data/wifi/games/much phone calls, battery will stand for 10 hrs. 
Fast Charging: it is happening when you should not use ur mobile while charging. Otherwise, fast charging is not happening, charging like tortoise walk. 
EUI (software): EUI is worst. They installed 2 gallery, 2 music player, 2 media player, etc., I dnt know why this letv people wasting memory like this. They didnt even provide external memory card slot. Normal android OS will be suit for this mobile. Their customized os is very poor.
RAM and CPU: simply average. 
Heating issue: Phone is heating up like anything. In peak, temp of this mobile is more than 45C. I didnt even switch on my letv le 1s mobile when I brought, phone is getting heat like anything while charging.
Note: Phone is not sealed (which can be used to identify whether it is a new phone or not.) But here they covered letv le 1s mobile by low quality plastic paper. So, I am not sure about that u may get returned mobile or refurbished mobile.
Maximum issues are software issues only. If they fix these thing, this mobile will be ultimate at this price range.  
 After using phone fr 5 days :
First Cons : Camera behaves like 5MP and Display in Bright Light not visible much.
No headphones Provided.
Pros: Beats one plus in looks and performance wise awesome Looks.
Charging : 100% in just 20-25 mts. 
Battery lasts whole day .
I got only back of Phone Laminated as back is prone to scratches. 
Clarity of Voice,Super Speaker.
Multitasking easy,Heavy games an issue and it doesn't heat up as many have said.
People as which phone is this.  
 Very Good mobile for its price. Very Good finishing and rich look. The operation is very smooth. A good deal. 
 I got this cell in second flash sale and get in hand on 13th Feb , my honest review after using it 5 days 
The people who are confused in between letv 1s and lenovo k4 note , honestly there is no comparison ,no doubt this is best bcoz of its processor and premium look like I phone 
I'll talk first abt its battery ,heating and camera Performance bcoz it is the major concern of every one 
CAMERA: its camera is aswm in outdoor condition and it takes some decent pictures in also indoor condition but some tym it lags in low light which u can ignore but no phone in this range can give u 4k recording and slow motion recordings so camera is 7/10  
BATTERY: I heard before purchasing it...it has worst battery but after using i can say it changes my view 
Honestly if u r a heavy user like me still u can use this for at least 6 hours screen on tym 
And at stand still condition it is amazing I charged it at 65 % in night and I get 64 % in morning 
One more suggestion change it to 100 % then again charge when it reaches below 20 % it will give u a longer battery backup 8/10 
FAST CHARGING : it the best thing which u gonna like. It takes 70 min to charge ur battery to 100% from 10% 10/10   
HEATING: there is no heating problem as I heard before , it warm up little bit not very time may be because of metalic body 9/10 
I don't think so u have any doubt about it's look and its processor 
Its look is amazing it gives a premium look when u hold it in hands and its processor is too good helio 10x which is used in HTC phone Worth's 34000 
Igaming exp is too smooth and butterly far better than lenevo k4 note
 Ty...for reading it.. 
 It's a fantastic phone with superb features and a great price tag, worth everything, can beat iphone and samsung in features, these mega brands will crash soon as Letv has very reasonable pricing tag and a mind blowing phone 
 First of all thanks to flipkart for fabulous delivery. I got the phone within a day of ordering. 
Comes to performance part. Yesterday i got the phone and installed all my apps. Multi-tasking is very good... Touch performance is Wow. Finger print sensor is great and very easy to access.. 
I will keep to update on pros and Cons after using the mobile for week.. 
 Display - 10/10
Camera- 0/10 ( faulty Camera Not working )
Look & Body - 10/10 ( Look like Premium )  
If You Are Looking for Good Camera Then Dont by this Phone
all over good But camera is Not good 
 The Phone at this rate and at this price... Cooool
But the battery back up is pooooor
really poor
I recieved Letv 1s on 6th Feb. after 11 days i felt happy about the phone and its looks.speakers are good
HD quality good
runs at a good speed but ony on 4g and 3g somesort of lags.
 but the battery backup and the camera is not upto mark
the camera is seems to be 13 mp but it doesnot look so
a small shake can cause a large blurred effect on the camera 
but as a daily user i am happy with this Letv  
 This phone looks awesome. However i have some concern with flipkart regarding delivery and it was delayed too much. flipkart customer support sucks always and they are never helpfull for you. here I am writing for phone so just let you know that this is the best looking phone in this price range. best configuration and rich look. phone is getting heated while charging or using it. Heating is high so need update on this from Letv to get this resolved earliest. however its operations are smooth even while playing heavy games and browsing internet as well. Battery drains faster. charged from 10% to 100% in just 65 minutes. battery and heating concerns should be resolved. 
 Hi All, I bought this phone and all worked fine. Today (18/Feb/2016) I got the system update notification. I just done the update and after that I see the system is bit lagging and the finger print scanner stopped working. 
 After 6 Days of Usage : 
What i FEEL  
Pros : 
1. BUILD QUALFITY (SUPERB)
2.CALL QUALITY ( VERY GOOD)
3. PERFORMANCE (ROCKET)
4. NO LAGS AT ALL ( BUTTER SMOOTH)
5. DISPLAY ( GOOD)
6. FINGER PRINT ( AWESOME - BUT LIMITED APPLICATION as of Now)
7. FAST CHARGING ( NOT SUPER FAST)
8. REAR CAMERA ( BETTER THAN AVERAGE)
9. No Heating problem at all (Touch wood) 
CONS : 
1. FRONT CAMERA - NOT GOOD ( Can be improved )
2. UI can be improved ( its ok as of now) but needs lot of features 
3. Battery not good boz of screen and processor (its just ok) ( Hoping will be improved via OTA updates) 
But Guyz Every Phone has some Disadvantage. But at this price its superrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr .... Just Grab one  
 Asual Flipkart fast delivery.... thanks for that.. come to the product..
I was waited around 3 weeks for the product...
finally, got delivered..  
one of the good product for the letv...
However, the camera quality not satisfied......
getting heat within 5 min usage...
not satisfied with the product.........
Not worth for the money.... 
 aha,,its fantastik phone, very easy to operate each n every function, first doubtfulwith the price and 
features but at this price and features its great product. 
 Le TV 1s is one of the best phone available in the market. I could not restrict myself to purchase. I tried in 1st flash sale but i managed to add to cart. Display, finger print sensing and universal remote control are unique feature in this phone. I will recommend this product. 
 After using this mobile for 10 days i am giving the review 
Display - 8/10
Battery - 8/10, i have changed the display brightness to 25% and i am getting 24-36hrs backup. In first 2 days battery drain very fast.
Sound - 7/10
EUI - 5/5, some bugs are present, whenever video is played it will show black screen after completion of video
Camera - 8/10, good pictures are captured in good lighting conditions. During night time pictures are not captured with good light, need to improve in FLASH of the mobile 
Fingerprint - not able to record the fingerprints, more info should be provided in the user manual about it which is currently missing. 
Charging - Its taking 45 - 60minutes for charging the mobile from 15% to 100%
Overall Value for money mobile when compared to other brands which are expensive     
 This is amazing product & value for money.
Buying from Flipkart has been an amazing experience.
would love to continue shopping for more products.
Thanks! 
 Its the best mobile in this range.  
Its the best looking mobile with good build quality. It definitely looks much costlier than it is actually. 
As many are complaining about the camera, i would like to add that camera is not bad at all. Its just that the expectations are high. The camera is decent and clicks some good photos. It struggles a bit in low light but still clicks decent photos. 
There is no over heating. The mobile gets hot during charging because it supports fast charging. While playing games or in regular use it just gets warm which is quite normal due to octa core processor. 
The battery backup is also good. It lasts full day with normal usage and still shows 25% remaining... 
The processor is really fast. Used it for 4 days but never hanged and plays all the heavy games smoothly. I have even tried Dead Trigger 2 which runs smoothly. 
For now there is no better option than this under the price of 20K. Best mobile....Go For It... 
 I was looking for a decent mobile with good looks on flipkart for very long. Finally narrowed down to Gionee S6 and just when I was about to click the purchase button I saw the Flash sale ad for Le 1S. It looks just like Gionee but half the price. I went to compare section and wow.. I was amazed to see that this mobile had similar or higher features at a lower price point. 
ive been using this for last 2 days (received in second flipkart flash sale).. I must tell you that im very happy with the product. Flipkart was quick to deliver, the packaging was like an I phone 6, the charger works beautifully fast and the interface is very cool. It had Android Lollipop and decent EUI. Processor works pretty fast, sometimes I see a lag in the botton front panel buttons.. but that's it. 
I get the feeling that im holding a premium phone in my hand when im using it.. my last words on this mobile are - It's Got the look!!! - Thank you flipkart :-) 
 Bought it for my friend. His views are below:
1. Good build quality.
2. Average Camera and Flash (not at par with his Mi4)
3. Good Cellular Quality
4. Excellent Gaming Performance
5. UI needs some polishing. 
Overall the most value for money phone in the market today. 
 Its a best deal and one of superb purchase of my life. there is a great features and amazing experience to use Letv Le 1S such a wonderful phone at a cheap price....... 
 Updated Review- 
Now, after the replacement, the phone over heated, resulting some green liquid from the charger, and also a crack on the screen.. Flipkart, this is seriously not done!! I have been facing problems since the time I have made an attempt to buy this phone. 
 SUPERB PHONE....MORE THEN WE THINK....
ITS BUDGET PHONE WHERE U GETTING EVERYTHING....
GO THINK THAT MUCH ..U NEVER GET IN 10 K ....
THANK YOU FLIPKART FOR EXCELLENT DELIVERY...  
 anyone having any problem with screen brightness or heating, just Reset the phone once.Even most of the bugs will be solved after this.The camera is not that bad as I have read in many reviews(Use tap to focus for and hold on for a sec for better pics). 
Display 10/10
Performance 10/10
Sound O/p 8/10
Battery 7.5/10
Camera 7/10
Fast charging 9/10
Looks 10/10
Build Quality 10/10 
Verdict - You cannot ask more for a 11k phone and can compete with any 20k phone in the market. 
 At a price band of 11K, best of the features are loaded to the phone and is definitely superior to any of its nearby competitor.
Build quality is very good with a crystal clear picture clarity.
Performance of the phone is good too. Didn't find any lag or delay.
All new UI (EUI) provided on the phone is really easy for multitasking operation and other related operations too.
LeEco must improvise on the camera clarity (pics from primary camera doesn't seem to be 13MP). 
 Mobile look and build is awesome. And has more handy features as per price.
performance for cpu very good you will feel that apps open very fast.
But the camera and EUI not good. camera really disappointed me 13mp pixel looks only for show off.
But overall package considering the price still good. 
 full hd display is good..finger print sensor 8 out of 10 times working flawelessly
i experienced no lag so far....full metal..Built quality is simply awesome...Fully charged battery from 0% to 100% it took exactly 1hour.. 
 After using this phone from past 10 days I must say please buy this phone..no lag no hang very minor heating with this kind of specs under 20k just go 4 it And dont listen fake reviews ... bestest deal under 20k..#Superfan 
 Camera clarity is not good it's like normal picture and display also very low brightness.
it's front camera and back camera is not very well.
software is ok. not that much expertise. it's a normal phone. 
I am not satisfy this phone. 
 I am one of the lucky ones to get this phone on 2nd flash sale. Hats off to Flipkart for prompt delivery ahead of promised date 
Review after 2 days of use 
- Premium specs which even an high end phone does not possess
- Sleek metal body finish and ligh weight
- We can configure home appliance remote in this phone
- Can store many different scanning options for finger print scanner
- If you are moving IOS to this OS, the transition will be seamless since you will have the same look and feel 
Just go for it without any second thoughts, you are getting a beast for the price paid !  
 Friend go for this... you will love to use it and its speed is awesome.
I have used it... its camera is amazing.. 
 Excellent Mobile . .Good Design . Satisfied with Speed and Perormance Value for Money . Go for it :) 
Received Product on time. 
 i gets broken , when falling from 1 feet height,i am not satsified,outer body is also low quality,no service centers are there, any others who buying this , be careful, dont put it down 
 After 2 Days Of Using i found That this Phone is Real Killer. 
1.Performance is Awesome Opens Heavy Apps Very Quick.
2.Touch is Very Smooth and Clear.
3.Camera Quality Also Very Good Both Rear & Front (Don't Believe on fake Comment. if You Facing Problem Reset ur Phone with Hard Reset & Factory reset with SD Card your problem will solve. me Compare camera with Mi4i and found that LETV 1S is More Powerful)
4.Phone Come with Type-C USB Cable(USB 3.1). don't confuse which side plug in PC And Mobile.You can plug both side.(Interesting Feature)
5.Earphone Sound Quality is Average.. (if you are Music Lover Xiaomi is best ) 
NO OTHER MOBILE COMPANY GIVES THIS TYPES OF FEATURE IN 11K BUDGETS 
THREE WORDS ONLY ---GO FOR IT--- 
 premium budget phone.
pros.
1. looks and feels like great phone. 
2. finger print sensor is cool feature.
3. IR Blaster works well. 
4. battery is working well enough even in wifi and 3g 
not fimilier with EUI yet. but not a big issue.
not a big heating issue with me till now
cons 
1. camera is just a more than average one.
2. system ate up more than half of RAM around 1.6 GB. it's quite a irritating thing. 
overall a great option for a heavy budget phone if u r not concern about camera. 
 3 days of using.
1. Battery: It takes 45 minutes to charge full.Worked decently uptill 36 hours. Not much usage on internet. Heats up a little while charging but ignorable...all phone do.
2; Design: Right on your face Iphone 6s...at least 5 people got confused if it is Iphone..looks are excellent. and the full metal body gives it a gkow.
3. Touch: Sometime I feel I do not have to touch the phone at all, just place your fungure and it gets it...its smoother than any phone I have used..
4. Camera: Decent, not good for a 23 mp but decent...used addon apps to enhance photo graphs works well.
5. Fingur censor: The best in class.
6. Sound Quality: I had to reduce the volume..its bang on, and you can hear the minutes beats on a good ear plugs..
7. Apps: Almost all apps are working.working. Didnt see any not working till yet. I have about 20 of them installed already.
8. Gaming: Boy oh boy..its flawless..heats uo a little but again ignorable...trust me you would want to install some games on this phone.
9. Memory: well you get 24gb, space good enough for me. RAm almost 1 gb free good enough for processing.
10.Weight: Avg, easy handleling.
11. Call quality: Amazing  
It has a bit of heating problem..but a good phone
All in all an excellant phone all together for this price range..couldnt have asked for more. if you want a good camera phone and expandable memory ...this phone is not for you.   
 Phone looks classy. Premium finish and build. Only let down I feel is the camera.(or maybe since I am using Oppo N1, I feel it is not upto the mark)
Fast charging is superb. Better than Oppo's. Sound is pretty decent. Call quality very clear. Phone did heat up a bit while updating all apps together, but since that can be sorted out by an update i have no issues with that. 
Overall,at this price, you can't get anything better :) 
 LeTV Le 1s  the hottest phone of 2016  has delivered on most of my expectations 
The overall feedback on the Rs 11,000 phone has been as expected: It offers superb value for money and can give competition to any model priced less than Rs 20,000 in India.  
I got lucky to get one in the 2nd flash sale.  
> The metallic construction gives the phone a nice heft, and despite a 5.5-inch 1080p IPS display dominating its front, it is stretched almost to the edge of the frame to keep the size manageable. The phone comes with 3GB of RAM, dual-sim support and 32 GB of internal storage  
> For a budget phone, it is packed to the gills, with 13MP back and 5MP front cameras, a fingerprint sensor (with a nice-looking mirror finish), an IR blaster for remote control capabilities, and USB C with fast charging which works absolutely great.  
> Turn it on, and its hard not to appreciate how good the display is. The colours are nice and bright, and even the blacks are deep to the point where onlookers suspected it might be an AMOLED panel rather than IPS. It is rather reflective, but holds up well even in bright sunlight, though the brightness control shows erratic progress, with moderate levels even up to 75 to 80 per cent and a jump in the level towards the extreme end of the slider. EUI also offers a few different display modes such as vivid and natural.  
> On the topic of EUI, unlike most manufacturers, it is very simple/clean design, with the app drawer being absent, and a tap on the app switcher key displaying the Control Center, which houses toggles for important functions and app shortcuts, along with brightness slider and the list of running apps, which are arranged horizontally.  
> Performance, despite the skin, was commendable, with the Helio handling heavy-multitasking with ease. Heavy gaming is not a problem either, and neither is overheating. All things considered, the 1S handles itself well for the segment it is in.  
Final Word:
Le 1s is a flagship phone which can be bought without further thoughts nor shelling much out of your pocket (P.S Only if you are lucky enough to get one though ;-) )   
 Le 1s is one of the budget flagship by Letv which was launched recently in India and everybody were eager to get their hands on small beast.
Luckily, i was able to get it on their 2nd Flash sale and my goodness, as soon as i saw the device, i felt like OMG! 
Le 1s is priced at 10999/- and the features available is amazing. 
Full metal uni-body, fingerprint sensor, USB type-c fast charger and it charge your phone within 90 mins, Helio X10 processor and 3GB RAM and 32GB ROM which is exceptional for gamer's and works well for multitasking. 
and the eUI is fantastic. 
Perfectly build quality and perfect software for the device. 
Amazing device by Letv.   
 This is best value for money one can get at this price point. Design and looks of phones are superb..only one downfall is its UI is not as good and customizable as Miui...if they focus there it would be wonderful.....  
 everything seems to be perfect
perfect design
perfect performance 
the only problem with camera is it's not good under low light situation. 
 I had bought this on 9th Feb and I got it on 11th and according to my knowledge and my requirements, the phone is awesome for me. 
 I got this phone on 10th Feb ..thanks for FLIPKART to quick delivery ... 
Coming to phone ...I was extremely very happy with this product ...thanks to LETV. 
Love this phone ..more than I phone 
 Its amazingggggggggggg phoneeee.
Worth to invest price and I do have trust on Le Eco.... I called their customer care and I got the best service from them on call.. they explained me the features clearly.
I am reallyyyyyy satisfied. 
 The phone is no doubt best looking in this price range. On paper specification are great too!
My only qualm is regarding two things - 
1. Camera - both front and rear camera could have been little better in performance (need software optimization). I cannot see myself taking any worthwhile picture and sharing it. 
2. Battery sometimes heats a little bit. But please note it shouldn't bother many users as the heating is very rare and happens on the top section, away from the part where you will hold the mobile. 
I am sure all the pros have been noted down by many more reviewers in this section, so just one thing from my side, if camera is not your priority then phone should fit your bill just fine. 
I am giving 3 star and will revise the rating if and when the camera updates come through. 
 Upgraded from my Mi3.
You will have to give time for the co. to tune the eui via the ota updates, I gave mi3 almost 2 years and Miui grew from Awful miui v5 to Awesome Miui v7.
Give them time and you will enjoy the phone. 
Pros...............
Amazing Screen, Black is Truly Black.
Fast charging is awesome.
Fast n accurate Finger print scanner.
Awesome build quality.
No lags.
Battery backup is same as Mi3 ie 4 go 5hrs Sot.
Camera is good (If u know to click pics). 
Cons..............
Heating (will be solved via ota updates from Feb 21)
Ui needs tuning
Music player app is waste
Minor bugs. 
If you liked the design and you are an average user then just go ahead and buy the phone, do not listen to haters, 
Remember even Xiaomi faced same issues and now all is well in Xiaomi... 
New company phone is like a Journey, which both you and the company have to walk together and enjoy.
I enjoyed the journey with Xiaomi for 2 years, now it's time for Letv. 
 I am fan of Apple. Once i have seen the spec of Le1s and bought this phone. This phone is almost all equal to I Phone 6s plus. All the features and other apps are similar. I did not find any techincal issue as on now. I have seen all reviews of our friends regarding heating and camera issues. I spoke to the Le customer care and understand that the UI patch is coming on 21/2/16. So I hope all the big issues will resolve. With 11K you cant expect no of features and quality. But Hatsoff to Le Management, they have introduced with high quality phone with low budget. 
v s murthy 
 super smart phone
----------------------------------------------------------
>positive points
----------------------------------------------------------
1.looks are very premium and official.
2.Touch is very responsive and Ultimate.
3.No lags when playing high end games like nfs mw,real racing 3,asphalt 8,gta..etc
4.Corning gorilla glass.
5.Infrared sensor.
6.battery survives pretty good in super saving mode.(fast charging is a plus)
7.Fingerprint Scanner is great.
8.Charger quality is great. 
>Negetive points
----------------------------------------
1.Heats way too much(57-60 c) when playing asphalt 8.
2.Slippery backpanel(must buy a back cover).
3.Camera quality is not good at indoor..However,its looks ok in outdoor.
4.Many people dont like EUI as it does not have menu and other options.
5.Few Bugs..like playstore says no internet connection sometimes..so have to open it again.
6.Audio Output through headpones arent too good..(tested with senheiser and skullcandy)  
 The product got awesome looks and features, also impressed with the touch response and fingerprint sensor which is super sensitive. 
 1.Phone is very good,
2. Charging is very fast with in 45 mins full charge is done.
3. Power Back up also very good
4. Back Camera is ok
5. Frent Camera flash is not available
5. Finger Printer Scanner is good.
6. Manual is given but not much options. If you provide the options manual also good.
7. In built option is very less we need to down load all things.
8. Mobile tracker is not available.  
9. Return policy is not good. if you get any problem they will say we can replace with in 30days. if will get same problem for new pice they will say we don't have stock now. we can replace the money. this is bad thing. 
If you improve the Mobile tracker option and flash for frent camera any body can not beat this phone.   
 First , Kudos to Flipkart for such a fast delivery !!!
coming to phone - nice looks , sturdy , solid built and easy UI . So far so good with performance , battery , display and sound. 
Only thing i would mention is unusual heating which i never experienced in my previous Samsung Galaxy s4 but rest is at par. 
Go for it guys , you will love it. 
 Just awesome mobile. Gold one looks very attractive and makes us to feel proud. Features are just excellent. Thanks Le Eco for a wonderful mobile. 
 Better product for money but heating while playing games... other than that performence and camera clarity is good... 
 1 day delivery was great with FLipkartFirst advantage. 
Every specification at its best. Fully satisfied.  
Flawless design and display. All my smartphone needs satisfied. 
Full metal design will give you minor shocks while plugged into unearthed ports. Careful. 
Hope there will be consistent software support... With that, Le 1s is the SMARTPHONE OF THE YEAR 
 Awesome phone from letv or leEco, whatever Chinese company as know them. But the product is best in class meaning in the price range, nothing gets better except 1. Memory card 2. No VoLte support. 
Flipkart is as awesome as always. 
 I am using this super smart phone and guys you know what everyone stare at my phone, asking about it, really please go for it becoz letv create really awosum smartphone. it looks killer, handling, battery backup, performance superb...really i a lucky to have this super phone.. really i am loving it.. 
 Best in class hardware.
Best performance.
Hope software probs are fixed by updates.
Furthur there was an udercut on lower panel of the phone metallic body.
I believe in LETV and hope they release updates soon for battery and camera enhancements and other bug fixes. 
 Purchased the phone during first flash sale.Build and design is excellent.Display is very sharp and has good colour reproduction.Phone gets a bit warm while using the camera and running heavy apps..Camera quality is also good but, not very good in low light conditions but still it is acceptable.The phone charges very quickly.No lag at all.Fingerprint sensor is nice. Anyway it is an excellent phone. 
 I got the mobile in first time registration, its really outstanding to use & looking fabulous, 
was really excited to got this, lots of thanks.
 100% 
 I have purchased this phone on first flash sale. When I get the phone Mic is not working properly. The person in other end can't hear anything. So I submitted request for replacement. But the seller contacted me and asked to do factory reset and recheck. 
Fortunately it works and MIC is not bad.
Pros:
Look
Fit & Finish
UI
Charging
Finger Print Sensor 
Cons:
Camera
Mic(Can be better)   
 good battery life actually.. for other users advise empty ur cell phone battery around 2-3% then after full charge .. you get good battery life. 
and one more software update relies after 21st Feb  
2= love finger print scanner lock 95% accurate. 
3= display is awesome smoothly play 1080p videos and graphics  
4= sound is good equalizers ( i used MI earphones ) dts sound quality 
5 = Best feature fast charging and IR blaster almost all device operate. if not listed make it customize your remote control. 
6= phone is looks very premium like iphone 6 plus , built quality is also awesome. 
bad thing - (may be improve in future )
1 = EUI is very out dated its very simple no spl effects and so on. request to update software UI and design like MIUI iterface  
2= user memory use only 25 GB only. 
3 = RAM its 3 gb ram but its shows some time 1.5 usable or less then sooo improve software bugs 
5 star rating for hardware and design  
other wise phone ROCKS
(NOTE : this reviews wrote use cell phone after 5 days )    
 mobile is good and fast charging, but it battery draining fast,when browing and using 3g network, camera also superb and full hd and additional option is finger print pad for good security 
 It is an awesome at this price. However the heat issue is a big disaster. You can't even hold the phone in your hand due to the high temperature. Heating starts at basic functionality itself like browsing and camera, foget about gaming..... Now the battery, you have to keep your powerbank handy, if you want to keep the phone alive for a single day with 2G enabled.  
 How can I describe about this phone, if its a single word then i would say " Awesome" . guys words can not always carry the feelings, go buy it. then feel the difference from other cacophony making phones ...this is only I can say! 
 this is good configuration mobile also fast charging .... finger print sensor & IR sensor working well i have install lava X9 tempered grass perfectly fixed this is available in market.. 
 Premium Metallic body. Fingerprint scanner works effectively. No lag found during multi-tasking. Screen size is huge and HD display is quite good. Camera quality is excellent. 
 Yes. 
This is indeed great phone in the Android All over. I have received this on Saturday evening since then I am using the phone and I could easily compare that Flipkart reviews are not so real as most of complaining the problems which are not to be called as problems rather bugs can be improved soon with some changes.  
This has all you need out of the box but all you don't want list of good feature on hand rather they should work with you in all manner for your daily driver so LeEco must work to improve the OS that would solve all other problems easily. I hope you all agree to this.  
I am promoting this to each of the person in my family and they all are fan of this La APPle. I would write soon full review soon with needed improvements. If you have any query to particular area please ask. Rather camera, battery and heating are not so major issues. Just don't use the mobile while charging, capture photos during daylight and let your ROM to be adjusted for daily use. Low light photos can be improved with little trick and setting but OS improvements are necessary. Please feel free to ask any question. See you soon with good review of the phone.  
So much happy to have LeEco India. I would complain to LeEco just one thing that if You could have give me LeEco Logo rather than LeTv on the back I would have been more inspired with the company. But in the price of this I am getting Indian Android Apple for all middle class users.  
Thank you so o o o o o much flipkart. . . . 
 Great mobile in 11k ,but front camera is poor and RSM management is also very very poor
 letv Improve your ram management otherwise phone great in look and design, touch is very responsive .overall performance is excellent.world clock is not responding (crash).fingerprint sensor is good not excellent. Camera image not do detailed .build in apps music player is not auto rotate. But I think you must be a proud owner of this smartphone. So buy it on next sale. Thank you.  
 Design 10/10
Charging 10/10
Battery 8/10
Software 6/10 
Camera Rear 6/10
Camera front 2/10(feel like VGA)
 So much noise in both camera even try with try-prod   
 My letv phone gets warm when camera is used for few minutes and also when charging the phone and sometimes gets heat when browsing...I guess letv will look into this heating issues 
 I have used Letv last two days.mixed review on this.
While using internet it is heating and other features are awesome . 
Pros-hhu 
 Looks wise it is too good ,
Fingerprint scanner works like a charm,
Out of 3GB RAM we will get only 1 GB free ,
Battery charging at 1% per 1min ,
Gets heated on playing games or using camera
Front camera not good (worst)
Rear camera is better 
Switching between apps is good
Battery is good 
Audio output is from only one side other side is only for looks but audio is loud 
Except front camera, heating problem it is way better than any phone in this range 
 this phone is very good at 11k price segment 
pros :
1.the build quality: this all around metal looks stunning and looks a like phone with 25000 or plus price slick design bzill less display . looks awesome 
2. obvio the finger print scanner which is pretty fast i must say and accurate most of the time and u can add at most 5 fingers max
3. is the proceessor helio x10 octacore NO LAG AFTER INSTALLNG MORE THN 50 APPS 
4.Charging time 0-100% in 80 85 min Again Amazing 
5.touch capative button below are bcklit A plus Point
6.speaker is very LOUD onlu one on the right side
7. type c charging 
8.camera is descent in low light but in natural light is too good 
cons:
The battery backup is sort of avg
not very good nor bad 
i m sure they will provide update to solve this issue asap ..plz  
 LeEco thanks for making this world class device at this cost...screen quality look stuning games playing smooth no hang or lagg at all camera average hope future updates may solve the issue and build quality extra ordinery in this price range...no heating issue guys until ur phone charge 100% dont use it.Go for it definetly a good choice 
 1st day and First Impression:
Pros: 
1. First thing I want to tell you that phone is designed beautifully....Unibody metal Shell gives you a premium & solid feel like iphone. I have used iphone for 6 months. I don't know about the quality of the metal but it looks sturdy enough. 
2. Size of the phone is very sleek. I am now using Galaxy Note 4 and my mom using Redmi Note 4G. I have measured the phone with these two phone and see that the Note 4G is bigger about .25 inch diagonally. 
3. Fingerprint scanner is excellent. 9 out of 10.
4. Display is very crisp but brightness is low compared to other brand.
5. Performance is to good. Some people has told that OS occupied so many RAM. In my opinion it does not matter
6. Call Quality is too good and loud although the speaker phone. Ringtone sound is sufficiently loud. Galaxy Note 4 has maximum loudness of 81 db of speaker and it goes near to that range.
7. fast charging is working very well even the phone is on. but some people has told that charging time is too long...In my opinion..its not true. it takes about 1 hour 15 min to take charge from 10% to 100%. Some of charging cycles, battery backup will be better. Its a property of Li-Polymer battery. For Fast charging you need to atlest 15% to down otherwise it will not work.
8. Sound is excellent of the speaker and headphones(Not comes with Headphones). I have tested with my galaxy Note 4 earphones, Creative EP-630, sennheiser Cx 275s and the Original Sony MH-750 headset. Go with good earphones and get excellent qulity of sound.  
Cons:
1. Camera is not that great in low light. because of the camera app. I have tried different camera app like google camera app Geek camera app... It gives me a good result.
2. Display brightness is too low. Sunlight visibility is not that great.
3. Battery is decent...not that good. because of the OS Process management...I hope it will solve by the manufacturer.
4. In Wifi 2.4 Ghz reception is not great but 5ghz reception is too good. When I am playing something from my NAS drive over wifi 2.4 Ghz from remote area of the Router It goes down but working with 5 Ghz very well. 
2nd Day: 
Update:
2nd Day: I have tested it all day with different Camera Apps and found different result. Pixel Studio camera App is excellent for this phone. Battery will be good after some cycles. Display bightness is a bit low but no problem occurs in sunlight. Its fully visible in Sunlight. If someone is not liking the dailer then go Zen dialer..No app crashes at all.
I will update shortly.... 
 Plz dont buy this mobile ..it is very very hot than Redmi 1s we cant touch after 15 min of using ...and cam also bad 
 Awesome product, Best in this class.... all premium feel
Update after 4 Days of use
U will Love the in Hand feel after holding this metal... Love the coldness of metal.. :)
If camera is not the main priority..go Blindly for it....
Hats off to Le TV and flipkart to bring this amazing marvel 
Build is rock Solid...Look n Feel no less than I phone.. No words
IR Blaster : Not any other phone in this range offers it..Now I can manage Dish TV and TV in my office cafeteria as per my wish ;)
Fingerprint scanner... It is very responsive 
Performance : Lightning Fast....Ram Management could be better..
UI : It is Realy User Friendly ones u get used to it...Quite simple and easy..
Battery : Easily last you full day under normal usage.....But Fast Charging is really to fast ..Charges from 0 to 100% in odd 70-75 Minutes 
Camera : It is only department where it lags ...Takes Good Pictures in bright Light but struggles in Indoor low light... Front Camera not up to mark... 
All Said : it is best buy under 20 K .....Only Camera is Average otherwise all premium...  
Some Clarification on reviews by others:- 
People had posted that antutu score was coming below 50000 not as per reviews where it was 55000,
I also tested it to confirm, I got 56459. U need to first remove all the running apps to get correct score. 
Some said IR blaster not working with Dish tv ,set top box,
It works vfine,u just need to configure it manually first. 
Heating Issues : Not faced any such issue 
Battery Drain: It easily lasts a day in normal usage as other mobiles do..no issues 
Only one con that i could make out so far after 1 day
Front Camera Quality is average...   
 After Removing Default Screen Guard Does it have another screen guard
please reply 
thank you nice phone 
 Let me confirm you guyz there is no heating at all only it gets little warm during charging but that is normal.. got full charge in 80 min and camera is not too bad,back camera is better than my zenfone 2 ze551ml but the front is really not good no comparison with zenfone 2 in front camera ..sound is awsm, fingerprint scanner works like a charm ...!Beleive me this is a awesome phone at this price ... no mobile can compete with this beast at this time at this price segment   
UPDATED ON 29FEB . 
Camera terrible ,
Too much bugs on OS
Unprofessional Support .
First i replaced it then again bugs in phone , Finally going for refund and will wait for Redmi Note 3 
DO NOT BUY .  
1. Phone looks and design will give you a Premium phone feel
2. Full Metal Body with fingerprint senor works good and work 8times out of 10 .
3. Remote control features work well and you will love it .
4. Fast charging : its charge the phone 2%in 1min avrg , full charge will be around 1 hour+
5. Performance is Good no Lag .
6. Full HD screen very high resolution .
7. Memory : you will get Around 24GB free space out of 32GB .
8 . 3GB Ram (Free ram is quit low )
9. No heating issue notices in Moderate uses , Playing Heavy game give some heating that may fixed after OS update 
Cons :
1. Do not buy this Phone if you are Gaming user
2. Do not buy if u think camera is good , Its below average as shown in its Pre-launch review videos . 
3. Flash light is bit low as compared to My Asus zenfone5 
4. OS Needs to be optimized .
5. Heating issue if you are a gaming user  
Overall 8/10 . 
 be-st i-n -everyway pormormance is best
no heating as said by others heats a little wh\ile charging
camera is top iin outdoor average indoor 
 Nice mob!!..
1.Display awesome!!.. 1080p screen looks great!!..
2.Battery is superb..Can hold fr a day with heavy usage!!.
3.Though it has 3gb Ram thr r no lags..If u r a gamer Letv Le 1S will be a bad choice!!.There r little lags while multitasking but u dont need to worry,Its hardly noticable!!..
4.Metal design is stunning!!..Trust me it wont look like a cheap phone!!..
5.the wide angle lens fr front cam!!..
6.As usual EMUI is great!!..
7.Fingerprint scanner is superfast!!..Le 1s boasts the world's first mirror surfaced fingerprint scanner with 6H hardness
8.This device comes with a high-density fast-charging battery and a Type-C 24-watt charger, so you'll never run out of charge. 
 Appearance wise its the most prettiest phone I have ever seen. HD display is awesome. It is fast and smooth. Battery back up is satisfying, camera is good. Mosst important hand grip is really good, not slippery at all. worth every penny you spent. its a 10/10 for me. 
 Location - Mumbai - 2nd Feb 11.55 a.m. --
I was sitting in my office ready to book the phone in the Flash Sale. 
2nd Feb 12 p.m. -- 
The order was placed successfully. 
Location - Chennai - 2nd Feb 3 p.m. --
I was amazed as I got a message that my product is being packed and ready to be shipped.
(I know that WS Retail guys have good reputation for their quick delivery, but it would be this quick, I was just not expecting that) 
2nd Feb 3.30 p.m. -- 
I got a message that my product is dispatched and would receive it by 9th Feb. I was excited about the phone but was bit disappointed about the date for the delivery.
2nd Feb 11.30 p.m. --
I checked the transit details. The Product was already there in bhiwandi sort facility. 
3rd Feb 10 a.m. --
No update in the transit details. I was still relaxed and was also busy in my work whole day.
4th Feb 9.30 a.m. -- 
I got a message that my product is out for delivery. ( I was excited but was expecting the delivery by evening.)
4th Feb 11.50 a.m. --
The delivery guy was standing at my office doorstep with the parcel in his hand. 
Do I really need to say more!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The product was delivered within 48 hours!!!!! 
Flipkart and WS Retail are reallllyyyy amazing for their tooo fast delivery and delighting customers beyond their expectations. 
Keep it up WS Retail guysssss........... 
An advice to other customers that do not go for any other Seller if you have WS Retail seller as an option. I strongly recommend this Seller.  
Now as per the phone is concerned, 
Pros - 
a) Awesome build quality, very premium.
b) Fingerprint Sensor is very good.
c) EUI 5.5 user interface( especially control center management tool) is very fast and very ease and convenient in operation compared to Samsung phones touchwiz which has lag no matter how much expensive phone you buy.
d) fast charging very very helpful
e) Display is very appealing.
f) The sound quality is also very good.
g) Price just 11k which is an added advantage over other phones  
Cons - 
a) Camera quality is just good, not so great.
b) Its not bezel less phone. It surely has gutter over its four sides, which is actually noticeable.  
Final verdict - Buy this phone. It is surely worth for the money you are paying. If you are not camera freak, then surely go and buy this phone on 9th Feb. 
 Pors:
- Finger Print scanner
- IR Blaster (but still need information how can I use with Airted HD STB)
- Display is good
- Metal Body 
Cons:
- No FM
- No SD Card Slot
- Poor Camera   
 Pros : 
 Finger print scanner 
 HD Display
 Low price
 Great super fast charging
 Good for gaming
 IR remote 
Cons : 
 Camera is not good as Mi phonones 
 pictures are noicy
 Heats too much while charging. even you can not talk with the phone after that.    
 Good Product, Value for mony
very fast delivery by Flipkart
Two major drawback for this Handset i have inspected 
1- Camera quality not upto the mark
2- Heating while charging the phone 
overall good handset 
 Pros:
Build Quality is premium.
Display is average
Sound is ok
call quality is good 
Cons: 
Heating issue
Fast charging is not as expected
Battery drain very fast if the display is on. 
 Superb look ,,battery is average but fast charging is very well work,,,finger print sensor 9 out of 10 times working ,,,,,no any hanging problem,,,,smoothly run,,,,,some time little heating problem those are normal in metlic body,,,
frnds overall awsome phone in budget rate..... 
 Best phone in that much bucks. True value for money. It has almost everry thing to beaat each & every brand product in above price range.
Except for front flash. 
 #superfone after use of 4days im impressed with this . 
1 premium look and feel
2 no lag even on high end game
3 awesome sound
4 crisp and clear display
5 fingerprint sensor works too fast
6 IR blaster
7 4k video and slow motion
8 very fast charge 0-100 in only 70min
9 indoor camera is not gud but oudoor is aesome
10 gud service and user experience programme in it they reply all of our sent mails
OVERALL AWESOME PHONE IN 11K some issue should be solved by letv in upcoming updates  
 Thanks to Flipkart to deliver phone in one day.
Phone Build is very good 9/10
Back camera Good but front camera is too bad .It require some update 7/10
Default music player do not have equalizer 8/10
Battery charging time is very less same for discharging.It is discharging very fast.Battery need a update 7/10
Phone is heating while charging.Phone is heating while 2g data enabled Not tested in 3g 4/10
IR blaster and fingerprint good 9/10
I'll update my review after use. 
 My observations after one day of usage :- 
* It is reported that LeTVs costs for producing this phone are higher than the price of the phone
*Type-C USB interface is a major characteristic of this phone. It ensures faster speeds of charging and data transfer
*Mirror Fingerprint sensor - we can see only in High end devices. But frequent cleaning is required since it is mirror the finger prints can be easily seen.
* The three back lite buttons in the bottom are with hidden design and completely invisible but come in contact only when the light up
*Charging speed - went from 0% to 20% in 17 minutes. It took 50 minutes to charge up to 70%. The first half can be considered very fast; every minute charges the battery with more than 1%. But from 70% it charges slowly will take another 30 mins to reach 100%
*The phone gets heat up when you are charging the battery, but surprisingly cools down in few minutes
*User Interface - Its eUI, its a unique experience. You will not get the android feeling at all. There is no Menu button in the phone. The notification bar just shows only the notification. The control panel is all together different, it mimics iphone control panel.
*The phone supports up to 5 fingerprints, and it quite slow but fine considering the price.
* Camera - Day time photos are excellent, photos feel fresh, and gives good details.
*Since the phone is metallic, you feel quite heavy, but it looks solid in your hands and you get the premium feeling
* Storage - 32 GB on-board storage... out of it you will get 24.37 GB 
Finally...thanks FLIPKART for your amazing service..phone got delivered within 24 hours from the time I ordered phone. I was trying use Axis bank debit card but the transaction was denied couple of times and then I made the payment with Citi Bank...Did not get the discount :( 
* 
 First Impression is good. Phone looking sexy. 
Camera Is Average. Not as per 13MP standard. 
Finger Print Scanner working fine. 
worth to buy this phone.. 
will update after use some time.   
 Cant ask more for 11K. Nice UI, A good battery backup. I did not find any issues with heating. Only thing I found is the Clock app crashes when clicking world clock. Other than that, I have no issues. Fast charging. A feel good on hand. 
 Yesterday I got this mobile and I truly say that Letv Le 1s change Market for all smartphones. this company will be good competitor for other smart phone producing company's especially In India.
As the product have many features that is not applicable in other smart phones for worth the money spent on it 
Nice look, Nice sensor & Finger print technology I perfect 
 Value for Money...
Overall its worth....
Slim & Sleek....
Battery Performance is too Good....
Peoples planing to buy a smart phone can go for it....  
 hi , the product is worth for money, it is beautiful in color and metal body is good, but no ear phones with phone, if they give ear phone it is good. All over the product is worth. 
 Nice mobile excellent
But their is an o.s errors and better for money  
 Hi Guys
 got my phone from flipkart on 3rd of feb 2016, opend the the box and had a look at the phone. first hand impression is that its does not look a budget phone, will use this for a couple of days and will review it further, over all i feel its a great phone, at this price.
Suresh Binani
Bangalore 
 his camera like china made phone 
and phone looking like china phone zen 
im not think that phone was useless 
 Too heating problem when we charge the phone imideatly its very heat 
camera is not too good fron camera is normal   
 My experience with the product is very bad. Being a loyal customer at Flipkart since long, I had a legitimate expectation that when we are not happy with the performance of the product, we can return the same within the given time frame of 30 days and the same policy is also prevailing in other online trade/ e-shopping. Although I purchased my products, I never resorted in returning in the past but on my very first day, when I received LeEco Le 1S on 03.05.2016, I experienced heating issues and the product was not giving the satisfactory result/ performance and the product was not matching with my expectations. Accordingly, I have decided to return the product on next day, 04.05.2016.  
I had a discussion with Customer Care Mr. Arvind who argued with me for more than 30 minutes and suggested a protocol of updating its software etc as this product was 2 month old (March 2016) but he never agreed to accept the product in return and all my best efforts to convince return has failed. On the next day, having being faced the similar unsatisfactory performance of the product, I have lodged the return request on 05.05.2016 aswell, but it appears Flipkart has left me with no other alternative but to accept the phone unwillingly thereby making me an Unsatisfactory customer which is something terribly wrong & unethical on their part. 
 It had issues from day one. But just to prove the same it took one week. I called customer care and they are not at all helpful. 
I had hope in flipkart for 30 days return policy. But that also had so many complications and rules. i asked one fellow from flipkart why you give such advertise in TV's for hassle free returns. he replayed saying, that is for only for clothing not for electronics. ofcourse they should have mentioned the same in TV adds itself rather asking us to gothru all the policies which are not in our favour anyway. 
now i saw 1000/- discount along with some membership from letv. God know what it does and where to use. Lets see how many old phones they sale in that flash sale on 12th. 
 I bought one letv1s. Just after one month it is crashed /hanged permanently. I don't know , how it has adjusted one month ( So I cannot return to flipkart directly). When i contacted the customer service no. , I was guided to a service centre in Barasat Kolkata. When I arrived there, with my horror I found some pimple faced untrained, immature, unprofessional boys sitting and trying to handle the service of all china made of mobiles !! including Letv, lenove, intex,coolpad, and all. It was a huge chaos. I was in a mood to buy another mobile. I was so horrified that I instantly crossed out all the mobile brands serviced there. So i was forced to go for samsung. Whoever is rating the mobiles on Digit, or other sites are not considering the service availability ? What a cheating to the consumer by creating an e-gimmick.. Even I don't know I will ever get the letv return. 
 Don't buy this phone to heat after update no believe one of the reviews 
Problem no 1- heat 2 .ram is only 1.6 GB , 3 phone is hanging, 4 display resolution is like karbon , so many thing and place it will write chines type , body is weak and how they make full they compair this brand with Samsung s7eage first bit how floted this type of news in what's apps and other promoting this phone by filpkart I think they are checking also now I understand filpkart also not bothered about phone qualify he only seeing his profit and making buyr full through promoting its a big example of current add on TV of filpkart 
Why filpkart is promoting bad products to filpkart buyer it's making to to think on my next purchase through filpkart 
2 
 I bought a letv 1s phone online on 9th March 2016 and it stopped working after 20 days.On 7th April I requested for return and replacement. Although my request and the reasons were genuine my request was rejected twice. Then I wrote to the flipkart resolution centre and I haven't recieved any response till date. What is the meaning of replacement guarantee within 30 days as advertiseed by Flipkart. Its flopkart 
 Mobile is good in features and usage but very big drawback is its camera and cash back is not received   
 Fake Gorilla glass is used for this mobile.Dropping the mobile less than 3 ft height.No warranty for this. Service team is asking us to pay 4000 + taxes for replacing new mobile. 
 Dear team your product is very poor 
battery backup only 5-6 hours 
heating problem during set on charging 
net very slow compare to other brands
camera quality only on average 
 There are multiple reasons why I didn't like this phone :
1. The phone heats up very soon while charging or may heat up anytime on its will.
2. Sometimes while searching the Contacts using the Search , it takes a few secs lag to search the name inspite of having a 3GB RAM , thats a shame!
3. Once the notifications are displayed when the screen is lcoked , you have to struggle a lot to unlock the phone using the password or alternately you need to clear all notificaitons only then you can see the unlock screen to type the password to unlock the phone.
4.They have chosen a dark theme for the home screen which makes it dull and unappealing and very few themes available online.
5.Once you wipe the scroll down Notifications window , you will not see the shortcut buttons like , wifi ,etwrok , bluetooth etc.. that is embedded in a different screen.
6. I specifically disliked the heating phenonenon , unless you have a plastic case , its very difficult to take the heated phone near your cheek and talk. I always feel that the phone may get spoilt due to overheating. I do a lot of research before buying any cell phone , trust me this time I felt I was cheated. 
7. I think Xiaomi Note 3 would be a better option than buying Le 1s.
8. I am highly unsatisfied with the product.
9. If they have heating issues they could have launched the body with a plastic casing.
10.When I called Flipkart and informed the team about the phone condition and wanted a refund and return , they simply declined the request.
11. I also forgot to inform that the battery life is poor. My charge on the mobile would always be less than 50% even when usage is low.
12. The review comments given by me are from my personal experience. It may differ from person to person experience.
13. Please do not copy iPhone or Xiaomi . Highly unsatisfied with the phone. 
 every thing is good , except Heating Issue, after complaint Co. is not admitting , says it can be returned if battery shows temp above 45 deg.. i don't know but when i checked it shows 40 deg ... what should i do ?? i was using MI3 it ws really good except 16 GB shit yaar ..... no idea to next step . 
 Quality of the product is very good but I received used device which is returned to flipkart by some one who faced a lot issues with that but requested for replacement but flipkart fellows saying your replacement guarantee has over but I purchased on 4th March 2016. I am facing a lot of heating issues am completely unable to use my phone. Waste of money worst experience with flipkart. I purchased 2phones. At last preparing to file a complaint against flipkart. 
 LETV company introduce a new market item called Le 1s which look like a mobile phone. Actually it uses to punish others. If you want to punish anyone, Dont worry take this product put electric charge for 10 mins it will become heat. Then take this product with a cloth or anything, but dont touch it by hand. and put this hotter product to their hand. they will cry for the hot... Thanks LETV, 
 no common features are working. specification of phone is good. but not working as per specification or results not as per specifications.  
no option for contact no. importing/exporting and save to sim/phone. directly save on google accounts.
FM radio not available, Camera quality very poor as per specifications. Fingerprint and Quod scanner not working. very high hitting like iron and many more......  
 Please dont buy anything from flipkart. its fake promise of 30 days friendly return policy.
I had ordered this phone after reading reviews 
some reviewer have mentioned that heating problem is solved, so mentioned they returned when they found mobile is faulty so i was assured ok if product is faulty it get returned however to my surprise flipkart guys refused to accept the faulty mobile. Please dont fall pray the specification you will loose 11 thousand hard earned money.
Flipkart is bogus company, they sell mostly chinese product which are not in good quality.
very frustrated with whole experience with flipkart 
 Purchased many Phones from Flipkart but this the last one, Flipkart replaced the phone as it had severe heating and battery problems but the replaced phones has almost the same issues. Its not worth wasting time by calling up Flipkart, Will never buy another Phone from Flipkart.
Rating one star as it is the least possible. 
 Phone is superb.But I get a short line of red small dots when I am seeing any video.I donot know if that is really very bad.And importantantly there is no warranty card in the box. 
 letv le 1s mobile is very hot like its blast and i dont want to buy and not suggest any one to buy this product never. 
 please dont buy this mobile this is not a mobile this is iron box.camera quality is worst nokia basic model mobile camera is very good to compare this iron box.customer care support also not good my rating is 0.5/5 
 I received this phone less than 5 days ago, and initially it was quite good. There was no heating problem that I was initially concerned about after reading other reviews. Also, battery life was quite decent with the battery saver modes. However, within a week, the fingerprint reader failed, and now I can't find any details on how to contact the so called 555 service centers that Letv advertised. That is such a shame since the fingerprint reader was one of the main reasons I chose this phone. Moreover, a component failure within the first week doesn't bode well for the future of the phone. 
 Since day 1,I have been facing multiple problems in handset including software(All apps gets stopped repeatedly and have to restart again.it happens 9-10 times a day) and hardware(Disconnection of call and WiFi, Even when phone shows full network and WiFi, when called from other phone,it comes as switched off. Speaker of phone is not working).
I filed return request with flip-kart but that has been rejected. As Letv is new to market i bought the phone by believing on flipkart (great support and easy returns ) . 
After paying 11000, i am helpless. Even flipkart has ended support. 
I will totally discourage to buy this product as if any problem occurs in phone customer will be helpless. 
 fon is like a burning box . normally its tem. is 28 but after few minutes , it will go to 41 . and battery drains so fast . i think its 2000 mah instead of 3000 mah . and ram is not 3 gb . its ram is 2 gb . due to these problems i buy honor 5x instead of this fake le 1s 
 The phone is heating crazy while charging and when using full screen brightness. I am not even able to touch the phone while charging. I thought of returning the product but unfortunately I didn't do that. I already used Moto E 1st gen from the same flipkart and that is rebooting 5 to 10 times a day. 
Highly disappointed with flipkart products!!! 
 never go for WS seller's product, worst seller, worst service, the day i got the phone problems stated......e.g. heating issues, battery drains very fast, software issue, camera quality not upto the mark, even cheaper phones have nice camera quality, screen is not as much good, its not crystal clear, " THE MAIN THING IS THAT I REQUESTED TO RETURN THE ITEM BACK AS PER THE POILICY BUT THIS "WS RETAILER" REJECTED MY RETURN REQUEST, and says its normal if phone is heating up, But what about the quality it very poor, will never buy any thing from this seller. am gonna file complain also for this to take legal action against the seller.
I dont want to waste my star rating by giving it any star rating but its compulsion for me that m given 1 star to this seller other wise this comment will not get posted 
 I purchase a brand new letv le 1s for a gift to my father. The product was delivered in 3 days. As i opened the product in anticipation and tried activating it I found to my horror that the screen went blank making calls and the phone gave problems even unlocking due to pocket lock feature. Since I am a technology geek myself I understood that the problem was with the proximity sensor. I tried restoring the phone to the factory settings other quick fixes but none worked. Finally realizing a sub standard product immediately raised a return request the same evening. 
This is when I found that the attitude of Flipkart to be equally callous. The tech guy contacted me and sought what resolutions I undertook and repeated the same to me. I assured and proved that the issue was with their hardware in brand-new phone and asked them to return/ replace the product. 
To my horror immediately after hanging up the status showed that the replacement has been rejected by the seller and I am probably stuck up with a 11000 bucks of a plastic rock  
I am appealing to the flipkart to be mindful of the expenditure incurred my the customers and take their grievance seriously. I am still hopeful of a resolution failing which I will try to take my redressal to every forum available to me.  
Wake up flipkart or you will loose your customers. I personally have provided business worth lakhs to this callous company.   
 I have purchased the phone two days back.and the keys of the phone are not working from the very second day.
When asked for replacement they say that that's not possible..u may take the refund. You guys expect us to wait for another ten days..to clear out all this stuff.
Need a resolution asap 
 My touch button mobile without any mega pixel is better than 13mp of LeTv.
Best heater, it get hot during charging and data usage, one can use for ironing 
 if phone in this winter heating problem so what about in summer. letv 1s can be blast in summer. Don't buy it. i don't want to give it 1 star but its compulsion. 
 Bought the phone two weeks back. Look is great I must say. Apart from that its phone one should give a miss. Serious issues are heating, app lag, battery life, RAM space, Camera quality. 
The phone just becomes a iron box after 15 minutes of use. May be its more intended for just seeing and not using !!! 
Worst scenario, Flipkart says all is well with the phone and they would not take it back!! 
Not sure if this really help Flip's image and credibility as most buyers I could imagine would have bought it as Flipkart started promoting and selling it. Otherwise it would be another Chinese phone on the block. 
Overall its a "MISTAKE" !!!. 
 when me and my friend bought this phone on the 9th feb flash sale,i knew something was wrong when we placed our phones next to each other.his phone was perfectly alright and the phone which i received had many issues like over heating,software issues,etc.
i immediately requested for return the next day. And flipkart returned me with another phone.
but then i found out that the phone which i received again was also a faulty one when i accidentally dropped it sitting on a sofa taking it out from my pocket. considering the height of the sofa the phone's screen should have never been broken, But with Letv's and Flipkart's initiative together all I can say is "DEEPLY DISAPPOINTED". This is not what is especially expected from "FLIPKART". Also not to forget that the Metal on the edge got bent, Seriously? from the height of a sofa, Kidding me ?
Flipkart and Letv on a serious a note You should stop sending phones out without proper quality checks. So in short I had to exchange my phone once coz it was faulty and the replacment was again a faulty. I guess I am planning to never buy from flipkart again as it is loosing the faith of their customers slowly. I guess they just don't care about their goodwill anymore. 
 Today I buy le 1s, when I add it in cart it's price was 10999 at morning 8:15 during payment process it shows out of stock, at 12:30 is shows in my cart at this price for 10997 due to 2 rupees promotional discount. which means to cheat the buyer who wish to get 10% off on payment through axix Bank credit card by breach of minimum amount condition of rupees 10999.
 I feel cheated this is not fair I don't want your stupid promotional discount of 2 rupees, want 10% off on amount 10999 which price of le 1s.
Give me 10% cash back else I'm going to cancel the order 
 Good and sleek phone, but very bad performance in terms of camera, battery back up and heating issue after 2 mins use (Mobile or iron box) .
I thought of go for K4 Note or Le 1S and after a lot of reviews,i got Le1S. I was so excited that i could book the phone in the flash sale and even more excited till the phone arrived. The phone looks extremely stylish and premium. However, am so disappointed with its Battery performance and Horrible Camera. i raise a request for return / refund, flipkart executive called me to inform- an update will be sent on 25-28 FEB. If i get the same issue after the update, flipkart is going to refund. 
 Please do not buy this mobile.The screen of mobile is broken after falling slihhtly.Letv authorized services centre demand Rs 6580 for replacement and.Flipkart rejected my replacement request.Repair option is not available in market. 
 What is the use of this phone when basic things like making a call is not possible because of overheating. This phone was well marketed and a lot of money was paid for positive publicity. You cant use this phone for anything, the heat generates so fast that it is impossible to use this phone. I have to give a rating of 1 as zero rating is not available. Some of the apps crashes, the battery life is poor, but for me the main problem is that of overheating, if you use applications like uber and then call, you can notice that temperature would have gone up to 37 to 39 degree celsius, do you think you can use the phone to make a call during that time.
I called a robot (name is basavaraj or basaveshwar) in flipkart customer care to inform about that issue, the customer care is so pathetic that he is not listening to the problem which i face, but he keeps on saying that the replacement or refund is possible only when the device crosses 45 degree celsius, infact i was not speaking about the refund or replacement, i was looking for a solution where in I can use the phone to basic purpose like calling, using apps like uber or other apps which i use for daily purpose. I then requested him to escalate to the next level, he promised to give a call in next 24 hours, waiting for the response. In short a worst product and pathetic customer services so far from flipkart 
 Bought this worst phone on the first day itself. Got defective piece and Flipkart agreed for return and refund. Refund initiated on 6th Feb 2016 but still money not returned to the bank account. Flipkart simply pass days.  
Poor service from Flipkart. Stop buying products from Flipkart 
 the phone dead by now after 3 days of receiving the product,I have purchased total 3 LeTv 1S from different different ID one for my sister and one for my cousin another 1 fr myself out of three the one is with me is having major fault firstly when i notice first thing in the phone while using is its touch automatically working i mean whether you touch it or not it will automatically gets application open no t only one all the apps started opening itself after that when i restarted it again it happens then after 2 days the phones doesnt switch it on while holding on power on key but when i retried it after few hours it switched on with partition lines must be having some display issue after that touch is not working then again it gets switched off then i raise this complain to the flipkart they send me an email with the link of an app and it was mention that kindly install the app and complete the process which is being written in the mail but how can i download and isntal the if my touch is not working or its not even switcching it on i replied to them with the same and after 1 hour my request for refund has been canceled by them and i have got a mail that your problem has been solved kindly update it witht he latest SW OTA updates
I was literally shocked then i call the customer care they listened me and accepted the refund request 
after that i received a mail in the mail it was mentioned that 'we didnt have any pickup service in your location kindly ship with the third party couirer and the amount for the courier fees will be refund to your flipkart wallet' firstly people see i live in lucknow and its the damn capital city also a metro city not only this it is counted in the Top 10 cities in india how can it be possible that pick service of the flipkart is not available here ,  
I am a regular buyer of flipkart  
NOW READ THIS SPECIALLY 
i shipped it to the address given in the mail that came from the flipkart executive team on 4th of March 2016 on the 7th of march it reached to the Bangalore after that when courier boy was out for delivery after reaching to the address he is being refused to accept the delivery and when i track down the status on its officially bluedart site it shows- CONSIGNEE REFUSE TO ACCEPT that means the receiver refuse it from taking it, after that i went off to the bluedart office fro where i booked it they contacted their bangalore office in front of me and they got to know from the courier boy that it was more than 50 products(RETURNs) for the same address and all were being refused to accept and in all the product 'RETURN ID/ ORDER ID both were mentioned said by the courier boy' and he also mentioned that this is normal we are dealing with the same from the last few months they did not accept returns and when i ask what is the reason they give while refusing product he said they just normally said we have cancelled this order so take it back (without checking RETURN ID/ORDER ID)  
TODAY 8TH MARCH- i forcely reattempted the delivery again from the lucknow bluedart office and the courier guy directly contacted me on the phone he said call the customer care and give my number,and i did that i called to customer care senior team gave it the phone number to them and lets wait till the evening flipkart customer care said they will going to call courier boy lets wait and will update this in the evening (CHECK BELOW FOR UPDATE) 
Flipkart-I dont know whether you have known this issue see now i am not worried about my product only i am worried about the whole 50 products (RETURNS) why its being refused to accept you are the one who mail them to the customer particularly with an address where customer has to ship now your warehouse is not accepting it what the hell wrong with you? 
.  
(NEW) UPDATE- 
HEADS OFF TO FLIPKART EXECUTIVE TEAM specially the reviewing department thank you so much for helping me and i am giving 5 star only for you guys @reviewing department as well as customer executive team 
People if you have any issue regarding any product just feel free to contact to customer care they are available 24x7 but the fact that you will surely gonna solve it in harder way :P so 99% of the wrong cases which have been found is actually from the warehouse department team i mean if you would have read all the above things which i have mentioned you would have known whats the condition I am at that time :D  
Everything is ok now they received my product a big thanx to the reviewing staff,the one who called me and customer care executive team :) 
 start up company, Poor to use, UI immature, Can,t dail easily, not for business class, Poor battery back up, returning. 
 camera bakwas h..... batry jaldi khtam ho jati h.... baki sb ....woow ... dhasu h.... 
Dikhne m acha h
Performance achi h....
vse  
32GB nhi h .... 24GB h....
Ram bhi 3GB nhi .... 1GB hi milti h free.... 
But is price m ye abhi tk ka best phone h.... 
one Question about this phone i want to ask for other users that is their phone also have only one speaker working. there are two speakers given on the bottom and only one have voice coming out of it. Please tell me is it defective of all phone have this manufacturing.....??????????   
 I give 5 star for the product at just Rs.10999. Worth every penny. 
But courier service (EKART) was prompt but really sucks, I was out of town and ordered this for delivery into my sister's address. On the delivery day she was in the college and she missed it. I called customer service to provide me with the address of the EKART or their number where the product was held so we can pick up because the next day was also a college working day. The call was attended by a robot like person who was trained to apologize, the only answer i got was "sorry we dont have that information, we realy wish we could help". Damn i have to make my sister missed the class and wait for the product delivery, cause if she missed again it will be returned to the seller and i have to wait for the next flash sale. Ekart people do something, put your branches and their numbers online so we can find them. 
 it is overheating while charging and using internet phone become too hot with in 10 mins and back camera also not good 
phone looks good 
 I had some heating issues with my letv 1S. Last week I got a replacement from Flipkart. The new phone is too good , attractive Degign, no issues with the software.It's good. 
 Advanced phone with Speed and 3GB RAM,Fingure print is awesome we can take selfi with fingure print, but camera is not at all fine. 
Guarantee delivery in one day by Flipkart is failed they could not deliver it in a day and they have given me a word saying compensation would be paid for failure of one day deliver when called more than 5 flipkart customer care executives and they said compensation request would be taken after the delivery of the product. They changed their words saying compensation will not be paid and the words given by other executives are wrong after product delivered. Just for 200 rupees of compensation they changed their way. Even I do not want it but it really showed attitude of flipkart. Very Bad Service. I would ask Flipkart to remove Guarantee day delivery option. 
 Over heating after normal usage of playing music
No FM
Camera is not at all 13MP/5MP Big let down in camera section.
Want to trash those reviewers who called this awesome phone. 
There is no return option available :(:(:(. 
@Flipkart : i am feeling like cheated for the first time from you :(:(:( 
 You can only replace the product but cannot refund your money back so be 100% sure before going for this.
Review:
Horrible Camera specially front and slight heating issues as well , rest all seems fine since i have not used it much. If you are camera person then don't go for this one else you would feel it worth of your money specially the looks which is the most outstanding feature in this range. 
 i purchased le 1s in first flash sale after 10 days of usage i have no interest use this kind of device. phone temp is crossing 45 degrees after 10 to 15 min of usage(almost unable hold in hand). when i requested to replace the device,customer care executive asked me to do some trouble shooting steps.
 My question to flip kart and letv why i should do nonsense like factory reset and other and reinstall all apps which were installed already why i should waste my time and who will pay data charges. 
 How can you launch a phone when there is a major problems like over heating, battery draining and low voice clarity.After using few days when i place replacement request l have been told to download smart check app, executive ask me to run the app and saying we wont replace device because your smart check app is saying everything is fine(when i am unable to hold the phone in my hand because of the heat, still app is saying every thing is fine. what an useless app if u depend on this app you may need to face more problems ) if u wont solve my problem i am ready to contact consumer forum. Flipkart should think twice before launching this kind of product.  
 le 1s has some heating issues when fast charging.others is perfect comparing to above 20k smart phone instead i recomment this phone..  
 Depending on my use for 6 Hours.
Pros
User Interface
Design
Build Quality & Durability
Speaker
Fast Charging 
Cons
Display.. Not bright enough and Sunlight visibility is a nightmare
Sometimes Heating for no reason(Not sure why)
Camera is a hit or miss. Needs software fix. 
May update if any changes in my review. 
 This is a great phone with some prose and cons
1. Poor Battery Backup.
2. No External Storage Support.
3. Display to speaker but there is only one speaker one is dummy.
4. Network Lost Problem.
5. This phone is a better choice at this price range.
6. No headphone available.
7. No screen guard available in the box. 
 Hi, 
This is my first review in flipkart . 
I have purchased this phone in 1st slot. After receiving i just on the phone and verify the UI and all the features. 
1. UI is not that much impressive 
2. Camera is not good even it cant match with 2 MP nokia phone camera
3.Heating is major issue always it is heat .If you us it raises more 
4.battery Draining in in short time. 
instead of bying le 1s we can go for lenova K4 note. 
 Hi Friends, 
The product just arrived and here are my first impressions. 
You see the product is good in terms of speed and design and finger print sensor 
BUT.......
A. Type c charger- May be a different charger but not a fast charger
Ex: I've kept phone for charging at 6.30pm and at 9.30 it is at 73%-- Imagine yourself by this. 
B. Its a heat master definitely - The credit goes to cheap chip set all the way from mediatek.
But no option for economic buyers as the qualcomm based chipset contained model is unaffordable from this brand unfortunately. 
C. Finger print sensor works ONLY TO UNLOCK the phone 
D. Not a great kind of camera as per its standards may be okay for its price 
VERDICT:
People can buy this for just to show off as it has got nice design and bright display 
 Awesome design, super flexible, sexy fingerprint sensor, smooth touch interface, it would surely be a threat to XIAOMI and IPHONE. 
 First of all,when I got my hands on this phone, I totally got the feeling of having a premium phone with me.The display quality is really good.I also played a number of heavy games to test it but the phone did not lag a bit.The sound quality is also great.
Please do not forget to do a factory reset before you start using the phone.The fingerprint scanner works perfectly.The battery charges really quick.The camera quality is not so good at the moment.Also,the phone does become a little warm while charging but not very hot/'boiling hot' as some people have mentioned. I think both of these problems will be fixed in the OTA update.I don't understand why there are so many negative reviews here.I also don't understand what people are expecting at 11k.
'Good phone' would be an understatement.It is an excellent phone.I haven't faced any issues with this phone so far.I'm glad to have bought it. 
 I never went for any non branded Mobiles yeh i made a mistake with LETV LE 1S 
Poor Camera Quality
Heating Problem
Sensor will not properly..
...
...
...
.... 
 hi guys...after my failured first attempt bought it on my second attempt in flash sale....from camera to display iam very disappointed...guys lenovo 4k is for better than this.....no special features in this phone..... 
 Hi My dear Super-fans,
This is Akshay. Yesterday I received My hot Gadget "Le 1 S"smarter than genius. 
Design: outstanding simple, smart design. uni-metal body.
Performance: Not Only a smarter also faster in performance. 2.2GHz processor.
Camera: Nothing I didn't in this price. 13MP Back, 5MP Front, highly comfortable.
Memory: "it's cool" ........No hanging, No Un-supported things, Purely Value for money.
Charge: When I kept it charging , it took only 50 Minutes for "0-100%".
Gaming : it gives us virtual experience while playing.
FINALLY I'M HIGHLY SATISFIED FOR WHAT I EXPECT IN Le 1S..  
I suggest all to experience it....Value for money, 
 Plz Dont Buy this Product because it is heating to Much
and camera is all dull it feels like ur using camera in black and white Era.
their is no 3gb ram its only 1.5Gb ram.
Beaware of before buying this product.......
Heave A Nice Day 
 there is no much more options in user interface. it has fullhd display but brightness is very poor need more brightness. heats like iron box. for the name sake its fast charging. battery dischargers fast. need to work more on ui. cool pad note 3 is better. it has lot of user interface, double tap to wake the screen, answer incomeing call while simply touch finger print sensor. this options not in this phone. very poor User interface.i dont recomended this. 
 Software works nice...But very cheap product...please go for any other brand...Better if you choose moto series. 
 Dropped from refrigerator top in kitchen and display broken into pieces... 
 I think the reason why all pieces did not sell during the flash sale is due to the battery issue. I knew about the heating issue and it is almost tolerable, but I cant go the entire day on a single charge. Thankfully the usb c type charging charges it to 90% in an hour.  
I think battery issue is due to the non optimized eui - there are too many things running in the background and the power hungry screen.  
Rest of the things are good - if you can carry the charger along with you then go for it (normal usb charger will not work ) 
 Using this product since Second launch,
Best features and strong specification. All GOOD except HEATING issue.
Being a 2.2GHz Helio X10 Turbo processor in metal bodyHeating is obvious.
Battery backup is 14 hr max with minimal 2G. ~ 15Hr with 3G.
Charging C type = very fast ~ 30Min - 45 Min Full charge.
Really a Super Hot Phone. 
 Hi, 
 I got defect in product LeEco Le 1S, i mention the issue below 
1. it gone very hot during using that time not touchable.
2. phone has not a portable charger 
3. it run very slow.  
so, i want to replace that phone. 
 I used so many phone at price range 20k to 30k range but didn't find amazing feature this phone have. 
The camera takes only 0.09 seconds to focus, the industry fastest, . With three core focusing technologies  Phase Detection Auto Focus (PDAF), ball bearing VCM, and Closed Loop technology, the camera focuses in a blink of an eye.
 Le 1s equips a 13-megapixel rear camera with blue glass infrared filter and ISOCELL(Samsung uses this technology in S6), a technology that interprets every single detail back to life 
 I bought this phone under so much confusion. But not a bad decision definitely.
My main doubt was the heating problem. And when i used it for few minutes just after opening the package, It did got very hot. But as soon as i updated the eUi, the problem was resolved. now its been two days and it does NOT get hot on usage. But yes, on fast charging it gets hot than average so i prefer using my old charger adapter. 
The other thing is not good a camera. But at this price it's acceptable. it just solves the required purpose.
The free ram is around 1.1 gb out of 3. It does not lag. 
Fingerprint sensor is very good feature. One does not has to hit the power button and fill in the password, pin or the pattern. 
The Build quality is awesome. 
 After updating phone to stable relese 5.5.012S. No more heating issues when you used it.
Heating issues comes under some circumstance when you are charging that time above the normal.  
feature I like,
*very good EUI specially made by Letv similar to Iphone
*very good responsive fingerprint sensor
*unlock either right or left hand,It automatically detect and show unlock screen to your hand side
*Infrared Remote control
*Build quality better than any other phone in a same range {mi or lenovo}   
 its good for a business person. not for heavy user. its design look weight colors are superb and performed very well in this budget mobile. one of the big con of this phone is heating issue aprt from that its really a good choice average camera. go for it... 
 Don't go only with the hardware, software counts too, and software is just rubbish. You try to scroll down it goes up, you by mistake, double tab on watsapp it goes zoom. Same with other application. You double tab it and all is flushed out. 
One more disadvantage, it uses type c charger. So you need to carry your cable every time. From home to driving to office or need to buy one more, which is not as cheep as other cables. 
Rest all is up to you guys. I am giving one star, which is mandatory, else I would have given 0 to this rubbish. 
 The phone is shutting down so many times,"Over Heating" and the worst service centers.
Service Centers are blaming us for the issue and saying that it doesn't cover under the warranty. Don't Buy this phone.Its a scrap Mobile.   
 disgustion phone and worst phone in my life and they did not replace the phone worst camera ever in my life   
 Excellent product only on the internet. When in hand its definitely nothing less iron box. 
One of my colegue purchased the LETV 1S mobile & at first sight/feel of the mobile I also got impressed. Ordered and received the mobile thinking I could mahe & receive calls. Also many other function of an mobile. But lately I came to know that it is an iron box. I can even iron my cloths. My god it heat up to such an temperature that I can make an omlet on the phone itselt. I did not know it performs many other activitis. Oven, Toaster etc. Till today I was waiting that will receive software updates by which mobile will become cooler to normal temperature like other. But no not at all possible to hold this phone while charging, calling, internet browsing, hearing songs. Am living in the fear that one day it will burst like an bomb. I will not even give single star for this product. Guys at Flipkart should test the product by themselves and then only allow the seller to sell the product. Even audio from the speakes is not loud and also not able to clearly hear from the headphone wired/ bluetooth. Please if possible exchane the product for me. Other wise I will have to sell this on OLX with no other go. At last don't go from becoming FLOPKART from Flipkart. Products like this can ruine the image of Flipkart. Rest is left to you guys. 
 Performance, Look - Really Superb. looks like iPhone6s.
Charging - reaching 100% within 45 mints. but discharge also very very fast. on 4 hrs ideal with low Brigtness charge reduced from 95%-60%. 
Heating issue - you can make omlet or roti while it charging. its heating like anything. crossed 43 celsius. if you receive any calls are message you cant use that while changing., you cant even touch the phone. 
i returned the product after 3 days use. thanks Flipkart and seeler who understand the customer concerns. 
Just think twice before you invest ~11k on this. they need to improv alot. you can go for Moto g or Moto turbo.  
 After 15 days of use, there is lagging problem ,power bank needed, while chargering ,gaming acts as heater, unpolished software, no compass, the worst both camera's for low light , some what OK for day light pics, sharp edges it may cut you finger.  
Overall OK for regular use. 
 it will heat even while attending the cal.. i cant even keep it near ears.
dont buy it other than heating every thing good 
 its good phone with a error when u hv locked ur device with pin or fingerprint while its locked u can unlock the whole phone through sliding the locked camera to unlock while phone 
 This phone is just amazing. I had only one problem with this phone - heating. But later I got an update which reduced the heating effect. Now I am really very happy with this phone. This one might not compete with flagship devices like iphone 6, samsung s6 or the nexus 6p but considering its price point this offers really more than what you would expect from it. 
Pros:-
-A very good build quality and a great display(not excellent but will satisfy you if you want to watch movies or play games which have display quality of HD1080p) 
-Great features( you will have to spend more than 20k for a phone with these many features)
-Great gaming experience(I did not find any lag while playing heavy games. ex:-asphalt 8)
-Budget friendly
Cons-
-Camera could have been better(outdoor shots are great though)
-Heating effect(this is no more a problem because of the update which I got recently) 
So, finally what I would like to say is just go with this one if you want a premium looking phone with great features(offers more than its competitors) and a price which is less than its competitors(like mi4, k4 note, gionee s6, honor 5x etc..).  
 I am not able to see the number of any incoming call. Only unknown number is written on the mobile screen. So I am unable to know the person who has called me in case I missed the call. 
Overall very ordinary mobile & not up to the mark as compared to other establish Chinese brands. 
I buy this mobile just due to the credibility of Flipkart but now I am disappointed with my decision. 
 You cant talk more than 3 mts.. Heating problem.
Cam is worst. 
Screen was not scratch proof.
Battery drains out very fast. In a day we require to charge 2 times. 
Appearance is good. 
 The phone is great to hold . feels like iphone..very thin, 
Touch is excellent.
UI takes time to get used to (if u have not been using android for long) 
There are a lot of minor problems that i noticed.
1. playing Facebook videos while listening songs on Wynk wont pause the Wynk... both will play at a time. 
2. The control centre music option is only for downloaded songs.. not for Wynk or any similar online radio apps. 
3. I am yet to figure out how to stop vibration on using keypad... i text a lot and its irritating at times and drains considerable battery too.  
4. Extensive use of whatsapp while listening to music for around 4 hours will drain battery a lot.  
5. Fast charging was not fast for the first time.. but it worked later... 
it is supercool to have 100% charge in 1.5 hours . 
6. Phoneis very very very fragile .. it can break very easily.. China piece.. 
I received a broken phone first.. and called the LeTV customer care only to realize they would replace the whole phone @6500 Rs but not take up repairs unless very minor. 
7. Most important... Very frequent Call drop.. Signal drop.. frustrating when whatsapp messages dont send/deliver when you want it to ..  
Genuine review after using it for a week now. 
 Love this phone!! , Have a Gold and flipkart delivered a Silver today as well.. Awesome service ..from flipkart. 
Hats off to LeEco team for building an excellent product at such a low cost, it certainly stands out, clear display, finger print , camera has improved a lot and heating reduced after the latest update on 25th.
With people waiting for Xiaomi Redmi Note 3, priced at 17 K, Letv 1S has already taken
majority of Mi's customers who must have heard excellent customer reviews about this phone
I would recommend this product to anyone who want to know or buy this masterpiece. 
 In terms of configuration Le1S is good at such a low cost but performance is not up to the expectation.I bought this phone during first flash sale and Flipkart delivered it well within the time.  
After using this phone for ten days a scratch developed on top right corner and since then it start developing to other parts also (There was no fall from height and only reason I could found was that I was keeping phone in my back pocket without any cover). Although Gorilla glass is used as per the specs but next day I found small glass pieces coming out of the screen. 
I contacted Flipkart and was directed to contact LeEco support team and blunders started since then. First they told me to visit any service center and get verified that there may be any manufacturing defect in device. I reached service center, only to know that there is no such provision of verification and I'll have to pay repair cost as warranty is void. Service center team had no clue that when I'll get back my phone after repair/replacement and LeEco support team told me to write a mail of this incident which remained unanswered for three days and I had to call three times to get a reply on it. Today I sent the phone to Service center but they refused to give any receipt and told me that jobsheet will be created tomorrow only. 
Message for LeEco team - I urge you to scrutinize the policy for better clarity among LeEco support team, service centers and the customers otherwise there will only be confusion. 
 Im already using iPhone 6s this review is after 15 days of using LE 1S There is no HANGING, HEATING,CAMERA IS COOL ,PHONE PERFORMANCE IS SUPER FAST everything is just great in this phone working fine looking fab in short I love this phone. 
 I was very excited for this phone, was able to buy in second flash sale
Pros:
Superb design, absolutely stunning in this price catagiry
superb performance no lags at all
quick battery charge -full charge in 70 to 80 min 
cons
Very poor camera absolutely pathetic
battery is 3000 Mah
so with respect to its 3gb ram and massive size it hardly lasts for 10 hr which is a big disappointment
Too much heating as its a metal body 
so overall if your dont use much camera and poor battery backup is ok with you this is the mobile for you I will suggest wait for redmi note 3 
i HAVE RETURNED THE PHONE SUCCESSFULLY !!!' 
 Pls cross check with the person mentioned in the list of service centres and see if it actually exists or not, I bought this phone cause they claimed to have a service centre in my city and when cross checked with the person he denied of having even collection centre let alone service centre.
Rest you'll soon crumble to false promises and poor telephonic support too.
Enjoy
As for rest of it
1. Battery life umm its okay 
2. Camera Don't buy it, it's too messed up and they wont correct it ,because they simply can't
3. Display Colorful but you dont see anything outdoor under sunlight, anything so keep the colors hidden in a bag or they'll evaporate
4. OS bit buggy but fluid  
I bought this phone 3 week ago. See my review below:- 
(writing in short as most of us don not read lengthy reviews/ Like my review if u agree) 
Good Part :-  
(1) Look - Its look like a i-phone 6. Very Good Looking phone.
(2) Ram - 3 GB Ram is very good for fast processing. 
Bad Part :- 
(1) Battery - Very poor battery backup. 
(2) Camera - Its not upto mark. Front as well as back. Both Give very poor pictures. 
(3) Fingerprint sensor - People says that it has Fingerprint Sensor. But is does not support apps. Very bad. COOLPAD is better than letv sure. 
(4) Screen :- Display is very poor in sunlight. 
(5) 32GB Memory :- Only 23GB available for users. I am a music and photo lover. So you dont store more music and photo in this mobile. Useless for me.  
You see more drawbacks in this phone than quality. This is useless phone for me. I have given it to my Shop worker for free.  
Coolpad is much better than LETV LE 1S and K4 not. 
Go for Coolpad and save money.  
 Wonderful build quality but it has a lot of heating problem even in normal use and showing only 1.3gb ram available and camera is like vga thinking to return soon 
 The phone camera is extremely bad. It seems I am using a 2 MP camera. Overall this is not a good phone for the price. Not satisfied with the product. 
 hiii, i am very exited about this phone , i am waste my 4 month to buy this phone. but this phone is break my heart . it is a fully useless phone. in this phone only display is good and nothing is else. it is Heater phone only after 3 to 4 minute of net surfing it become too hot. that you don't want to put near yourself. i think it is only for winter season phone beacuse when you feel cold you put it in your hand and feel warm warm. and one more is Battary backup is so poor that bettary become empty in only 3 to 4 hours . i am not able to all time charging it . another is its RAM space is less than other 3 GB phones. and last it has no space for your media.Camera is also poor than other phone . 
and in the last i think letv is clear his stock from all over the world and dump in india. 
 In your phone specifications You hv written that it has 13mp camera but it's not taking pictures as good as ideally it should.. 
Worst camera 
 i am using this phone for last 4 days.
but Ram 3 GB is not visible is phone in 32 GB ROM here 27 GB can use for customer 
 Looking good undoubtedly, but few features missing and performing poor. 
# Fingerprint sensor success rate is 50% - 
# No gesture controls
# No fingerprint lock for applications
# Heating on charging & continuous video watch for about 25 mins in you tube. 
Diappointed a bit, else it's nice phone. 
 Hi all
This is a good phone but not as much expected 
1- It gives only 1 GB or less memory out of 3 GB
2-Camera quality is not good
3-Battery backup is also not good as expected
4-Heavy to handle
5-Many apps not working
6-No Radio FM
7-looks is good.
8-Fast charging is good 
 After using this phone from past 10 days I must say please buy this phone..no lag no hang very minor heating with this kind of specs under 20k just go 4 it And dont listen fake reviews ... bestest deal under 20k..#Superfan 
 This is very bad quality product. Do not buy. Also Flipkart doesn't return your money if didn't like the product. Don't get trapped 
 Amazing..After a very big long time got my new LeTV phone.superb phone with hatsoff feature and incredible experience.lots of features with in my budget. unbelievable thing is that finger print feature processor speed ram camera full HD all these features in one single phone.Love you my LeTV....hope to see some more phone very soon. 
Camera is good.....day light picture quality is amazing.
Phone speed is sufficient you can run multiple apps.
Dolby sound with quality earphones. 
At last simple and budgted phone with all superb features. 
 i had got this phone on 11th feb but after using of 2 days its hanging its towers are also not coming....and today the phone is dead its not even getting on.....guys if you had already registered this phone please cancel it 
 while charging the phone battery getting over heated even while operating the phone getting heated.
camera clarity not much clear
specifications are good
performance is very good  
 Perfect Heater, Poor Camera - Not recommended.
Got this mobile on 2nd Feb very first sale, I was much excited about specs, but specs are only on paper. After using 3 days I am very disappointed with the performance.
Major issue with this phone is heating very quickly in just 15 Mins, if browsing with 3G network, playing games and watching videos or talking, even you can't hold it in your hand.  
Issues:
1. Heating is the major problem of this device, if you use this only 10-15 Mins.
2. Camera is not good compare to 13MP with any other phone, however the image will always 13MB, if you select HD.
3. Battery, draining fast while playing games and surfing internet.
4. Only 24.8 GB storage will available for user.
5. You will get only 800 MB to 1000MB ram available for user.  
Advantages: 
1. Fingerprint scanner is very good.
2. Display is perfect.
3. Design is cool. 
 every thing super, camera,design every thing is awesome, Flipkart delivered with in one day great thing. how to connect laptop, i am unable to copy the data from laptop to phone. 
 If youre looking to get a budget device (Rs 10,000  Rs 20,000) and want to have a smooth experience. The Le 1s will give you a brilliant looking device with a fantastic display, near perfect software experience with awesome performance. A great camera that supports 4K video recording, a super fast fingerprint sensor and great battery life with fast charging support (fast charger included). It looks too good to be true and wI do not blame you. LeEco is selling the device at loss since the BOM (Bills of Material) cost of the product is around Rs 16,000.  
Le 1s is now a benchmark in the budget Indian smartphone market and it will be very difficult for other companies to give this product a run for its money. 
 Not satisfied 13 MP camera, its showing like a 5 MP like blurred picture, and front camera also not good, showing like 2 MP...a part from camera, battery backup is good and mobile process also nice...low budget it is not bad. over all from my side 6 out of 10. 
 Hi, 
I am facing full of heating issue from the mobile and rear cam is not good and battery is not stable. I was contact to customer care also she sujjested one app. after running the app she said that its working fine like that but the mobile is very heat on hand while talking. i have doubt on 30 days replacement also better go LENOVO K4 Note.  
 Booked this phone on 2nd feb flash sale, and got this on 6th feb, thanks to flipkart's pretty fast delivery.
The features Le 1s provides in this price segment is unachievable. And about the company, the LeEco have opened 555 service centers even before 2nd feb flash sale, which shows company is taking india as a serious market.  
Now coming to the phone's pro's and con's  
Pros:
1. Premium Metallic Body which do not heat up on normal usage.
2. Fingerprint Sensor is pretty fast.
3. Crisp Display, produces fantastic colors and great viewing angles
4. EUI is great, pretty simple and fast. (Though it is having 1 or 2 minor issues, but its far better than its Chinese varient which is having a lot of bloat wares. And this issues will be fixed with further updates, since the eui version in india is 5.5.008S whereas in china the current version 5.5.010S, so when it will arrive to india, it will resolve majority of the bugs. Which will be planned around 22 feb by the company).
5. Type C fast charging is pretty fast (charges phone from 10-90 in around 70 - 75 mins)
6. IR Blaster (pretty good feature in this price segment and the devices which are not in list can be configured using its universal remote feature).
7. Processor and graphics. (Processor is pretty fast and no lags faced till now, whatever available RAM shows, which is still around 1.3GB after installing 30+ apps. Graphics are also pretty good, currently playing Asphalt 8 airborne, EA UFC, Need For Speed: No Limits. And all are working great without lag. With little heating which is normal in such high end games.)  
Cons:
1. Cameras (Both the cameras are average with normal output in the daylight)
2. Battery optimization (the normal battery optimization is ok, but if we choose battery saving settings then its good. And also it will surely improve with scheduled OTA updates by the company) 
Verdict: Great bang for bucks, worth every penny spent, since every phone has its own drawbacks, even iphones do have some. And it will improve by the time as promised by the company. So give it a chance, and buy in the next flash sale. :) 
 Definitely one of the best products in the price range.
The look and feel of the phone is very much premium .
Definitely a head Turner. It feels so good to have it in the hand. 
Comparing its performance with Lenovo K4 note is not a good idea. The difference in performance is very much. 
1)Processors are snappy, never lag.
2)Camera quality is above average.
3)Heating isn't a big issue as it doesn't tends to get uncomfortably hot.
4)Fingerprint sensor is quite fast and accurate(9 out of 10 times success).
5)Best screen you can get in this price segment.
6)IR sensor is a major plus point.
7)Sound quality is very good, both in speakers and earphone.
8)WiFi and signal reception is awesome. Pages load very faster on it as compared to other phones.
9)One feature I loved was the UI, its so good.
10)The fast charger which charges the phone in just 60mins. 
The major drawbacks are the battery life which isn't up to the mark. There are some minor bugs in the phone. While these can be resolved by OTA updates, there aren't any major hardware drawbacks. 
 Thanks Flipkart for Prompt delivery on next day of booking. Look Feels royal. Heating issues are there but not to level of worry. ( I am using IPAD from Apple- same heat i observed). Finger Print sensor is working fine. Unlocks phone in very quick time. Good Phone for 11K. Value for your money. Only 5 days usage completed. I will review after one month usage. 
 Phone design like apple phone 
Performance superb
Fingerprint sensor #awesome
.
But 
No letv Themes 
No more Company apps
Showing RAM 900mb every time it's not 3gb RAM
.
Upgrade this phone apps & theme app  
 BUILD:
Its a 10/10 for the build of this phone. Looks ultra premium in this rose gold kind of color. The metal looks beautiful and rich, but that obviously leads to a slippery grip of the phone which should not be a concern if you are going for a metal body phone. 
DISPLAY (4/10): 
This is the only department that has left me too disappointed. The colors do not look natural and display lacks apt amount of brightness making it an average one in sunlight. Specially the colors look too off while scrolling through the pictures or while watching any videos. Not sure if it is a problem with my handset only, but there is a definite let down in this department. 
PERFORMANCE And UI (10/10):
Doesn't lag at all even while doing heavy multi-tasking. Hasn't happened for now at least. The UI is minimalist with no bloatware and minimum features make it completely lad free and easy to use. Looks really well crafted and very snappy. I don't mind limited features if it can make a phone that smooth. 
CAMERA (7/10): 
It's a great camera for outdoors and clicks very crisp pictures. Even the front camera works pretty well outdoors. You come indoors and it is hard to believe it is the same unit. The indoor shots lack details and exposure. Keep your hands steady for a better shot. It needs a software update I believe as the camera module does look capable. Some people have said that the camera is poor. But, its not the camera, its the display because of which the shots look average. Put the photo in some other phone and it looks different. 
FINGERPRINT SENSOR (8/10):
Not the quickest, but does the job pretty well. I somehow like the front sensor placement more than the back placement. Its easier for me to see it and hit it at the right point rather than guessing where it actually is. 
BATTERY (7/10):
Lasts a day with moderate usage. Heavy users would need to plug it in again before the day ends. The charger quality is very good and charges the phone at a good speed. Does get a little warm while charging but nothing to worry about. The standby is excellent though. 
CALLING AND CALL QUALITY (10/10): 
The sound of the person speaking from other side feels very natural, but the proximity sensor could have been more sensitive. The light turns of very late when you take it near your ear during a call. 
SPEAKER OUTPUT (9/10): 
I do like the speaker output and the fact that you don't always need to have your phone around you to be able to hear it ringing. You can hear an incoming ring even from the next room. 
OVERALL: 7.5/10 (or may be 8 on 10) 
Giving it a 4 as I don't have an option for giving anything around 3.5.
If the display and proximity sensors were better, it would have been a 10/10 for me. They are basics, and you got to get them right no matter what. 
 Phone looks premium and doesn't looks cheap..
All features are good..
Display is great..
Notification light is multi colour.. customizable..
Internet works very fast..
Fingerprint works good.. no problem..
camera is average in indoor.. outdoor is good
Quick Charger provided.
only issue is heating during charging....warm during normal usage 
 Good Phone and processor speed is very good.... Gaming Guy good news for US
 over and all Phone is good look wise as well as technically configuration wise.
Some heating problem is there while playing High graphics Game. 
:)   
 After using the phone for around 2 months I am satisfied with the phone but the OS needs a lot of optimization. I hope Le team does the needful. 
 Never buy this phone, weakest battery life, heats like an iron box in 1 minute of usage.
Also by display digitizer was broken, build quality is very bad. 
 I have registered with LETV with good review and purchased the product on 09/02/2016 thank you for Flipkart that they delievered with in 1 Day but after receiving and using the product for 2 Days this is my review The camera quality is worst as it's not even good compare with 3 MP mega pixel and also it's not fast charging option available on it and also having bug issue with the software when opening with applications with calendar.  
I need my money back.  
Please do the needful 
Regards
Samson.P.C. 
 I am using this phone from 20days..phone is very good in price range .but the biggest drawback is poor rear camera..+ heating issue while browsing and talking........flipkart is giving 1 month return policy but this policy is to fool people. after 20 days i called for refund only 10 days left. Now flipkart is delaying 5 days passed with excuse we are unable reach but they are not contacting...Pleas beware..... 
 Software bugs..are a hell lot. Avoid buying this. Returned my product.
Thanks flipkart for the refund and return. 
 Today i got my phone and found this Phone is over heating not able to hold. Rest review I will give later. 
 I have bought LeEco 1s in the month of February of this year as a gift. Used charger cable only to charge the phone, not even used it as a data cable. It's been hardly 3 months and the outer layer of cable at the connector ends is coming out. 
The charger cable is not made of quality material. It is not even covered under warranty. I have to spend more than rs 400 to buy only the cable which is so expensive.
I expected quality materials when I am spending rs 10k on this phone. 
 Phone is very heating during charging and web browsing.
And one more important is my device back button not working and its very irritating to me for web browising. 
That's why am giving single star.
Don't buy this phone and plz wait le2 phone. 
 First let me tell you I'm a very aggressive mobile user and change my phone in very 3-4 months. Before buying this I bought HONOR 5x cause I thought it would be better than K4 note, Le 1s, RN 3. Partially I was right also as HONOR 5x doesn't have the major hear=ting issue, decent battery and camera. What bad in HONOR 5x is completely different. Its their software buggy as hell so much that for the first time I had to return the product. Then I had to choose again but seeing the average to bad rating for k4 note I opt for Le 1s & maybe better than RN 3. 
The Good: 1st of all the build quality of this one is spectacular. It looks so pretty in my hand or on the table that I just keep looking at it. 
Ferocious charging time 1.10 hours i.e. 70 mins. Amazing.
Call quality, music all are good enough for 11k phone.
EUI is easy to use, less bloaty (Don't know what others are screaming about bloaty & all). Seamless performance. Battery lasts for a day.(heavy usage) 
The Bad: Camera was very poor. period. If you focus it will give the image so much exposure that the pic quality will degrade normally.
When charging phone becomes an iron machine.  
Then came one OTA update!!
 & Now the phone is beating RN 3 easily. Heating issue gone. Only when charging that too minimum. Nothing to worry about. Surprisingly camera performance improves a lot. Don't know how but trust me it did. Now it seems to me that I am actually using a 16-17k phone. 
If you have a doubt between these 4 phones: Go for Le 1s. :)  
 Mobile is getting too much heating during battery charging, Recommend to not use when it is got heat. During gaming on mobile it is also go much get heating and radiation issue. 
Camera is also not as per 13 MP. poor quality of camera.
some application is also not working properly like wallpaper cant be change as per our wish.
mettalic body is good but its border is very sharp so it can harm to cut in hand and bleeding.
During heating there is too much radiation.   
 To start up with Merits 
1) High End Design - High and Cool Look
2) Best Processors
3) Good Sound Quality
4) Touch and Finger Print sensor are awesome   
 nice phone............
camera not good as you expected ...................... 
otherwise nice product.......... 
 its not camera fault or low quality camera 
images and videos showing very dark compare to other phones.. 
i am saying not only with high end phone , compare to low end phones its display showing dark 
it may resolve in future updates 
other than in this price range phone is awesome 
nothing to say 
i want to say one thing ..so many guys giving cons ..
if want those cons so go to purchase high end phones 
why you are choosing this phone.. 
le giving so many features in high end phones for just 10999/- 
is it not awesome ? 
 Hi this phone has lot of features but in flipkart we can see some of them only. addlitional features are =>
we can use this as,
1.Room Heater
2.Paper weighter
3.Amlet Maker
4.Iron box
5.Water heater
6.If some one has fever, we have to keep this phone under their pillow that way they can feel heat.
Finally is a very good phone....
we cant get this many features in any other phone..  
 Any one please do not purchase this mobile. This mobile I purchase on 9 Feb, 2016 and delivery to me on 10 Feb, 2016 that's awesome but the quality of mobile is more than poor.
1. Very Heating after using of 10 min.
2. Camera Picture quality as per VGA.
3. Display Wallpaper so daal. 
 Dear Friends, 
DO NOT BUY this crap phone. If you want to burn your money then go burn it somewhere else but DON'T BUY THIS PIECE OF CRAP. 
I am holding one in my hand which I bought on 2nd of Feb during the 1st flash sale. I got the product delivered on 5th Feb. The product came with scratches all over it body. I have asked for a replacement immediately. 
I have received the replacement on 8th Feb. This replacement one also came with manufacturing defects. The mettle rim on the round edge are so sharp on the back that I cut my finger on that. The build quality of this phone is so inferior nothing can explain that. 
They talk about corning G3 glass. This is a complete lie. I was seating on a chair and the pone fell on the floor from my trouser pocket and the display simply cracked. It cant event take a fall from 2 feet hight. what kind of Gorilla Glass 3 is this.  
The rare camra will put you in shame. You will never ever want to click a pic this phone once you use the rare cam. Such a quality of Cam. The front cam is a 5MP cam but it's better then the rare 13MP Cam.  
This phone dose not has FM for your kind information and you can only install online one which will run when you are using your data connectivity. 
This phone does not come with Head phone or ear phone so you will need to buy one yourself. The 3.5 m jack whole does not work all the time. So you need to adjust the head phone every time you are inserting the head phone.  
The phone charger is not a universal charger. So just cant use all the charging port available around you. You have to carry your charging cable with you all the time.  
So, guys after reading this review if you still fell you need to buy this phone. Go ahead...Marry Christmas to You...Lord Save you....  
 At 11k 
It's very expensive compared to other lots of mobiles
No new specifications except fingerprint scanner
No otg support
No external memory support
No micro usb port 
Avoid it,please 
 i'm gonna sale this phone , in 10500 if you you want then you can contact me on whatsaap, i didn't like the size of phone its very big , but yeah its very slim as well but not for me ... evrything runs fine on phone 
 Good Value for money. Good Battery back, smooth functioning, great display, sound 
Scratch guard recommended, getting Hot while charging, Holding case recommended as a bit slippery. 
 pros: good design and comfortable to hold, good performance and the fingerprint feature is good too
cons: heats up while on use and while charging, camera not the best. 
 Phone fell down from just 4 feet from hand and cracked shattered display. Heating was another big problem camera quality was poor .just the only thing was good is that the speed of the phone.now it's just a showpiece for me.RiP my le 1s gold.  
 Working superb, nice phone at this cost. Smooth, light and cool. Enjoying. Normal use battery last for entire day. 
 Only one word Excellent! That is for both flipkart for their delivery and Le Eco for their product. 
 I have been using this product for almost 3 months now. battery drains bit fast like continuous 3g usage it comes for 8 hours and if u watch videos continuously it comes for 5 hours. 
 Heat issue 
No spares available 
Display got cracked still using like that only. No spares of any parts available 
If damaged u should search a dustbin 
Don't buy these buy trusted brands 
After sales service will be best in big brands. These Chinese is just like fancy items. Use until it works 
 I purchased this phone in first sale, Phone performance is very good but battery back up is very poor, I have to charge this phone at least 2 times in 24 hours, also phone heats a lot while doing anything like surfing, gaming, watching videos. 
Camera clarity is worst I have ever seen, I can't even think to open camera specially in low light. 
Only look and performance is good, otherwise you will get many good options in same price range. 
 mobile was getting heat and camera low clarity asus zenfone is more better that LeEco 1S
so overall mobile is not much good  
 Very good phone at this price. 
Battery lasts long.
Has a decent camera.
Has a good sound quality when listened over headphone.
Has a very good display.
Does not hang up while playing games like asphalt or score hero.. 
 I am using this phone for the past 2.5 months and its great to use,never found any LAg and after the new update everything is more fluid, the OS is also smooth. 
Drawback is the size! its huge 5.5 but looks like a sturdy branded phone. 
 Good mobile faster and more information contained in the mobile phone  
 Excellent phone but battery "backup is not good" and it is "heater" also. 
 first of all the phone looks premium with bezel less display but a little heavy as i found,
cons. 
camera is not good as company says its a 4k shooter,, leave the 4k sideways it cant even take good pictures,,frame lags can be seen in video shooting as it lacks optical image stabilization but its ok for a 10k phone camera is 6/10,, but front cam is awesome it captures awesome selfies,,  
display has very punchy colours,,its made for further use such as a vr headet,,phone can give you a very good experience in vr but for daily use colors looks over bright  
3.5 mm audio jack sometimes do not detect earphones and you have to insert it again and again 
now comtion to the good features 
battery lasts for only a day but believe me its a charging beast it supports very fast charging`, you wont feel any battery issue rating 9/10 
sound - i am muscian and music on this phones speaker is awesome rating simpy 10/10 
fingerprint scaner works fast
os is also good
,
doesnt lags in any way u can do anything games or videos 
there as issue with ram out of 3gb ony 800 mb is free but phone manages to do anything you need 
and its better than xiaomi redmi note 3 everthing just except the ui xiaomi has a very good interface 
if u are a camera lover go for nubia z9 mini ,,flipkart was selling it for 10k,,till it had the stock, you need to wait for the next stock 
 This product is good but the services and the price of parts is same as a new phone price.  
And company say we are on our best if you want to take you have to pay 10k for your diplay and body breakdown or do whatever you want to do. 
 Good one. working flawlessly....
many are saying it will heat, but I'm writing this review after 3 weeks usage.
intially it heated, later when i updated the OS, it stopped heating while using and while charging...
there's is no lag in phone because no other mobile will provide you a 2.2 Ghz processor
Better go with this without thinking......  
 Pros:
Processor is very fast.
Look is great. 
Cons:
No FM.
I found lots of contacts got deleted automatically and this made me to return the mobile. 
Services of Flipkart is great, it take care of customer security. 
 Good product improved a lot since the update the best choice at this price range far better than the asus zenfine max
Good metalic body
Good speed while using no lagging 
Only one drawback heating but it is not a problem because all its parts are build from baring that heat there is only problem when the heat exceeds 48 degree 
 It's the best phone in this range and fast charging is the advantage n can compare with high end mobiles. Internet connectivity (4g & wifi)is superb n fast. 
 overall product is good but camera quality is very poor even u have to provide head phones with mobile 
 All osm products but not popular name this product and heat phone but like it 
 phone is nice looking camera is low quality but heating issue when charing 
 Really a beast I returned it because I didn't got charger with the package but I can really shout the one of the best mobile with feature with look with design. Go with it without thinking 
 Let le 1s is best phone .but some problem .any repair ds device send to company cost is too much . Wt is ds phone rate 10999 rs repair is rs 5200 .WT sir, im very disappointed. My phone screen top glass is broken I go to service center. im tell my problem.the authorized service center person you paid 5200 rs aand 20 daY's after you will take new phone. thatmatter .so Dino buy ds phone 
 The phone is very good .it's amazing .it is worth buying the only problem in this phone is heating .I suggest to update the phone with a feature of less heating . In my phone the goes till 68 degree . please look into this heating problem 
 very nice phone. Good customer care support, no cons only pros.
little heating issue but no prblm with it. every metal body had that heat. 
 Touch is smooth but there is heating problem and sometime WiFi start automatically.
The performance of the cell is good. Didn't find any other problem in this. 
 Its actually a pretty good phone. Dosent hang, is fast enough, the 28GB internal memory is a boon. No more troubles of shifting your data feom internal to external memory. But then again, it dosent come with gorrila glass! A slight fall and your screen has good amount of craks. 
The repairs prices are sky high! 6k just for scren replacement. The charger cable quality is not great. Its only been 2.5 months since I bought mine and the wire at the enda has already broken out.  
So, all in all a good phone with its fair set of problems. 
 Amazing Product Truly value for Money ....
only one thing its Camera put ot down Somewhere bot Over All Good 
 Phone is very nice but if it is accompanied with earphone with the same price would have give 5 rating.
Good phone to use. 
 Except Camera. Phone is really Good.
Can't Expect more in this price range.:-)
Main competitor is MI Note 3 (Though good in specs on comparison, will let you down on not having Gorilla glass protection) 
 Superb phone without any compromise. Unique metal body design is ultimate. 
 its heats up a lot while charging but thats normal for any metal phone also there is no performance issue after 2months of usage. 
 heating issue is there now and then....Camera quality is not good...one can say it's a budget good looking phone 
 Excellent product. And more importantly it supports 4K videos and even the camera has the option of 4K recording. Also all the videos are played in 60fps. Isn't that pretty cool for a phone which costs only 11,000? Overall.. The phone is sleek,stylish and fast. Loved it! 
 recently i checked flipkart. it showing another model of leeco cheaper than ours with nothing much difference. there is difference in processor only. and you are giving extra package of offers with it like headphone, cover and many other stuff and we got nothing although we are the first buyer of the phone and it is 1000 rs cheaper than our model. i am feeling cheated by flipkart and letv. feeling sad bought first model and should have waited for a month for buy a phone and paid 1000 rs extra for a month. 
 All together phone is fine , except the pathetic camera.. Its worth but now the comptetion is tough with Note 3 and Yoni corn with price brand 
 Thanks to Flipkart for prompt service. I like LeEco LE 1S nice product under smart price. speed is good design, handling is good. overall nice product with budget price. 
 Nice Phone and service was also good by flipkart and seller. I prefer this phone in range of 10,000-15000 range 
 I like the phone. I also got a 4 g airtel sim with phone.. that's superb... 
 Amazing phone! Was actually going for a Moto phone...but finally decided to get this and no regrets at all. Totally worth the money. Infact, this phone is definitely underpriced! 3 months down and got no problems at all. 
 The Inctrument is good but we received it with some problem. and request you to repalsed or cash back . but there is no responce by your side... 
 PLZ GO WITH THIS PHONES.
NICE PHONES ..
THIS PHONES IS VALUABLE OF MONEY.....
BUT SOME DEMERITS ALSO DURING CHARGING IT HEATS UP. 
 The UI is pretty good....very snappy....no heating issue...cam in low light is not good.....4k video is amazing...fingerprint sensor is just fine.. ican give 8/10...u cant ask much hahahaha 
 this is not a phone its completely a phone which works with more powerful fingerprint , it has a good battery backup , and a POWERFUL XELIO X 10 PROCESSOR , 3GB OF RAM WITH 32 GB ROM 
 This mobile like a unbelievable dream 
Its amazing this mobile speed is not comparable... Good  
Excellent Product with Great Build quality and amazing performance.
I love it...
Thank you Letv's Makers. 
 Love the phone.. very good performance.. only camera is little bit unsatisfying.. 
 features of the phone is very good and very fast working. I recommend to my friends also to buy it Immediately. 
 Purchased the Le Eco phone two weeks before.
Pros:
The phone has very good premium looks which is second to none with an all metal body
The battery performance is good with fast charging
The memory performance is also good
U get finger print sensor in such a cheap price that is amazing
No heating issues observed till now 
Cons:
Just one u cant kill a running app easily like in other phone like lenovo K4 note. So the app keeps running in the background. Not sure if there is any other way to do this, need to explore it a bit more  
 i got this product from flipkart , phone working nyc somebody already given the comments like heating issue bt i didnt noticed that heating issue . the smartphone has all the features like other brands, lenovo mi4i phones processor is very fast videos playing nyc somebody simply writeen wrong commentsi noticed . le1s rocks...rocks.. 
 as far as looks are concerned, phone deserves 5 stars but a lot of problems are there.  
Cons: 
1. Heats up a lot even without much multitasking.
2. Battery drains up too fast. U can literally see the battery bar going down.
3. Camera is a huge disappointment.  
Pros: 
1. Great Looks
2. Good display
3. Fast charging (but it discharges even faster)
4. Good fingerprint scanner. 
 It's good looking phone.. Heating issue when using data network.. On WiFi and calling.. It's OK.. Average camera result.. But keeping price in mind.. Not bad 
 Camera is horrible..nt even 5mp as said 13mp.. screen resolution is good, battery is ok.. charging is fast.. but fast charging is nt sole feature of a smartphone.. user interface is waste.. not upto d mark..
D hyp of booking in flipkart ws just to fool us about d features which are utter nonsense.. it lokks cheap when u try to copy aiphone on back cover 
 the mobile mazer problem is over heat and getting down charging fastly
this phone is 3gb ram 2.2ghz prosesar 
13 mp cam back
5 mb frnt 
camera is not so bad ... 
 Everything is Awesome..
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Except Cam.................................................................................................................. 
 Unique phone... Touch is excellent , camera is quite good , Videos extremely good.Fast internet surfing..Fingerprint sensor is outstanding...No hanging problem(using it since approx 3 months)...When my friend see my phone they got excited and they all loved it ... Believe me by seeing my phone 3 of my friends bought it.. I have rated it full bcoz I didn't see any demrits of The phone.. So I think people with low budget and wanting more features can buy it.. 
 As more than expected. Fast finger scanner. High processor. Good looking. 
 I buy it. This phone is very smooth and very fast.Charge is fast. Camera is beautifully.Fingerprints lock is very good and Software is very good.Now I use the Letv Le 1s.I really impressed this phone.... 
 good 
 i am so happy it is also one of the best phone under 10k.we cant expect a mobile to fulfill every customer needs.definitely there ll be some drawback. Goog things: 1.Premium look 2.Full metal body 3.Battery charging and backup 4.Better processing speed 5.More RAM 6.Good display 
 PHONE IS GOOD FOR ITS FEATURES IF U DISREGARDS ITS HEATING PROBLEM AND 90% FINGER PRINT NON RECONIZIATION PROBLEM 
 its very Good Mobile having More Features- Such as Remote, Screen Mirroring, user friendly, Good Sound, Good Display Quality, Fast Functioning. 
 This is good mobile for this budget.. I am happy with the mobile performance. Camera is not that much good as expected apart from this heat is problem. Headset not provided along with the mobile. except all this mobile is really worth for money. 
 As far as I am concerned this phone is a beautiful piece and covers all my expectations , I have not put in use all applications and I hope it will fulfill my ambitions. 
 Hi friends pls do not buy this product this is wastage of money .reason for this 1. Poor battery 2. When you use it is so hot 3.feeling of this phone is not good. So do not buy . 
 LeEco Le 1S Mobile looks grand look. But users have to review the specification before buying. The features are amazing. It has stylish grand Look. 
 Excellent Product with Great Build quality and amazing performance. 
 phone heats like anything and non coverage of guarentee my flipkart ..too much heating is main issue,apart frtom that not a bad phone..very bad customer care experince from flipkart 
 As more than expexted phone. Speed is superb. Result is good.  
4k support with quality.  
Camera is good enough. Not expexted as per pixel output. Inlight photos are very good. 
Apps working very fine. With good speed. No hang issue. 
Phone heat sonetime. While you play game and working long on phone its heat. 
Bye the way very affordable and good phone in the price.  
I recomanded to buy this phone. Worth for money. 
 Best mobile I heve ever seen in this pricing. Fabulous look, slim and smart carry handset. Finger scanning part is awesome... 
 Good Product of Flipcart................................................................................................................ 
 Pls do not buy This company making fool's to everyone the screen in very low quality and phone was doing so slow like turtle.. 
 Hi i got the cracked product from the seller.
I try to use and try to rectify from customer service about my camera goes black in front as it was crack in front and battery is heated like an iron. 
I requested many times but the guy said it was broken by you. 
 Caution- expectation level should be aligned properly against the price being paid. Please do not compare the phone with Rs.40,000 plus devices. Rest assured, the phone is best in the Rs.10,000 to Rs.15,000 price bracket. 
I was skeptic about this purchase; but boy, from the day it has arrived, this phone has never stopped surprising me 
1. Very premium feel
2. One of the slimmest in the price bracket
3. Great dynamic vivid display
4. Fully loaded with hardware (which is enough for 99.9% users)
5. USB type C is a great addition. Fast charging support is very handy
6. Camera quality is above expectations, though low light performance is bit letdown
7. High clocking speed, large usable memory makes running games such as Asphalt 8: Airborne a piece of cake
8. Fingerprint sensor functioning is very smooth and has minimal response time
9. Very little bloatware 
However, there are few hiccups:
1. HEATING- longer intense cellular data usage (Wifi usage isn't a problem) and gaming sessions (longer than 15 mins) makes phone very hot. Though 
2. Usable 25 GB memory might prove little too less for some users 
IF-
1. you don't use 3G/4G data for hours continuously 
2. you are not an intense gamer
3. your budget is below Rs.15,000 
Then this phone is for you! 
 am very happy but disappointed thing is the absence of ear phone in the phone box
other wise the phone is more economy than other phone 
 Good.phone this price .low price high quality phone..letv best phone.. 
 Super mobile, trust and bye it,only heating problem is there but not that much!! 
So its a best budget mobile ever
Bye it and get benefit 
 Consider following while buying this phone. 
5.5 Full HD screen with Corning Gorilla Glass 3
Metal body
Average Camera
Battery Backup is good
Good Performance
Single LED Flash
Fingerprint Sensor 
 Dear all before purchased this I have many doubt about the phone, I haven't reach any conclusions which phone should I purchase ?last 3 years I used Samsung S4 but now I used this phone from Feb 16 I don't have any complaints about this phone.
Camera quality is good 
Sounds good 
Unibody metal design very attractive 
No heating problem.
Guys please stopped complaint about this 
Samsung have also problem in phones.
In this price group this is the best go and grab it. 
 Fantastic mobile. Nice design. Beautiful look.
Value for money. Thanx flipkart 
 i love this product in chip rate best one product i love this product 
 i love this product 
 i love this product 
 i had purchase this mobile for my brother. after 4 month of use i have write this review. this is nice mobile at this price. camera is not up to the mark. performance is ok. i would suggest this mobile to my friends 
 very good quality and performance...
Pros : 
1. Good Screen in this budget.
2. Finger Print Sensor a Plus.
3. 32Gb with these feature is again Extra.
4. Very User friendly. Very Easy for a new smart phone buyer.
5. Excellent Metal body. 
 If you are looking to make HD audio calls on upcoming 4g LTE networks in India then don't buy this phone as this phone does not support that feature. If you only want to use this phone for high speed internet browsing then you will be able to do it on this phone without any issue. 
 I have used many smart phones, this is the best among them. processor, memory, display, camera ram everything is good and it is so stylish. 
 Good features premium look used it for the last three month it is doing well no heating issue as projected by some user i have selected the battey assistant mode vale for your money 
 Very good phone with many features.But there are few draw backs. Phone is getting heated up while using internet.Battery is also getting exhausted very fast while using mobile net. There is no provision to use memory card. Otherwise the phone is very good. 
 No FM,
Iron Box,Too much heating.
Poor camera.
Average clearity .even in HD mode
No memory card slot.  
 Phone is good by the service centers are too bad. In case there is some problem in your phone then you have to wait for at least 1-2 months for replacement. so think before buying. 
 its really superphone hv been using it for more then 3 months now....and it has superb performance and looks :) 
 1.I am not able to select network WCDMA only.
2.Camera quality is average.
3.Little bit heating issue is still there.
4.Fingerprint scanner is good.
5.External memory card option should be there.  
 Good Phone i m using from past 2 Months Never Hanged.. camera quality is Awesome alot of stoarge space.. good metalic Finish. give it 5 Star 
 except heating issue, which has become common with almost all mobiles in this price range, everything seems fine. Im not a heavy user of mobiles. i don'y play any games. for my usage..its a good buy  
Good product at offered price.Fully satisfied with the performance. Pricing is very aggressive. 
Prons:
Battery
Speed
Shape  
 Its look and performance are very good, battery also satisfactory, both camera quality is so good, overall system is very good for me. 
 Ha ha very happy with this product as it giving me a lot more than I give them as money , guys this is this company which makes super car as a co partnership with Aston Martin , so what to say next , go for it . 
 Dont think too much comparing specs, for the price, this is the best deal out there with great display and battery. 
 Phone is worth touch is really good 
The only thing is it gets hot while charging 
 Very good full HD display 4G with dual sim hight level Hd graphis 
Fingerprint scanner 
Friends buy this phone at 9999 only. 
 Its a good phone, just that I dropped it on concrete and ..some few scratches :/ 
 Great and an amazing phone at 11k
Super than every phone below 15k
Good battery backup
Awesome camera with Slow Motion capturing
32 GB of internal memory but we get 25 GB
3gb ram
Super fast charging
IR blaster that accepts almost all devices
Only heating while charging
Don't have your view from those who reviewed bad
OTG support
Awesome EUI  
 Worth mobile in this amount.
Good performance in almost all features.
But getting heat when continuous use.. 
 All the features are fine. It is worth buying the mobile. Value for money. Golden Case is too good and look marvalous 
 its a good phone at this price except heating problem, camera quality is also ok ok.. good looking..... awesome phone..u also like thik.. so for this budget it is ok to buy this new design.. 
 Best piece
Great manufacturing
Good hardware
Looking good
Working Good
Overall it is one of the best mobile with 4G. 
Thanks for this.  
 It is the best phone. The space management is awesome. I can notice the difference between a 2GB and a 3GB ROM. It is so fast. Its a great deal for those who want to install different apps. myself a media junky, it is the best phone i ever had . The fingerprint scanner is very very accurate . Very less phones have a fingerprint scanner in such a low range. The phone will not lag or hang even for a second. Its a crazy deal. But coming to the camera its very good in outdoor conditions and take good shots but it works a little bit down in dim light conditions. But its still very good. it enables fast charging . You will not believe my phone was on 1% and got 91% in 26 minutes . I was really shocked. It will not heat up while charging if you have turned off the apps an the wi-fi. It is areal awesome cool deal. GO FOR IT. 
 but some hanging problem and heating problem is there, camere is really awesome. and fingure print is working properly. 
 Battery life is very poor. Heating problem is not solved till yet. 
 Best fone in price category ! Liked it more then my one plus one. 
 Good phone in decent price slightly issue like brightness, heat. 
 Absolutely awesome phone...... very stylish and good battery backup....... got heat up during charging may b due to quick charging function but its not a big issue..... value for money device..... . 
 I bought the LeEco Le 1S for my mother. It works just fine. My mother enjoys it thoroughly. It has a heating problem but their new update has almost fixed it. The Camera is good, Fingerprint scanner works efficiently, and the phone has amazing looks. 
 The phone has a sensitive screen which leads to starting of random apps sometimes when the phone is in your pocket or so (this problem is faced by my mother and it depends user to user). IF you want to do high resolution gaming this phone does show a heating problem. 
Battery life is good and the charging is pretty revolutionary with high speed charging.  
This is a value for money phone in this budget and if you normally change phone after they get outdated ( unlike Apple users) you should go for it. 
 The battery is quickly drainining...when using internet the phone is still heating .. Pls tell me a solution to solve this problem and how to get ota updation............... 
 A very good and awesome mobile stylish also good veiw also its good and Nice phone reasonable price great look comfortable in hand love it 
 Best phone in budget price.Front camera only 3.2 mega pixel. Battery life is good .Mobile heat for charging time 
 Battery heavy heating, overall phone bad because 3 GB ram every time showing 1.2 gb empty no FM radio, along with system ear phones 
 Pros :
1. Stylish Look 
2. Finger Print Sensor super.
3. 32Gb .
4. Awesome Features .
5. Excellent Metal body.
6.Good camera quality both front nd Back
7.Fast Charging
8.worth buying
9.Playing High Quality Games no lags
Cons:
1.Heating when phone charging nd sometime little bit heating but its okey. 
Totally Le 1s is Awesome Mobile ..... I love it :) 
 This phone is just superb. It's look etc etc... U have 2.2 GHz xelio x10 Octo core processor, 3gb Ram 32gb internal memory, Full HD display, Dolby Speaker n a lot more in 10k, That's mind blowing... But the thing is u get only abut 26gb internal as the left 6gb goes for the system memory. I have been using this phone for a week. Yes it does heat but that's not a major problem. It settles down in no time. N yes it jus gets heated when on charging. Or else it's all perfect. I watch movies, play games etc but there's no such problem. The best thing is that this phone has actually defeated most of the phones below 20k n that's a very good thing. I would recommend this phone to everyone who are thinking to buy the same.. Superb speed, Best camera etc...Jus Loved It.... 
 Best product in this price range.
Performance : 5 star better than Redmi note3
Display : 5 star 
Battery : 4 Star
Speakers and sound : brilliant 5 star
Camera : Best but low light performance is at par
Finger print: doubt less, works fastest.
Looks and design: matchless, none other at this price range, so much slim.
Signal strength : strong 
Wholly satisfied with this phone. I waited 2 months to get Redmi Note3 but could not get. I was frustrated. Then purchased Le 1S from Flipkart in exchange offer and got this one in ?8100. 
This one is unmatched quality and unmatched performance. 
If you want a Stylish Phone, go for Le1s Eco which is none but the renamed version of this one and also cheaper. Must buy.  
 They said in box there is a headphonebut nothing is there....
And the mobile is overheating.... 
 I've booked this phone on March 3rd and it is delivered on March 5th itself 
This is my mark to this phone(on my opinion)
Sound:8/10
Display:8.5/10
UI:7/10(yet to update the interface)
Hardware:8/10
Gaming:9/10 (Ultimate graphics and no lagging)
Camera:6/10(Average) need to update the camera
Charging:10/10(Fast charger)
In charging (20%-75%) in 1hour
Fingerprint: 9/10(Fastly you can unlock the phone and you can capture your photo in camera by tapping on the fingerprint scanner)
You can change gesture in this phone
There is Remote control app installed in it
Where u can control the electronic devices via infra-red detector   
Excellent mobile I love it best specifications in best price awesome thanks to letv 
 Display screen is broken after using this for 3 weeks.It is fell down from 4 feet height. Phone is working fine. But i need to replace my screen.I don't know how much it will cost.
Phone software is not good.Camera is ok. Battery life is worst. Need to charge twice in a day. 
 Bought this for my husband.... the handset is amazing, operates flawlessly, good battery life and no major heating problems so far. You can't expect zero heating anyways, since it has a metal body!!  
However, I am totally disappointed with the Flipkart experience. Within two weeks of my purchase, handset price dropped by 1K and another 1K cash discount was being offered for HDFC customers. I complained about the same, however Flipkart have neither offered to replace the handset nor refunded the difference. Repeated mails to Customer Care are leading to the same replies being copy and pasted - that they have no control over offers and no policies to refund customers for such overcharging!!! 
 Draw back is very high temperature when temperature raise 3 gb ram it works below 1 gb ram. and hang also 
 first time i bought this model and i am really impressed with it. it has great features at the lowest price. For this price 10999 is a very good purchase but there is only problem which is it does not have an external memory card slot. The performance and look wise, it is a great deal. 
 Nice smartphone for this much price. 
But now i got new problem its moving back to home page automatically without touching back button. 
*Less hanging 
*quick charging 
*good camera not awesome. 
 This is a rocking phone. Its screen is awesome, sharp. You will love to see all media in this screen. User interface is also good enough though not the best.
I thought the camera is not of good quality at first , but after an update, it completely transformed into a mature 13MP shooter. Front cam also improved a lot after update. I never seen such improvement in camera quality just because of an update. 
It is very difficult these days to get best phone for our money because of the competition. there is also other options like MI Note 3, Lenovo Zuk 1, Lenovo vibe K4. So it is upto your preferences. 
 all is well except heating issue during browsing and video playing.Please advice me on how reduce the heat for this device. 
all is well except heating issue during browsing and video playing.Please advice me on how reduce the heat for this device. 
 Nice Budget Mobile.
Fastest delivery by filpkart as they promised. I ordered on 18th March,2016 & got it on next day itself. 
Pros 
Look & design
Speed
Finger print scanner
Metal body
Cost
Type C charger
Remote control 
Cons 
Camera
Heating while charging 
Finally good budget phone to get thro 
 Too much heating problem on average use.
User Interface could have been better.
Camera is not upto the mark.
No internal storage but you can back up your files with free 5tb cloud storage.
..... 
 The best budget phone of the year. Worth every penny spend. It has all the features that you look jnto a high end phone. 3gb ram, 32 memory, fingerprint scanner. Don't think just go for it. 
 I am using this product from last 2 months. Excellent product @ this price.
No issues till now.
Pros .
1. Super body
2. Super fast performance
3. Good camera ( Only with day light. Night vision is average)
4. Infrared ( you can operate your TV without remote)  
Cons.
1. No FM ( If your music lover)
2. No Expandable memory
3. Average front Camera 
 Bestest smartphone in a premium budget .
Stunning looks n features 
 It's a awesome mobile looks good but has heating problem.first about the camera it's soo good
Next mobile settings it's normal
And then video recording also good 
 Hello All 
as you can see there are many reviews given for this phone and here i am with mine actually its not review but few points
1. when every one says in the review that it heats dont think it heats lightly no it heats up badly enough to stop the activities and keep the phn aside in ac to cool.
2. The phn hangs a bit in searching contacts and saving them.
3. its very slippery with out the back cover.
4. no memory card and data cable not easy to find. 
These are the bad sides of this phn for good read other detailed reviews. 
 Nice phone....looks like an I phone. .........user friendly... 
 Worth phone...there are some minor issues but I hope they would resolved with the coming updates 
 Exelent very good phone one of the best in its class worth 30000 features 
 Nice product but it heats.....,..................
.........
. 
 The phone is best under Rs 11000 but it heats a lot otherwise everything is nice 
 good mobile.good working but heating problem due to full metal body  
 Very excellent phone I m fully satisfied with this product. Long battery backup   
 Good to use by ui is not up to level .good touch every thing is OK in this phone use note 3 
 Look wise good also no hangin issue.touch pad is also good but one thing is embracing radio fm is not available 
 LeEco mobile camera not good, other function is good, other function is good.Battery backup is good.price is good and very nice. 
 Best value for money. nothing more to say.Y you'll love it from the time you touch it. Fluid performance and best screen at this price. 
 Very I loved it I buy this at flipkart product is very nice no hanging problem very nice product at flipkart 
 Vrygood phone u can use it for gaming and surfing but camra quality is not so good  
This smart phone is good . I purchase it from flipkart . amazing memory and speed. As it look , it is as is and the camera is clear than clear. But it becomes hot during charging due to metal body. But this problem , I have faced in starting , Now it is Amazing. 
 Excellent product I used from 3 months ithe mobile didn't get slow it is better than all mobiles I used 
 Good camera
Good battery backup
Nice looking with fingerprint
Good mat finish body  
 Goodlooking phone but battery not good and heating as well. Camera is ok. Display is not so bright in this price range 
 Really nice mobile, camera is awesome n battery backup is more....! 
 Good Product Very good experience with flipcart. Delivery time is good 
 Good one for the price range.
Good build quality.
Back gets heated while charging  
 Good product in best price with high end features..good finger Print sensor 
 very poor in built quality very bad fingerprint scannersc it takes a lot of time to iunlock so do't by this product for built quality if no u can go for this product 
 Superb nice one
Phone is fantastic it's like butter nice feature 
 Just loved the phone.. Camera is good.. Fast charging is great 
 Worth every single penny...... One of the best buy when you only want to spend under 10 k....  
 nice phone, good futures, reasionblu coast, long battery pickup, 3 gb ram, 32 gb rom 
 Awesome phone in this price range good battery back up finger print working fine and fast charging is very useful over all good phone 
 Best phone i had ever used .. fingerprint senser ,32 gb romand 3 gb ram in just11000 
 Awesome product. Thanks to flipkart. It is the beast in this price range. 
 I am really happy with this . Wonderful one .updates should be released frequently   
 It is good phone with quality and lots of features. Heating is the only issue 
 Best to buy for this price.!Must buy this product to get best features at reasonable price  
 Amazing phone with amazing features..
Worth buying... you can try once 
 Awesome budget phone. good specs at reasonable price. Just go for it 
 Awsome product.spec and features are good except finger print scanner. 
 Very product to buy eco is budget friendly and specifications compared to the 20k phone in the category 
 My phone broke after using a week , now to get repaired its almost the half of phone cost, that's the pain, 
 Awesome Smart Phone with amazing features and memory! The product is genuine.  
 Nice phone This smart phone is very amazing . I purchase it from flipkart . amazing memory and speed. As it look , it is as is and the camera is clear 
 Phone was fast and good. But on further updates, started lagging and became slow. Constantly getting this error "Android.process.com has stopped". Heats up too much on charging and on continuous usage. 
 Nice display. Good stamina. Crisp touch pad. Nice feel. Excellent looks. Great finish. 
 cost wise its fine
the configuration is hard enough for that amount
but as per me i consider this as a failure bcoz of its low batter management
and also its quality as it is a newly born company emerging into this world
i wont expect much for that cost but a bit dissapointment that i have purchased a waste product 
 very good phone under 11k waiting for marshmallow update.... 
 It's been a wonderful phone and has replaced by ageing LG Optimus G Pro with ease. 
I wanted a phone which has fingerprint, 5.5 inch Screen, IR Blaster, and a decent processor. This phone ticked all the boxes and hence purchased this. The price was 1/3 of my earlier phone and still is doing the same wonders. Bravo..... 
Screen: super bright in sunlight as well, worth watching in indoors. 
Battery: Easily comes one full day without any issues. The battery tends to heat up during charging as well as battery intensive games, but that's OK as it's bound to due to the metal back cover. 
Camera: sooper shots for the 13 Mp rear and 5 mp front selfies... For selfies if there is good light available then it takes stupendous shots or else it's a real dud. 
All in all a happy customer and no real issues. 
 Mobile is over heating at time of playing games. Design of mobile is good. 
 Good mobile good mobile buy it good phone .................... 
 This is the only mobile after a long time meets all expectations.. Worthy,fantastic ,disruptive product in the market.. Everyone should go for it and to buy this letv le 1s.. No more words,specifications are the answers.. 
 Great product and nice delivery from flipkart. Great phone at this price range. 
 Awesome phone... M using this phone from 2 months ..n awesome experience... Everyone who saw this phone...say only a word waaaaooooooooo 
 I am using this mobile last three month. It is so good & fast in using. 
 Soooo good hardware design and OS should be updated to reach optimum performance. 
 Nice piece......but some heating problems...other than that it is good..  
 Wonderful product. fats and smooth must buy.amazing built quality and stunning looks 
 Good product with good performance.. it was heating a lot.. after last update and factory reset it is fine now.. 
 Phone is good. Only issue is with heating it gets heated like an iron box. 
 Nice mobile, good camera, good resolution screen, ultimate good budget phone 
 Gud looking and good specifications ..
Reasonable price...but causes a little heating while playing games and while using data continuosly.. 
 Good one......... Good performance.
One issue is heating problem is there.. 
 Very good product.. Go for it
Amazing look and good performance.. 
 A good budget phone. Appearance of the phone is superb. Sensor lock is working good. Sound quality, display and camera resolution are also good. Yet now didn't face any issues. 
 I have been using this phone since 5months it's fabulous product...display is excellent...cam quality is good... battery is quite good...one can go for this product at this price 
 I bought this last month and I would its very user friendly and worth the price. 
 Great phonr just loving it. Slight heating issue while charging but thats not a deal breaker 
 Good phonr under 10000
Camera is exilent
Stylish....
Good look  
 Best phone in its category. Better build quality and nice bezal less design. Worth for its price 
 Awsm...phone... I like 
It is a very good device and very slim
Charging problem gone after OTA upgrade 
 Good product.nice mobile good bty backup. Worth for money.good looking 
 Nice Ni lovely nd awsome feturs of this product that's ???nice Ni allsome 
 Good product for best price. Missing radio/fm and a great handset. 
 It's a good phone up to this mark.. camera looks good. Heating issue will be there while playing games. 
 The phone look and display are awesome but it disappoints at battery front which drains very quickly . Overall OK phone 
 3gb ram shown but actually not good should go for cool pad 3 
 Nice but camera quality not nice 
And the phone is awesome 
No mmatter the filpaker delivery was nice 
It was packed nicely 
 Nice product in cheap rate .. The over all phone is good only one thing makes it bad that is its weight ... 
 Ultimate phone in this price with all features like finger sensor,5.5 display,android and many more 
 Very good design phone with excellent battery.i am very happy with this products. 
 Nice mobile ...having heating issue..no other issue with that 
 N8ce phone. Iphone looks. Faster delivery . Small software issues 
 It is awesome phone . all features r good & mobile look also . but camera is average . 
 Good value for money. Picture quality is excellent and iu is good 
 Awesome phone by flipkart.................................... 
 I use this phone very nicd phond 3 gb ram faster procesor camera quality and qualtity working good all is very very good 
 A lovely experience ! All cool features. But i like a launcher in this phone and camera qualities should be improved . Haziness in caamera is the drawback of this phone. The battery is ok but if it can hold more power then it would be ultimate choice in this price range and category. Happy user ! ? 
 Great phone in this price. Feature packed if u go for any bigger at least u have to shell 35k for same features. 
 Superb product especially the look of the phone is too good don't hesitate in this range you will not get such phone 
 Super phone @11 grands, super metal body with finger scanner 
 good product 
camera was ok. 
displaywas good
but battery was so bad, died in less than 10-12 hour if you do not use mobile. 
 Wooww.. Loving it..very sophisticated n stylish at reasonable price 
 Nice product , still long way to go ! Le ecos 1 st phone not bad 
 Bogus phone ever. Please don't buy. I wasted my money buying this stupid phone. I wish I knew earlier. 
 Extraordinary performance...nice battery life...touch power gaming 
 I have bought this phone on second flash sale, I think its february. It had worked nice till now,but suddenly display is flickering and touch is freezing.Can anyone tell me that are you experiencing this problem ?. 
 This phone is worth buying. Good graphics, camera and performance. 
 Value for money product....I am really happy to be using this excellent device. Waiting for next block busters from LeEco. 
 Very nice good quality good battery and all features are speechless  
 good one you can buy but its so heat while charging so think and buy 
 Awesome phone... 3 gb ram its an smooth working phone I loved it 
 Fabulous phone with ameging features within this budget. No second thought required to buy this phone. 
 Phone is good .fast charging but didn't have marshmallows update 
 Has Heating issues... Camera image quality not as expected.. 
 Best cell ..... compact , light , easy to handle, swift touch moreover at best price .... what else we want ... worth spending this much amount for more nd more features .... a quality cell 
 Very good phone. Lots of storage. Big and bright display. Audio quality is very good. 
 A good quality smartphone with excellent flipkart customer service.... Worth money and tym 
 I used this phone and had a great experience.loved using it.  
Use it to feel the best experience .  
 awesome fone love it............................................. 
 Really nice product.must buy.h eating problem also got solved after update. 
 Awesome cell phone, fully satisfied with price and features, value of money. 
 Beat phone and good build , great camera good amazing processor 
 Battery and camera are average, but phone is very fast even charges very fast 
 Nice mobile it's quite cheap and compatible device which is a great deal at this price . 
 Awesome product at an awesome price... best in class design combined with best in class performance 
 Leeco le 1s
Is the best phon
Best battery backup 
Best camera 
Mast sceen 
 This phone heats up easily and battery consumption is very poor. 
 Good mobile with fluidic interface....flipkart shipped in one day.. 
 Amazing phone at this price. Paisa vasool in almost all the areas 
 Nice phone for the price.. Everthing is fine except battery
Overall a good phone 
 Very good phone with powerful features. Need to compromise in camera but other than that, superb phone in its price range. Recommend for speed lovers. 
 Great mobile with good specs. I recommend this mobile. 
 Great phone at such a low price go for it I m loving it yeepy  
 Phone is great. Just a little battery issue.
But that doesn't matter as it support fast charging 
 This phone is amazing I like it ram is very good and performance is superb 
 It's a wonderful product, I got this phone recently and it's premium quality 
 A good product at this price range. specially a finger print scanner with 32 gn inbuild storage and a 3 gn of ram.  
 Nice but ram is not fast 
size is not handy
camera quality is good  
 Good product and value for money. It feels premium quality and very good touch.. 
 This phone is out of the world.
No one can leave this one !!!  
 Phone is good.camera quality is nice and picture quality also good.so I say phone is awesome in this price.thans to flipkart 
 Looking gorgeous. Awesome features.nice UI. But heating with minimal usage.camera not upto the mark.4* for its design.otherwise it is 3* star product. Fingerprint sensor works awesome. 
 Very nice mob.. under 15000..finger print sensor response very good..but it's battery not good.. 
 Dragon beast......really nice specs at a reasonable price.....loved it 
 I bought this phone 2 weeks back, in exchange of old phone.
Charges the phone in 90 min from 0% to 100%.
Good processing. No lag.
Finger print sensor is perfect.
No cons so far. 
 This phone I have been using for the past couple of months and have not faced much heating issues at all. Serves maximum battery time... I have almost 5-7 hours of Internet usage with gaming and lot of call. This phone has served me good till now. Although I doubt the Corning gorilla glass usage. It has got a scratch already..... 
 Good phone for the price range. But has heating issues. Camera is good both primary and secondary. Touch screen response is very swift. Fingerprint scanner comes handy for protection. Charging port is different than others. That is a bit let down. Other wise it is the most feature rich phone in the range. No doubt about that. 
 Looks very similar to Redmi note 3. Did not like it much. Build quality is so so. 
 Nice phone with specifications like camera and RAM. Go buy it 
 In less time it gets hotter and hotter......heating problem battery is good 
 Awesome phone loved it a lot. No issues found. But problem only with service 
 Not that much good as rumored, lack lot of features like gud camera quality, 3gb RAM is there but only 1gb RAM is there for use. 
 Thats what this phone is about. If you are looking for the best specs (which actually affects ur use) at the price of entry level branded phones, this is the way to go. Plus the phone actually looks good. Only cons are battery size & non-expandable storage 
 goog phone.................. value for money.................. 
 No problems till date.
Battery lasts more than a day. When mobile data is turned off 20%-0% discharge takes more than 10 hours. 
 Awesome phone specially for those having low budget with extra smart features like 3gb ram, full metal body and nice processor .Worth to buy the phone with in this budget 
 It's really amazing, cool to use and really fast. Wort for the price.  
 Its a good phone for normal usage... Bt it heats a lot with little load on cpu 
 It's ok for the price, software needs a bit of polishing as till the time I used this phone it was acting weird. 
 Good smartphone at cheaper cost..just has got more heating problem..  
 Very good, super fast working, high speed, picture quality is very nice good selfie mode 
 Best phone i had ever used. Fast charging,high speed in unbelievable amout 
 The best phone I ever got.photos clicked r so clear n better performance by phone.very good product by flipkart n it was delivered intact 
 Looking sexy. Features are good as per the range. Camera can be improved.  
 Not bad it's good for this rate. But heating problem not cleared. Item display good. It's not effected our eyes. Because v good sensor working 
 Nice one v should go for it as it has been the master of all times 
 Very good and good looking modern phone service is also good 
 good mobile at this price ..all spec are good in this mobile. 
 Nice products at cheap rates good configuration value for money 
 Using this beautiful device for a week now. No performance issues. Just a single con - heating issue. 
 Hardware is good.but lacks good camera display is another defect.no stereo audio 
 Very nice phone .phone performance and also looks are really good and also very smooth working. Love this os without any issue. 
 really a superfone love it awesom phone unbeliveable features 
 Nice product...... Thank you so much flipkart and letv...... Good job Good metallic build and smooth performance. The phone however does not have a good battery life. 
 Loved it.. best mobile phone till now with 11,000 and great performance 
 Nice phone with gold metallic body.. Heating during charging.. Value for money. 
 Really amazing phone.love
 it,best in class ever.really better than best 
 Its simply superb phone at this price... You can get all the features of flagship phones out there. It's finger print scanner is amazingly fast. Nice built quality. USB type c for future proof. Fast charging is pretty handy. But a minor issue is it's get hot while charging.. Camera quality also very good after the recent update... Waiting for marshmallow update.. No second choice... Very much worth every penny you spend. 
 Nice mobile phone. Battery backup is very good.Full day working. Only there is heating problem otherwise under Rs11000/- very smart phone  
 Its nice. I purchased last week only. It is actually worth it. 
 Excellent experience with the phone love it, go on to leco le 1s 
 Good phone but some issues came regularly.. Ex key functions automatically 
 Good for smartphone lover's and this phone very fast and looking good... 
 The camera is not very good, the f number is not low, that means low light photos are blurry. Heating issue is a big concern, both on charging and long calls. Also i broke the display, I was asked to pay 6k to replace the display, I have downloaded a home key app and i am continuing to use the phone since the damage on the display isn't much and only the home key, back key are not Working. 
 All mobile features are good but the only problem is camera not upto the mark and mobile getting heat while charging remaining all r super. 
 Good phone a little bit heating issues other wise it's good finger print sensor works good 
 Good mobile in this price range. Good metal body n good display 
 Awesome mob very useful but built quality s little cheap ok 4r dis rate   
 Not good battery back up worst, heating issues,poor camera,heavy weight 
 Nice camera, good picture quality, good speed, sturdy n sleek metallic body overall good phone 
 ok performance ... sound quality isnt very good ... had good expectations 
 Good phone and great resolution.But there will be fast discharge of battery. 
 Awesome phone..I am advice you to buy this phone... as I see the specification of phone I am so excited to buy this phone but I have one confusion for this because there is no service center in nearby me.. But now a lot of service center in whole India ... Thank you 
 Good mobile but heats up really quickly and lags sometime ... 
 Nice phone 
M happy using this 
Luv u nd thanks flipkart
Very very gud product and so many features in the budget 
 A good phone in this price segment with awesome outstanding looks...processor and music r also superb..the major drawback is the camera..it is below par..needs a lot of improved updates in camera 
 Go for it!
Feels like a premium device
Absolutely worth for money 
 Amzing phone with good options like fingerprint etc.. worth buying in this range.. 
 Very nice design.sound is also good.user interface is also descent 
 Quality is good. Performance is much faster and a cheapest phone. 
 Nice work with the following user camera and lens is good. Nive 
 Good phone I have use it but camera quality is not so good. 
 Nice phone in this price segment.... ??? full metalic body... Camera little bit dispointing but my self ok. 
 Paisa wasool mobile best in this price , after ota update camera quality increase and i dont hate heating issue.... 
 Looks good. RAM & ROM are good. No gyroscope, can't watch 360 degrees videos on VR. 
 Good phone 
Pros
3 GB RAM
32gb ROM
Octa core
13 MP
3000 mph
fast charging   
 Great product. Vry good looking. Very fast. Touch is great 
 Low price GOOD MOBILE best choice for the youth ............. 
 Best option in today time can beat to the best the ram is good the memory is also good 
 Good phone with great display but camera is poor also betory dont last single days 
 The best phone I have ever used 
Simply loved it....
Nice camera super fast processor a lot of ram a smooth gaming performance 
Only one prob heating   
 Awesome phone. Just camera needs to be better. Good value for money. 
 It is good mobile and I liked it so much.one of the best mobile present.easy to use.its camera is very nice. 
 Amazing product, worth money!
Features are really adorable and user interface is also mind blowing! 
Good worth for money spent 
 Excellent mobile. Using since 2 months. Great value for money 
 It is good one. It has long battery backup. Good working with it 
 Good phone at this price........................loved it..... 
 Every thing is good but camera quality is not upto mark but this is worthy phone for this rate i think 
 I am using this since one month, Phone is great but there is two things which needs to improvement batter heating problem and camera quality. 
 I bought this on flash sale. Amazing mobile with great features around 10k! 
 AbhayWas a bit apprehensive while ordering but the product lives upto expectation. Heating isnt much of an issue after the update. Battery life is what you make of it.overall pretty satisfied with the phone . 
 Nice mobile at it's cost. It does all what it claims but the only con is it gets heated quickly 
 The phone is awesome...... specially the fingerprint sensor is a best thing in this price band... 
 Good phone and value for money but it has some issues like hanging and heating  
 It is awesome 2 use. I loved the features . The best thi g is fingerprint system. 
 Awesome product iam using it from last 3 months no heating problem no issues 
 Waste phone always get heated up low memory no refund or replacement 
 Good phone n pricing is perfect, truly value for money n der is nothing like heating issues 