
 I was using HTC 616 which was bought from Rs 15000/- around 6 months back and now shifted to Lenovo K3 Note. 
I had even bought Xiaomi mi4i about a month back, but I feel this is a better buy with regard to price, brand and features. 
Lenovo K3 Note is worth the price very light, I love it when I compare it to HTC 616 or any other options. I also notice some really cool and nice features which are not available with some high end phones. 
Here are my quick Feedback : 
Weight : Extremely Light and Handy Phone - Make sure you buy a tempered glass to protect your screen. 
Memory : It has 2 GM ram but close to 1 GB is consumed by system but you are still left with 1 GB ram and it doesn't hang or there is no lag. 
Storage : 4.8 GB is occupied by OS, 2 GB Approx by pre-installed APPS etc. One draw back - if you have installed SD card and want to shift apps like Whatsapp, Facebook, Flipkart etc to SD card storage it doesn't give any option. 
Cool Features :  
Smart Answers - Automatically Answers your calls when device is raised near your ear. 
Proximity Sensor : Turns off screen when you are on a call. 
Flip Mute : Flip the phone faced down to mute the incoming call. 
Secure Zone : No need install app locks, instead enable Secure Zone and shift you apps to secure zone. Secure zone open's with a different pin or patterns. 
Wifi Connectivity : Very strong Wi-Fi connectivity, at least when compare to HTC. 
Charger : The charger looks local but is very strong charger and charges your phone really quick and fast. The first charging happened in just 30min may be less.. 
Power Manager - If you are low on batter and don't have a charging option, switch to power management option to save power. 
Themes - In built themes options to help you change the look and feel of your mobile device. 
Camera : The front and rear camera both are promising and looks really good. The pictures are nice.. But pictures taken in low light are little noisy.  
Apps : You have option to uninstall pre-installed apps if you don't wish to use it, which I have not noticed in devices I have used so far including HTC and Samsung. 
Feel free to speak to me if you wish to find out more...  
 flipkart has 3rd class services and their 30 day return policy is just to make fool consumers gud and to cheat people. the wifi of my phone is not working which i bought a just a day back they straight way told me to go to service centre after 1 day of delivery then why you say its hassle free return policy of 30 days. after writing so much to their customer care and resolution department. what reply i got the by checking smart check app they can say my phone is ok . but who will tell to these illiterate peoples how smart check app can work if my wifi is not working data is not working.
moreover they detail so many complex troubleshooting the person who bought the phone is an engg. of that phone . ridiculous managment fraud company. 
and where it is written that your stupid engg will check phone online n tell me if my phone is ok or not so you can reject a return.................................................. 
 NOTE
-Reviewed after 2 weeks use
-I don't do gaming 
Before review, here's clearing some common myths 
HEATING
Many smart-phones today pack muscles equal to 7-8 years old Notebook, so heating is inevitable. Bigger brands use software tricks to prevent excess heat, at the cost of restricted processor clock-speed. So it's your call: extra oomph or chilled-running device 
RAM
People complain that of 2GB, only 400MB RAM is available. Android OS knows how people use smartphones: switching rapidly between apps on fingertips. So Android tries to keep data preloaded on RAM to minimize app-launch delays. Moreover, what's the point of having 2GB RAM if your phone uses only 600MB? 
LAUNCHER
Many people still aren't aware of Launchers. If you don't like Lenovo's UI (which offers no App-drawer), there's a plethora of Launchers on Google Play 
And now the actual review 
Delivery
Flipkart took 6-days to deliver. Expectedly, packaging was excellent 
Bundle
Lenovo rightly opted for a very sturdy USB cable instead of a cheap set of earphones. Charging Adapter also feels quite strong. Screen Guard fits perfectly 
Build
Build quality is decent for price range. No issues with opening back-cover or installing/removing the battery. Lack of back-lighting on Soft-Keys doesn't hurt much, for you'll quickly get used to the positioning. Notification / charging LED, which is a rarity these days, is much welcomed 
Display
It's the trump card for K3 Note. It's very sharp & offers pleasing colours & good viewing angles. Max brightness could've been higher. Lack of Gorilla-Glass can be compensated by Tempered-Glass. Display, takes considerable toll on battery, which I've covered later 
Performance
I never ran AnTuTu or other benchmarks for it's power is unquestionable, & becomes apparent the moment you pick up the device. Never does it freeze or show signs of stutter / sluggishness. Video playback / seeking is done without breaking a sweat (Remember: I don't do games). I've no longer have to clear recent apps & reboot my phone at regular intervals 
UI / Extra Features
I prefer the minimalistic Zeam Launcher over Lenovo's Launcher. Settings menu looks simple with helpful Search option. Lenovo has thrown in many nifty features, my favourite being double-Tap to wake & wide-touch floating widget for quick short-cuts (which also offers double-Tap to lock the phone) 
Network / Connectivity
Call quality is normal: not great, not bad. No issue with Network & Wi-Fi signal strength either. GPS lock is particularly blazing fast. Heating during calls is something I've covered later in detail 
Camera
Camera department is victim of cost-cutting. Picture quality, though acceptable, leaves a lot to be desired from 13 MP snapper. Front camera, however, performs upto expectations 
Sound
I have sensitive ears so I keep Dolby Atmos turned off. Even with that, the sound quality is decent. (I'm no audiophile so my judgement maybe flawed). Dolby Atmos increases volume & depth, but I prefer softer notes 
Battery
Stand-by time, like most phones, is pretty good, even with both SIMs, Data Connection, Wi-Fi enabled. But things quickly go downhill when screen is turned on for long. Same goes for charging time. Leave it untouched, & you'll go from dead to 100% in 1.5-2 hours. Use the device while charging, & it'll take ages (3-4 hours for full charge). But overall, the phone will easily last you a full day with normal to even slightly heavy usage. 
Heating
Surprisingly, this requires a seperate section to debate. For first two days, I noticed no heat (only mild heating). But then I came to know that it was my ignorance. Since heat remains confined to top of the display, you don't feel discomfort on regular usage. The natural resting position of palm & fingers are away from heating zone. But, unfortunately, the patch around earpice generates a lot of heat during calls. Good for me, as I don't talk much, but really, it starts hurting if you talk over 7-8 minutes. So I prefer using earphones whenever I'm at home. You won't be killed with heat while talking, but it can't be overlooked 
Others
I uninstalled all games & bloatwares as soon as I got my phone. Few (5-6) apps can't be removed & ShareIt is quite useful. First-time PC connection takes a while due to configuration, but subsequent trials are swift. Lenovo Suite (for Windows) installer is built-in into the device, so no need to download any support softwares. Phonebook, Clock, Dialer, Log & all basic apps look good. Ambient Light sensor quite often forgets to respond to changes in light, but if you place your finger over the sensor & remove it, it re-calibrates the screen brightness (in auto-brightness mode) 
FINAL WORDS
For rationale buyers, who cautiously examine every penny spent, Lenovo K3 Note is an obvious choice. It brings to table a combination of specs & assurance at an unmatched price. Pick it with closed eyes: you would applaud your choice forever 
 I received my K3 Note yesterday..came in a solid cardboard packaging. Also received Airtel sim card as promised.  
My first impressions -  
Looks - The device is extremely lightweight and easy to hold in one hand. Build quality is excellent and has premium stylish looks. The plastic body doesn't look cheap at all. 9/10 
Came with a free screen guard (installed from a local retailer but unfortunately there were bubbles in-spite of careful handling :( quality is ok.. would get a matt one soon). 
Coming to the phone, huge 5.5 inches screen which is very beautiful with excellent viewing angles!! Its a treat to watch movies on the Full HD display!! totally impressed!! 10/10 
Battery - There was around 56% charging left when switched on. A 17MB update was awaiting to be installed...it was for stability and performance. While charging the unit got a bit hot near the camera. Hopefully there's no heating issue for this device in future. Battery seems to last more than a day with medium usage. 8/10 
Camera - I have read in few reviews that the camera is not that great. However in my experience the low light (night shots) were amazingly good..colour reproduction, details were more than expected. Day shots were great too. No complaints on camera front!! 8/10 
UI/Performance - UI is good. Those complaining about the UI can go to play store where thousands of free launchers are available. We also get an option of uninstalling pre installed apps which is great! Performance is awesome, apps open/close quickly without lagging, games are smooth too. I am not a heavy gamer and hence I find the performance & storage more than enough. 9/10 
SAR value - One con I found with K3 Note is the high SAR value (1.59W/kg). Permitted level is 1.60 W/kg. It will affect if you are on call for hours together. In that case I would strongly suggest using headphones. Otherwise its not much of an issue. Also switching on flight mode when sleeping with the phone near by is must. 
Coming from a well established and trusted brand like Lenovo, I am not concerned about the after sales service. Lenovo service centers can be found in every major city. Overall its a great phone with awesome display, great performance at amazing price!!  
 Thanks Flipkart for quick delivery of the phone. 
Lenovo K3 Note is all in all a great phone at a great price. This definitely beats Xiaomi Mi4i and Samsung phones in this price bracket in terms of features by a huge margin - most notably a large 5.5" FHD screen and at a great price 
Pros:
From a Trusted brand "Lenovo"
Comes with Lollipop Operating System
Great build quality, looks & light weight
Amazing multitasking and gaming experience with 1.7 Ghz. Octa Core processor
2GB Ram which can efficiently support multiple Apps
16 GB ROM for users who wish to store more on device
Immersive audio experiences with Dolby Atmos 
Cons:
None; But surely one can expect 8MP front camera next time from tech leader Lenovo - selfie era (a feedback) 
A must buy - definitely worth every penny spent on this smart gadget  
 I was one of the lucky few to get the priority pass for the K3 Note. Have been using the K3 Note for the last 2 days and the device just blows me away.  
Design: The first thing you notice about the phone is how light it is. It might not win awards for the best design- but it's light and comfortable to hold. The touch on the back looks feels very soft and has the feel of old thinkpad laptops 
Display: The killer feature of this phone is the Full HD 441ppi IPS display. It's a treat to watch movies, text and images on this phone. There's so much detail that's visible over my 720p screen. Also the viewing angles are excellent - thanks to the IPS screen. THe brightness and sunlight visiblity is quite remarkable. You can buy the phone for the awesome display alone. 
Touch: The touch sensitivity feels so smooth on this phone. I've used 4 android phones before and also have an ipad 2. But the touch on this phone feels better than all my previous devices. You just feel like scrolling through the pages - it's so much fun  
Camera: This is a department where Lenovo has been getting bad reviews. The intial test looks very good. It has very good color reproduction, the white balance is accurate and the normal images have a higher dynamic range. Overall in this price segment, this camera seems to offer a lot of value.  
CPU: I did not believe the reviewers claiming an antutu of 45000 and I tested it. I was surprised to get 46100. At this score, it beats the One Plus one and all other flagship devices. While benchmark is a marketing story, the real life performance also seemed pretty awesome - I came to the conclusion that the awesome touch sensitivity might be a function of this super CPU with 2GB RAM  
The battery seem to be good and it easily lasted over 1 day for average to heavy use. It comes with an expandable slot unlike Mi 4i - hence you don't have to worry about storage. You get upto 48GB of storage - 16GB + 32GB Expanable.  
Overall, the device truly is a killer note. This is truly a disruptive phone and thanks to Lenovo for bringing it to India. Thanks Flipkart for the prompt service. Enjoying this device and become a big fan of K3 note... 
 This is a great phone in this range. Kindly don't get fooled by other crappy reviews. Here are my observations : 
PROS (+) : 
1. Great Display, full HD display
2. Ultra smooth touch
3. Light weight
4. I played high graphics games like Relic run, Need for speed most wanted , gameplay was super smooth.
5 Android 5.0 (Other phones in this range comes with Android 4.4.4, for example Huawei Honor 4X, Xiaomi Mi4i).
6. Good camera quality.
7. Screenguard comes along the package and it FITS PHONE PERFECTLY (Few users mentioned that the screenguard didn't fit, they must be some kind of jerk)
8. Smooth video play, i played a Full HD video on YouTube and it played perfectly. (Some users complained that there was a lag in video play, they need to check their internet speed, i tested on 8Mbps airtel broadband and it worked perfectly).
9. Multitasking works perfect without any lag.
10. Nice Vibe UI, not the best but definitely good.
11. Great benchmark score of 45853 on AnTuTu Benchmark tool (More than phones like OnePlus One, Xiaomi Mi 4 etc.) 
12. Great sound, Dolby Atmos really does the job well. 
Cons (-) :
1. Only 1GB of RAM is remaining out of 2GB.
2. Front camera quality not so great as i would expect.
3. 3000mAh battery not sufficient for the phone, battery drains fast.
4. Charging time is high.
5. Doesn't feel sturdy in Hand, build quality could have been a bit better. 
People complain about not giving headset etc. however i think nower days it's a trend that companied don't give headsets and moreover i don't care for such things.
Thanks to Flipkart for a day delivery, was there on time. 
 Review after using k3 note for 38 days.
I boughtt k3 note in 1st flash sale (8th july) and delivered on 11th july. My Antutu performance is 43653, which is very good.
First thing is Software update - Please update it with 17 MB, don't go for 296 MB update otherwise you may face some Heating or wifi or Battery backup issue. I have the 17 mb update in my system and facing no problem at all many are reporting to have problem. So its better wait for few days. 
PROS- 
Display - full hd crisp display, pixel control is awesome, Viewing angle very good. you are getting a dual core graphics processor which is powered by mali-T760MP2 i.e. the latest battery efficient, powerful graphics card ever even from adreno.. 
Processor - lenovo has given true octa core means all the cores have been clocked to 1.7 ghz which is rare in other brands. All other octacore mobiles doesn't give the core by same clock-work power. 
Gaming - You can play Heavy games like Asphalt 8 without any lag. 
UI - Inbuilt VIVE UI is good but not the best one. Better wait for vibe's latest version, will be released this month. 
Dolby ATMOS - if you have a JBL, SONY, Beats, PHILLPS etc (reputed company headphones) you are going to blast with the dolby atmos feature.  
Ram - 2 GB ram with a DDR3 quality means it can give the boost of a 2.5gb at max work-load, which is again an extra benefit from lenovo. out of 2 GB you will get around 900 MB free.
ROM - 16 GB internal with a free space of 11+ GB enough to load heavy games and data.. 
LTE - both the sim-slot support 4G lte 
SAR rating - It has SAR rating of 1.59W/kg which is same as 
1. iPhone 6  SAR value  1.59
2. Motorola Droid 2 Global  SAR value  1.59
3. Sony Ericsson Satio  SAR value  1.56
4. Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro  SAR value  1.55
5. Motorola Droid 2  SAR value  1.43 
Camera - Primary cam is good enough and the SLR option is an advantage. As a smartphone photographer the device is very good but in low light a bit crappy but adjustable. Front cam is good for selfies but the beauty option soften the pics Focal length is 3.54 mm.  
Battery - 2900 mAh Good enough to stand 1 full day with 1 hr gaming (like Asphalt 8), 1 hr video, full day wifi, mobile data, 30 min call, 4 hrs music 
CONS-
No such major problems observed yet
UI - preinstalled apps are little awkward but you can easily unistall it.
Themes - Should provide more options to download themes.
Heating - a mobile with this much specs can heat a liitle. its not a issue becoz i know the facts 
Overall its value for money product, FULLY PAISA VASOOL 
 Light on weight, heavy on features. 
See the big picture on a 5. 5 Inch screen
Store all you want with inbuilt 16 GB Storage & expand to 32 GB by adding a MSDC.
Great Camera,
Bigger Battery 
Great Performance with a 1.7 Ghz Processor and 2 GB RAM. 
Wish List - have a better front camera for better selfies. 
Best value for your money compared to competition. 
 Hi I bought this product on 8th July which was the 1st flash sale.  
The phone seems to be fine and so are the features, only concern being the high SAR value. Also the Product was delivered on time.  
The phone worked fine for the first 12 days. But then I noticed that the battery would drain within a few hours of charging and post that the battery just gave up.  
Tried using another battery to switch the phone on and the phone works just fine. 
I am surprised that Lenovo is providing such poor quality products and flipkart backing them up. 
I will now have to either return the product to flipkart or search a Lenovo service station hoping for them to replace the battery. 
This mostly will be my last purchase from flipkart and lenovo 
Will update post my interaction with Lenovo service station. 
 just received the phone. Superb, Amazing, Mind blowing. Just loving the phone. Got as a gift for my dad on his bday + 25th Anniversary. Hope he will like it. I was expecting a decent phone at this price but what lenovo has provided just kept me AWESTRUCK. People who missed it on the first sale do go for the second one. This is a must have phone if you are planning to buy within 15k range.  
right from the moment i opened the box..
1. superb looks.. killer looks i must say. 
2. Doest even look like a 10k phone. Having looks of a posh Sony Xperia mobile
3. so light.... I mean sooo light that you feel as if you are just holding the mobile without the giant 3000mah battery
4. Smoothness... superb.. just works fantastic..
5. It has two screen guards inside the box.. UNEXPECTED
6. The only bad thing is it doesnt provides an earphone.  
P.S. Just go for it guys 
 It has really remarkable features in this price range. The 2GB RAM supported by an octa core processor makes it smooth experience to run multiple heavy apps simultaneously. It gives great music experience. The display clarity and camera quality is commendable. In conclusion, this is a complete package of excellent specifications at a throwaway price. I got lucky to make it in the sale, you can certainly try the next time.. good luck!! :) 
 Superior Product, Super Light, Excellent Audio and Video Quality, Great Battery Life. 
Great Value for Money.  
 Hey everyone , few of you are worried about its SAR value which is 1.59 which is high ... 
But let me tell you this is maxinum simultaneous value when all the transmitters work together ( bluetooth,voice call, wifi hotspot ) .. Max.sar value during call is 0.641 acc.to lenovo (source :twitter) .. So no need to worry ..  
And this is for 2g calls... For 3g it is even less .. 
And for your information ... If u are still worried ... Sar value of Iphone 6 is also 1.59 max... And as u know it's very popular in foreign countries ...because that is peak value .. Not peak value only for voice calls but when all transmitters are firing wireless signals at a same time ... Hope it helps ... 
Enjoying It .. 
 Pros: 
Full HD Screen.
13 MP rare and 5MP front camera with good Quality .
Faster than any other phone like Moto gen 2nd generation, red mi note.
Long Battery life, used almost full day with 3g and for downloads, still 40% battery left.
Touch is good.
Dolby music system is awesome with good sound quality.
No heating problem. 
I think this is the good economic phone in 10k with great features.
Best phone to buy today don't miss next sell :) 
 Firstly I thank Flipkart service for delivering my product faster and safer (Without any headaches). Special thanks to WS Retailer.
Lenovo has come up with a very good model at low price with awesome specs and it initiated the high competitive levels in smart phones society. 
Coming to Killer Note... Its quite common for any product to have pros and cons. lets see
Pros: 
- Good performance
- Reasonable battery standby on 4G
- Good camera quality
- Lightweight - don't feel carrying it
- Response faster though it shows only 750-900 MB RAM (don't know how it response for HD games,i never played so far)
- Sound with Dolby Atmos is awesome (Good for music lovers)
- Display is good but not gorilla glass
- Comes with Screen film and Airtel 4G sim, need not specially to go to shop for screen cover.
- Many apps were comes installed, Ready made android phone (except whatsapp :P ) and many good features as many android mobiles has. 
Cons:
-- SAR level is high(1.59 W/g -- 1.6 is limit) which is major defect.
-- l found littlebit heating issue while using wifi and on call (as I am using from 15th June), but less compared to other products
-- Poor body design it doesn't give great look especially with white unless u put back cases and all i mean white back and black front doesnt match exactly. 
-- Volume and power keys are attached to back panel (its advantageous in one sense bcz you can change it whenever they become old)
-- Slow charging
-- No headset (its okay bcz we will have our own sets, though they give may not be quality ones) 
These are about Killer, as we see there are not bigger cons (they are common for every phone) to say and has awesome pros.  
Hope Lenovo work on SAR and body design. 
ONE MAY GO FOR IT HAPPILY. ITS VERY GOOD PHONE UNDER 10K. 
Thank you   
 Awesome Phone
Pros
1.Display
2.Sound(dolby atmos)
3.battery backup
4.Speed is good for multitasking
5.COOL FEATURES(double tap fr wake up screen,scrren off gestures,quick snap etc)
many more 
Cons
Camera could have been better 
Go for it without any thinking, no heating problem i have observed till now worth buying jus go for it:)  
 the features very bad and built quality is very poor. the battary is very heating. the phone strucking on 1st day onwards. the phone touch is slowly working. they said 2gb ram but ram is 900mb only we use. the replacement gaurantee is fake .they didnote replace my phone. 
 Ordered this phone on 8-July-2015 Delivered on 12-July-2015
Reviewing this after 4 day in depth test :)
All of u already knows the specification... So lets come to the point:- 
1) CAMERA- Both the front n rear camera does a great job in day light but lacks in low light. 
Point- 4/5 
2) GAMING- Sad face here :( I'm a gamer and the phone really sucks at some game personally checked. Just have a look.... 
a) ASPHALT 8 - Lags like hell even in low setting (Don't know why may be 1080p display but my MOTO G2nd Gen handles it very well)
b) Modern Combat 5- Some frame drops but overall playable 
c) GTA SAN ANDREAS- Works well even in high setting
d) Real Racing 3- Awesome graphics handle this very well
e) NOVA 3- Again smooth game play
f) MORTAL KOMBAT- Smooth game play
So over all I fell we can play high graphic game and this Killer NOTE handles it well but may be few game needs update like Asphalt 8
Point- 4/5 
3) Display- Awesome no one can get this quality display at this price bracket. Truly amazed 
Point- 5/5 
4) Heating Issue- Frankly it heats up near ear piece while talking n in High end games every phone heats so not a big deal
Point- 3/5 
5) Battery- I say standby is amazing but if u use your phone continuously i.e gaming, talking, downloading it gets discharged in 7-8 hrs n for normal use its stands whole day in single charge. So battery backup totally depends upon your uses. In my case I charge it twice a day because I'm a heavy user.
Point- 5/5
My over all rating 4.2/5 and I'm satisfied with the product :) 
NOTE *** This phone is not for those who talk a lot over phone without earphone(Due to SAR Value and heats up near ear piece) 
 Okay :D I got the phone at the very first second after my 2 year old Xperia L. I just needed a phone anyway. I know the SAR rating is high but I don't think its gonna affect you so much in the way you guys are implying it to be. Who is gonna have the same phone for like 10 years to affect you with cancer? and are you really going to sleep over your phone or cuddle it? Anyway If you're going to use it normally it's not gonna affect you at all. Don't talk on the phone hours together. Just use a headphone! CHILL!! And put your phone on airplane mode if you're keeping it beside your bed. I keep it on my bed as I use this wonderful app called sleep cycle which monitors your sleep efficiency.
So I ll tell you how i felt about the phone.
Performance - I did test it vigorously on games. On Antutu I get 44-45k average and beats most of the phone out there. But I felt the 3D graphics is at PAR not very good. I played Modern Combat 5 and it did lag a bit but it can still be playable. It has 8 cores and most games don't use all the 8 cores. Multitasking is very good I can say. I just opened up many apps and chrome tabs and still find the interface is smooth.
Design - A normal light design and not very stylish but I like it.
Display- I feel the display is very good and the definition is good and sharp. 
Battery - It does take some time to charge from 50 - 100% but the battery back seems to be okay. I played modern combat 5 for like 30 mins and found only 8% drain which is okay I think.
Sound - Dolby Atmos. Get a good headset for this device and I think you ll enjoy the music. Enable the dolby atmos feature in the notification.
Camera - Its a pretty descent camera for a 13MP. The picture looks good and has a good definition. Even the front facing camera does a very good job. 5 MP. Nice selfies!
Has a notification light and both the sim are 4G enabled 
Videos are playing nice and has a very good clarity.
So the only con would be the SAR rating but provided if you use the smartphone like a smartphone and not sticking it all the time in your head, YOU'LL BE FINE! :D
Overall - 8/10
Performance - 8/10
Design - 7/10
Display and Camera - 9/10
Sound - 8/10
And I am pretty satisfied with the phone. For 10k, its a very good phone is my opinion! Good luck! 
 Yes. All the fuzz about it being a KillerNote is true. It is an awesome phone at really low price. But there are some things that didn't stand out very well. Lemme put it all in points. 
PROS :
1. So darn light. 
It doesn't feel heavy at all. Though, my friends also said that phone should not be this light (Don't know what they want from life) :/ 
2. Fits in your hand. 
I have been using 5 inch from since 2013 so 5.5 doesn't feel much different to me. I mean any 5 inch phone user will adapt in within seconds but if you have been using phones with less than 5 inch, you'll definitely complain about it. 
3. Awesome Battery Life.
I know it's been just a day I played Real Racing 3 (which requires hell a lot of Graphics and CPU with Wi-fi on) and also with my bluetooth headset connected to phone and battery dropped from 86% to 78% after 30 minutes of play. It's battery doesn't need any justification, it's just awesome. 
4. Performance.
I gave AnTuTu rating. To be honest I expected it to be ~46,000 but in my device it showed ~39,000(First thing I did after switcing on the phone). I am going to test again once battery is completely charged and all useless features off. Still with hardcore gaming without any lags it's great. 
CONS : 
1. Camera : Don't know what to say but it will not reach your expectations if you are expecting an awesome quality. It is better than mediocre but less than Awesome. 
2. RAM available in the end.
It has 2 GB ram but the problem is Lollipop. Most of you must be knowing it but system uses 1GB of RAM. So you get 1GB available only BUT in that that also still your apps uses background services which takes upto 200 MB. So in the end you'll get around 700-800 MB of RAM. Which is not bad, not at all but I see sometimes only 500 MB available even after closing all apps. 
3. Launcher.
To be succinct, USE Google Launcher if you actually want the feel of Lollipop. 
Conclusion : You cannot get any better phone than this even in if your budget is 15k.
Go for it. You'll not be THAAAT amazed but you are paying only 9,999. This gives all the features of a great phone costing 15-18k. 
 I decided to return back the product after receiving it as I did not like. Flipkart refused stating that they do not have policy to take it back if you do not like. duct may be person who called to say so also very rude in speaking. Product may be good but be aware, before you decide to buy and then want to return back. 
 Best phone in range of 9999 and awesome features .  
Pros: Full HD Screen
 Camera 13 MP with great Quality 
 Faster than any other phone 
 Long Battery life
 And much more 
Best phone to buy today don't miss next sell :) 
 Its Amazingly awesome phone at this range, Looks Premium, build greatly, Very light at weight, Screen quality is awesome, Run 1080p videos without any lag issue, Games runs great without heating issue. 
 Pros 
1. specs of a 30000/- phone, like 2gb ram and 16gb memory
2. good brand like lenovo, proven for its thinkpads
3. ease of buying
4. all at an amazing price of 9999/- 
i have ordered this product thru priority pass (on 7th july) and opted for standard delivery , but still got delivery by 2pm on 8th july, super fast delivery 
cons:- 
frankly none as it is super value for money 
KEEP IT UP LENOVO 
 I have Placed order for Lenovo K3 Note through Flash sale on 29-07-2015. Item delivered by Flipkart on 31-07-2015 by 2-20 P.M. I switched on the phone and found that Lenovo K3 Note is getting heated within seconds of switching on. Then I switched off the phone and kept it idle for few hours. Then in night again I switched on the phone and noticed the same problem. Then on 01-08-2015 I made a complaint with Flipkart for replacement of Lenovo K3 Note. I received a message from flipkart that, Technical expert will give solution for the problem on 02-08-2015
 On 02-08-2015 by 10-50 A.M Technical expert from Flipkart came on the line for troubleshooting. On that time temperature in Thanjavur , Tamilnadu is 28 C. But within seconds of switching on Lenovo K3 Note , temperature of Phone raises to 34 C. As per Technical support team guidance, I performed the few steps. But temperature of Phone still raises to 40 C then after few minutes it further raises to 42 C. Even I cant hold the phone in hand due to high temperature. I informed the same to Flipkart Technical Expert. Steps given by Flipkart Technical team in troubleshooting the problem didnt fix the issue
 Don't get trapped by the specification & brand . Don't buy Lenovo K3 note. Instead go for some better smart phone. 
 Hi All,
on 22nd July 2015, able to placed order and delivered on 23rd july 2015 but after using 1hrs found it is defective that wifi is not working if you are two step away from modem. 
which seems lenovo trying catch Indian market with compromising of quality check. 
Regards
Arun  
 I'm guessing the camera is the same generic chinese camera used in all these low end chinese devices, 8mp interpolated to 13mp. 
 heat and draining the battery and you can feel heat while talking to phone, you can feel this in 2 min. After starting the call. I can say this is bad design because charging port is at top of the phone near to ear piece. This should be at mic 
 Firstly, Everyone feels its a Good Phone under 10,000 range, but it has its own problems.
I would like to talk about Cons rather than Pros. 
After 2 and half week usage 
1. Whenever I switch on the camera, battery drains very very quickly. For people who loves to take photos and keep on using the camera, its a useless phone. But Pic quality is good as usual but who cares if it doesn't support for more that 1 hour, Since battery drains quickly 
2. Whenever I play any Game, Chess, Asphalt, Spiderman it never hangout, no performance lag, but it emits Heat more, more radiation. Useless
The thing is, if you get any phone call at that point of time, I bet you wouldn't dare to take the call, because all the heat generates at the top side of the phone where we keep our EAR to listen.
Stupid manufacturing. 
Other than that for normal usage, its battery lasts bit longer say 10 hours. 
Forgot to tell you, on Friendship day, I took minimum 100 calls and SMS, it started Heating, really it emits more radiation, which is not good for health. 
I don't know why they didn't give us a headset along with the mobile. That would have help us in attending call away from the receiver in the Mobile LOL ...its dangerous guys, too much radiation, I felt it. So please be aware. 
Better avoid this phone. Health is important. 
Thanks for reading, its true review. No Offense. 
 I purchased from flipkart got the product on 13 july only swipe on the cause excessively heating after checking scree temperature about 48oC . i placed return request their assistant told me submit this mobile to service centre. we are not responsible any kind of heating issue in the product . So don'T purchase this product. 
 After reading many positive review i got excited about my phone delivery. 
My excitement lasted for only few hours after delivery. Its just a Chine piece under LENOVO brand name. 
DISPLAY : 5/5 
UI SPEED : 5/5 
GAMING : 1/5 
CAMERA: 1/5 
CONS: 
1. Over heating when on call for more than 10 mins
2. Slow boot speed
3. Slow Charging 
4. Over heating when gaming for 10 mins
5. No headset
6. High SAR (1.59) Indian Govt. approves phones below SAR value 1.6
7. Gets slow in while gaming (Ex. Subway Surfers) 
 THANX FLIPKART AND LENOVO BECAUSE I HAVE TWO OPTINS WITH THIS SMART PHONE, I CAN USE THIS AS A SMART PHONE AND A HEATER,,,I CAN MAKE OMLET AND IRON MY CLOTHES AND NO SEPERATE CHARGES FOR ELECTRICITY ALSO YOU JUST NEED TO MAKE A CALL FOR 2 MINUTES AND START COOKING OR IRONING CLOTHES....AMAZING TECHNOLOGY...WAITING FOR THE RETURN...I LOST MY HARD EARNED MONEY 
 I am using it more than 10 days, And i would say This was my worst choice, I choose it on the base of specs, The mobiles' specs and mobile capability are just twice than my last mobile (Motorola moto g first gen), and i am surprised that performance is half. 
Problems:
1. Some times touch response lags.
2. Hang often and do not respond at all, you need to remove battery.
3. Battery performance is poor. 
If mobile do not perform as per its specification or customer is not satisfied than flipkart should refund money and stop selling such type of crap.. 
 Super Light / Excellent Video / Dolby Atoms / Dual Sim 4G / 13MP / 1.7Ghz. 2GB. 16GB 
ROM / 2900 mAh Battery - Power packed at amazing price. 
Great Phone.. worth every penny spent.  
 Good :  
1) Great UI
2) No lags.
3) Sound quality is good.
4) Awesome display
5) Very smoothness.
6) Game performance is better than Mi4i 
Bad:  
Every thing Good expect rear camera. 
1) Average camera quality. 
2) No face detection features in rear camera.
3) Lot of pre installed apps. we can't remove it.  
 I have purchase first time mobile from flipkart.
Performance of Lenovo K3 note is very bad.
Mobile getting hanged while operarating appilcation.
Battery getting low without use of mobile.
Mobile switch of automatically.   
 Flipkart delivery bang on time 
Pros
1. Light Weight, build quality and design
2. Screen clarity
3. Display is crisp 
4. Dolby Atmos audio quality
5. Battery back
6. USB cable (good quality) & screen guard provided
7. Vibe UI is attractive and useful. Internal security apps also good 
Cons 
1. bloatware ( I have uninstalled few ,but some are sticky ) 
2. No protective screen ( something like Gorilla Glass) ( Personally I feel this should be there with charges accordingly ) 
3 Feel charging via a computer USB port is little slow ( need to check again ) 
Totally satisfied with Initial usage. Will update after testing. 
I think Lenovo has hit the Bulls eye  
 Pros: 
Fantastic upgrade in terms of brand, configuration and best value for money.
Camera quality is amazing. 
Cons: 
Don't see any Cons after buying this phone.  
 I have been using the K3 note for 5 days this is the in depth review of that phone. 
It is a good phone for 10000 .everything is fine but the SAR VALUE AND CAMERA 
FIRSTLY AND MAINLY I will talk about the SAR value(specific absorption rate) which means the radiation comes out from the phone.the maximum SAR value from a phone in India is limited by 1.6/1 gm
...the SAR value of this phone is 1.590.don't buy this phone if you talk much on phone.it will harm your health.even though it is the maximum value the actual SAR value will be well less than in use but when your phones signal strength is week it will dischare its highest radiation and make you sick very soon.so don't use this phone for very long time.
health comes first..... 
Camera clarity is worst both 13 mp and 5mp..the 13 mp camera looks like a 5mp camera..the clarity of the photos are not that great and when you zoom that photo it becomes even more ugly....the front camera is also like that in indoor lighting condition if you try to take a selfie you wont get a good quality image...and in outdoor and natural condition it is ok but not that great.you wont get a good quality picture for uploading in social networking sites.you have to carry another phone/camera to take pictures .in terms of camera of the phone its just a crap. a7000/a6000/nitroa311/yu yureka,asus phones camera is far more better than this shit. 
When it comes to audio quality it is mind blowing..the speaker quality of the phone is really great.if you enable the DOLBY mode the sound clarity will increase. 
The screen quality of this phone is great.the full hd screen does its job .you can play high resoluton video without any lag.internet browsing is also good..no lag even taking good quality images. 
in gaming when you play high end games like asphalt 8 deadtrigger..there is a lot of dropframes..you wont feel much comfortable while games..but caual games runs smoothly without any lag. 
overall this phone is an avereage device.... the SAR value of the phone is very high,the camera is worst.don't buy this phone if you are concerned with camera ang gaming...you will get another good phones for this price.I know about the SAr value after buying this phone now I can't return the phone..so I DON'T WANT YOU TO GET IN THE TRAP WHERE NOW I'M IN....DON'T BUY THIS ITS DANGEROUS AND SIMPY WASTE OF MONEY. 
 Got mobile in 1st sale,facing battery hard to remove problem and upper portion mobile heated so much to 49 degree,flipkart also rejected my replacement request. 
 my k3 is full complaint.they willnot return item.they ask to show in service center.they says that there work is to sell mobile only. 
 I will buy Lenova k3 note last week(31.08.2015). I am using last one week, phone very compliant AUTO RESTART somany times daily. very problematic. 
 Lot of heat is generated even for a min call also. Ears are paining.
Please don't go with it.....To feel the heat they haven't given the headset as well.
More than 1 GB RAm is used by system OS itself. Fed up of the product and planning to return :( 
 I bought this mobile for calling and hearing music. But this is a very good multipurpose heating device. Vey good phone for winter season and even u can heat water from this mobile. 
THANKS LENOVO FOR YOUR MULTIPURPOSE DEVICE.
THANKS FLIPKART FOR SELLING SUCH A DEVICE 
 Even though it was a 13 MP camera - it doesn't look like even as a 5MP .
The picture clarity was not good.
Not zooming much(I think number of pixels are very low - they didn't mentioned this part in the specifications).
Battery is 2900mAh not 3000mAh - but battery was good (not bad).
Heating issue, when talking - for more than 5 minutes.
Touch is not working at in the edges.
No headset provided in the box - It will cost us again Rs.1500 - 2000 
Remember, there is no return policy in flipkart for mobiles - so, please double check when u want to buy this phone. 
 System eats up almost 1 GB of RAM. At any point of time, only 600 to 900 MB of RAM is available even if no apps are running. Android 4.4 of my previous mobile now seems better to me than Android 5 of Lenovo K3 Note. 
Only Chrome is available as a browser. And Chrome eats up more than 200 MB of RAM when running. Therefore, disabled Chrome and installed Opera. 
Too many unwanted apps. Uninstalled almost all of them. Although this won't make the phone fast, atleast I wont get irritated by the useless icons :-) 
Additionally, disabled Cloud Print, Drive, Google Play Books, Google Play Games, Google Play Music, Google Play Newsstand, TalkBack, etc in the Apps section and got rid of the icons for the apps i don't use. 
 I bought this phone on 1st flash sale and following are my observartions using it for 1 days. 
PROS
1. Light weight.All the persons who checked my mobile was surprised of light weight it was.Good weight distibution
2.Audio quality-Very crisp and clear with dolby audio(Tested with sennheiser CX 275 s).
3. Display: Full HD and it was Awesome experince.Tried watching HD video and it was like wow. Similar to Sony Bravia display phones .
4. Body: Good build quality for below 10000 phones.Very slim and handy
5. Connectivity: tried bluetooth,wifi and 4g.Everything is awesome and works as expected
6. Games: Plays all high end games smoothly .
7. Camera: Front camera is awesome for selfies.Back camera is very nice compared to other sub 10k phones.
8. Storage: 16gb is ample.Really good for installing apps
9. Black color phone is really good looking .Nice premium looks.
10. Myself Installed Lolipop launcher and now you will not miss app launcher.
11. 1.5 Amps charger and it looks sturdy and good in the price segment. 
CONS :
1. Need improvement for camera on low lit areas and indoor
2. Minimum 1 GB Ram is always occupied for OS and preinstalled Apps.
3. Battery backup is ok .keeps it for 1 day after using 3.5 hours of wifi and internet.If i continuously use for 6 hours of wifi and 3g, it will be finished. 
But all PROS shadows the cons.Go for it blindly. 
COMPARISON with Honor 4x
Advantages for Lenovo K3
1. Premium looks
2. Sound quality
3. Full Hd display
Disadvantages:
1. Camera. 
 There is a lot of hype for this product. Trust me this device is not bad however it's also not so great!
Before I start the review I would like to tell that my device is all up to date and for my issues I've done all troubleshooting. 
PROS: 
1) Looks: It's a beautiful device. Feels good to hold it in your hands. Build is also great and comfortable.
2) Display: Amazing! It's so good that you would love watching videos and playing games on it. It's a joy to look at screen.
3) GUI: It's really good. People complaining about VIBE are strange. Lenovo did a great job there.
4) Touch: It's smooth and amazing. You would just love to scroll through pages. There are cons too which I will add in cons section.
5) Battery charging time. People says that the battery charge very slowly. I would like to say you can't expect any device to charge instantly. Time for a full charge is ok.
6) Camera: I'm clicking a lot of pictures recently. Camera during daylight is simply awesome! In low light the camera is above average. Same review for Selfie camera. 
CONS: 
1) Heating: This is the worst part! You can't play games or watch movies for more then 15 minutes as the device will get heated intensely. Even though you're on a phone call for 15-20 minutes, you will feel very uncomfortable as the upper part of the screen will burn your ears. However the good thing is that once the device is heated you can use it too iron your clothes and boil water.
2) Battery standby: It's pathetic! You have to carry your charger with you as this device eats a lots of battery even without any apps running in the background.
3) Themes: You don't have much options in themes.
4) There are some unnecessary touch on the screen while browsing and you need to wipe screen every now and then to improve touch. Plus the screen is more like a fingerprint magnet.
5) Network: Signal drops out quite frequently.
6) Headphone issue: No, I'm not talking about a free headphone. Issue is that there are no 3.5 jack headphone compatible with this piece of shit! I tried JBL, Sony, Samsung and even china headphones. They don't fit in the headphone jack so I'm forced to buy an expensive bluetooth headphones!
7) Quality of back cover: It's a cheap plastic which is getting degraded day by day. Color is fading and you get a feeling that it's gonna break very soon. 
Verdict: Device offers great features but it's useless as whenever you try to do anything, it heats up. You literally can't do anything. They have offered Dolby Atmos but their jack is not compatible with any leading headphones. So go for any other device which will certainly give you a satisfaction of using a phone. 
No doubt they're creating so much hype and selling this shit in the name of flash sale. 
P.S Don't trust Flipkart's 30 days exchange policy: This is just a misleading statement as I tried returning my device and first they ignored it and then they just refused it by saying that the temp in my device is normal. You have to call them almost everyday and all they do is promise you a callback which never happens. 
 i checked this phone there is no problem
like
heating
processing
multi taking or else
support best video quality 
go for it dont miss the offer
thanks for flipkart for one day delivery
thanks to airtel for 4g free 4g sim.... 
 I replaced this device due to heating issue but the issue is still remain after replacement. 
GUYS, DON'T BUY THIS PHONE IF YOU ARE CALLING MORE THAN 10 MIN.
Camera clarity is worst both 13 mp and 5mp, 13 mp looks like 2mp camera.  
Audio and display quality it is good. Battery is is good when you are using normally without using wify. 
Camera = 2/10
Display = 10/10
Battery = 6/10
Sound = 10/10  
 Hii guys, thanks for such a nice phone launched by Lenovo company. 
The delivery service was very bad by the delivery man, delivered the package on committed time, but without contacting or informing the about the delivery time. 
Secondly the Lenovo K3 Note phone is overall good, no issues and smooth functioning software's and applications. 
Now the real issue is, the device is getting over heat even if you do not browse the internet or else you if you don't play a game also. Just browsing the phone menu makes the phone over heat, which is something needs to be sort out the by the Lenovo Technical engineers to resolve the heating issue. 
Thirdly the battery power drains very fast, after charged to a 100% full and even after using the function of battery saver power. 
I charged the phone 100% full in evening, guess what after an hour, the battery power drop to 88% without making any calls, browsing the internet, playing games and even on standby mode also. 
 I really don't understand, the company promises of long battery life atleast for 1 full day and which is something worst. 
You can also not use the external sd card applications at the same time owhen using internal memory, if you acces anyone of the memory, you'll not be able to use some of the applications such as google play store with proper wifi and internet connection. 
Lastly, when I unboxed the phone the screenguard which came with the handset was of low quality and was not sticking to the screen. 
Please make sure the readers, who are planning to buy this Lenovo K3 Note phone think thrice and then only buy the phone. 
 I ordered it on 9/7/2015 and flipkart delivered it to me on 13/07/2015. 13 Mp rear camera is good but 5 Mp front camera is average. Display is good. Battery back is not great as i charged it and used 1 hour for seeing the performance it went down to 70%. Heating issues while using internet and playing games within 30 minutes. Really worried about phone getting complaints in the future. So I am using it very cautiously. Usually I heard good responses for lenovo phones so i purchased my first Lenovo Phone but my expedition regarding the product was not very much pleasing after using it. 
 It's having more SAR value. not able to talk even for 2 minutes. headache and skin problems will come. other specs are ok. 
 I booked my phone on 15th 3pm sale for the white one and voila i got it on 16th itself ...kudos to you guys at flipkart. 
1.The phone is ultra light and is made in such a way that it wont feel too big for a small hand too. 
2.The cam is very good, would say the best in 10k range( I am in love with the front cam too which has nice features :) ) 
3.The sound of the speaker is crystal clear but lessens when you place the mobile on its back. 
4.Build quality is very good. The back cover is thin but of good quality and as i received the white color its actually pearl white . 
5.The only fault i found wad it has around 987mb of ram left for the users as the rest is taken by all the pre-loaded apps. 
6.No heating issues even after playing Clash Of Clans for 30mins. 
 Well I was pretty excited for my phone and it worked out to be nice...
1.sound
2.display
3.weight are good....
CONS->
1.gaming
2.camera 
3.and a lot of pre-loaded apps make it worse.
4.Then out of 2GB ram it always shows ~700mb....and 
then Since today tenth day of usage it stopped connecting with the WIFI...i checked it with 3 different routers and i have authentication issues.Well I've filed a return and let see what assistance will flipkart assign me 
 1. Heating Problem.
2. Battery Drains Very Fast. Fake 36 hrs Promise.
3. Doesn't Hang But Slows Down Frequently.
4. Not Sure Whether My Phone Is Faulty Or All Phones Have Common Problem.
5. Replacement Request Rejected 2 Times By The Seller. I am not able to understand that how can a technical person judge phone's Performance by checking it online for 5 to 10 minutes and give the result of the whole day phone's performance. 
 Facing following issues with the new K3 note phone bought from Flipkart: 
1. There is some problem with the microphone as during the call the other person is not able to hear anything, so it is not doing the most basic function what a phone is supposed to do. Don't know how can Lenovo ship such products to customers without testing properly.  
2. Phone is getting heat up within few minutes of using.  
3. Battery of the phone is so tight that it takes lot of effort to take out. You cannot take it out using your fingers or nails and have to use some other sharp object and lot of time and effort to pull out. 
I have immediately put a return request to Flipkart for replacing the device but their process is taking too much time and I expect it is still going to take lot of time.Really frustrated with the overall experience.  
People who are considering to buy K3 note, I would advise to consider some other phone if you do not want to go through any hassles as mentioned above.   
 call volume and voice clarity is bad
heating issue over connecting to mobile data. cam is not up to the mark and rest every thing looks ok 
 see frnds,,,really i am sufferingg,,,two days before i got this phone,,,by seeing the features wise,...it is good to buy,,but,,,,it is getting,,,heat,,,if u talk just 5 minss,,,very much i feeling very bad,,,chaa,,,its not a fake,,,,,,,, 
just seeing the features,,,i bought and i am suffering,,please think before u buy,,,, 
now my friends also checked and saying it is geting heat within 5 mins,,,its iiritating,,actually i want to complaint to lenovo swervice centre...also regarding,,dis,,,, 
please think before u buy,,,,  
 Phone will get really heated up like anything within 2m while playing game and we are not getting ear phones along with the phone. Think before buying. 
 [UPDATE] After one week of using Lenovo K3. 
First thing first!!!! 
Got my Phone on-time. 
Nice features. It equals a 30k worth mobile. 
Valuable & worth for the money!!!!! 
[UPDATE] After one week of using. 
Pros:
#Good Display 
#Good battery withstand capacity.
#Usable for average gaming but minor lags in high end games. 
#OTG-support superb!!!! 
 ~Able to connect USB joystick and wireless keyboard and mouse. 
#Good internet speed.
#Call clarity good.
#Double tap to wake feature.
#Access camera when device is locked using the volume keys and take pictures.  
Cons:
#GPS accuracy lags.
#System itself occupies 1GB of RAM. 
#Sometime disabling internet from the lock screen doesn't work even though the icon shows as disabled.
#Doesn't supports dual band 802.11 b/g/n/ac. 5Ghz is not working in wifi. 
#The 3.5mm audio jack doesn't really fit for the headsets.
Rest...Its a good Phone.... Value for MOney!!! 
Go for it!!!!!! 
 Design: 5/5 
Any phone will be in rectangle shape of course few phones are available in Square shape as well. Cause our pockets are Rectangle/Square shape :P 
So Design of phone wont be a concern. By the way Size and Weight of the phone is OK (5.5 Inch & 150 Grams) 
Battery: 5/5 
Removable 3000 mAh battery (Its a Power Beast Battery which lasts at least 24hrs ON Full with Wi-Fi/3G/4G) 
Performance: 5/5 
Its a 2GB RAM @1.7 GHz + Cortex-A53--- this processor runs fast @ smooth performance. 
Graphics chip is ARM Mali-T760 which is latest technology and its mainly used for the Games & watching Animation Videos of Superb quality. 
Special Feature: 5/5 
Its a Full HD (1920 x 1080 Pixels) IPS display phone. Screen Viewing at this resolution will be AWESOME. 
Sound Enhancement - Dolby Atmos - To enjoy this feature One should have a Branded Headphones so that every bit of music will be enjoyed with this "Dolby Atmos" feature. 
Camera: 4.5/5 
13MP primary and 5 MP Rear(Front) Cam. 
I heard a lot many NEGATIVE reviews about the CAM for most the mobiles. It's not the fault of the Mobile CAM it's a problem with the MOBILE Owners, they take a snap and expect the Quality should be of DSLR :P. 
If you want a Descent Pic then go for "HDR" mode, here the condition is "Both the Object and CAM should be Steady" then you will get a AWESOME Pic :D 
If you want to cover a Long area then go for "Panorama" Mode. here the condition is "Both the Object and CAM should be in LINE" then you will get a Long Awesome Pic :D 
Overall: 5/5 
What else your looking @9999/- price range....!!!!!
This is the BEST phone from all perspectives :D just GO FOR IT :-) 
Even if you don't like the above spec then Go for Higher Price Range @25K and get the Same Spec :P  
 1) Display not appearing correct color.
2) Phone looks very cheap.
3) its have 2 gb ram and Octa-core 1.7 GH but its hang maytime and very slow phone.
4) this is chinese phone and china dumping kuda karkat in india.  
 Battery quality is poor, frequently restarting , over heat when you are using with internet.
Not worth of paying 9999 :( . flipkart doesn't accept to return.. 
 All features are good except its heating issue. Phone getting more heated while charging and other usages. Then we cant even touch the phone cos of severe heat in the phone. 
 Here is the genuine review for so called the killer note..
Before buying ask yourself two questions
A) Is it worth to invest Rs10k in a phone with which u cannot even talk..
B) Is the phone providing u with the basic features of a smartphone. 
Here is the reality check
1) Calling: Heats at the ear piece that u cannot talk for 5 mins. 
2) Camera: Both front and back cameras are bullshit so u will regret if u r purchasing this just becoz they say its 13 MP its not even 8 MP. 
3) Gaming: Lags with high end games and gets heated up. 
4)Social networking: The battery drains too fast that u will end up charging the phone whole day as the charging time is more than 4hrs so if u charge the phone twice u will waste 6-7hrs jst charging the phone. 
5) Touch issue: The touch becomes unresponsive while typing msgs. 
6) Build quality: worst, made up of cheap plastic back cover makes sound if u hold it tightly. 
7) SAR: This is the major issue it comes out to be 1.59 and u can feel it as well I get headache and nausea while talking and using the phone in 10 mins. SO ITS A #KILLER NOTE IT WILL KILL U. 
8)Sound quality: Giving 1 star jst for it dolby atmos do the justice. 
9)RAM: only 900 MB for use not even 1GB wtf. 
10) UI: Boring you cannot customise anything. 
So over all its just a piece of chinese shit for which flipkart is creating hype and for ur convenience flipkart refuse to replace the product so beware. So if u don't care for your health and hard earned money go for it...will regret after buying
#neverbuyanythingfromflipkat 
 I own Galaxy Note3 N900. I was waiting for OnePlus 2. But could not resist my urge to try out the well hyped 'Killer Note' for 10K. 
I am going to compare it with Note 3(current cost Rs 30K, cost when I bought Rs 45K!) 
1) Display: I didn't expect the display to be good. But, it is vivid and pleasure to use though the contrast can never be compared with AMOLED display. This is the best part of K3 Note. 
2) Camera: OK camera. Bit laggy and lot of over processing done . For selfies it seems to be better than Galaxy Note 3 
3) Performance: No issues and lags in regular use. But, you can see the occasional frame drops when there is lot of IO(like update or install of apps in the BG). I see this in a Galaxy Note 3 as well. But never try to use features like Secure zone and expect it to perform. It lags like hell when you enable secure zone. 2GB RAM is not enough for this feature. 
4) 4G: The main reason I wanted to get this phone. Hell with Sammy for not giving LTE in Note 3. 4G speed I saw with Airtel was 11Mbps download - must faster than 3Mbps I used to get in 3G 
5)Battery: I got only 2900mah battery(minimum spec). Not sure who gets the 3000mah battery. If most of the pieces shiped with 2900 better to update teh spec with 2900mah instead of 3000mah. It is too early to comment on the battery. But my initial use shows similar battery performance as Note 3. Yet to load all my apps. 
6)Software: Better than Touchwiz. But there are bloat-wares in this as well. But, there will be stable CM for K3 Note in couple of months. Note 3, yet to get a stable CM and Note 5 is expected in couple of months. 
7)Sound: The speaker is not loud as I would expect. Sure to miss calls in bit noisy places. Sound quality even with headphones is average. Not bad as well is not good. 
8) Sensors: Has all important sensors. Additional FM is good compared to Note3. But I may miss IR blaster. Wont miss: NFC, Gesture,Humidity,Pressure & Temperature sensors of Note 3. 
9) Build:OK build quality & feel. Almost same size as Note 3 but bit lighter.  
Bottom-line:
* Is it a good purchase for someone looking for a phablet: Definitely Yes.
* Will it replace my Note 3: No. I will wait for OnePlus 2 
 Received the phone and the very next day itself after one days use , we realized this phone has sound - hearing - speech quality issues, and I had lodged complaint to flipkart to have this replaced. What was being spoken was heard in a distorted manner in the other end and vise versa , they gave a troubleshooting guide instead!!! , which was also followed executed with no change , I feel cheated as long term customer of this site and want my money back. It is not my fault that Flipkart wanted us to try the trouble shooting guide and gave us time till 28th of Sept 2015. The phone does not serve the purpose of basic talk and listen properly and cant be used . I have re lodged the complaint to have this taken back and my money returned.  
While I don't want to discourage other buyers , but this is current experience with the purchase of this particular model of lenovo phone online. 
 I know peoples like me look for reviews before buy i will tell you everything clearly.. 
1. Performance is fantastic no lag till now and it was super speed
2. It gets little warm after playing games for 30mins not heavy bt little warm
3. When coming to "Display" Here where it wins more than its perfomance , When u r in crowd people will luk at your mobile for sure for its stunning display and butter smooth touch
4. Battery :- charged my mobile 100% at saturday and then i charge it back at tuesday morning while it was 25% i made calls used wifi and data for update and app installations in between..
5. camera here it has bad reviews and it was true , i know that well but i have a gud DSLR so i dont want a best mobile to be with best camera and at this price too it cant be.. if u want a gud camera it k3 cant be your choice but if luk for performance, display etc nothing can beat k3 in this range thats for sure so far... 
so think well before u buy..  
If camera is your 1st option then k3 is not for u..  
If peoples like me who luks for beautiful display ,stylish design , light weight , gud performance without any lag u can buy k3 blindly..there willl be new mobiles coming day by day with pros and cons on each.. among them k3 has cons on camera alone.. aahh i forgot to mention its audio effect through headset was mind blowing u il love to hear your fav songs because of its dolby atmos app.. (note :- i bought mi headset seperately ) os also gud everything is gud nothing is there to say bad about it other than camera (note :- only rear camera bad front camera is gud for selfie) 
Thanks for reading :) All d best 
 After Using this phone for about three days. These are my views about it. 
1) Display: Amazing, Looks good. Clarity is great and you can adjust the tone according to your taste. But the ambient light sensor doesnt work properly in low lit areas and show weird response. Might be a software glitch that may improve with update. Another thing i noticed after using phone a lot, the touch response starts loosing sense in lower portion of screen. Might be its in my phone or software issue.
2)Sound: Rear speaker is loud and has enough clarity. Use better earphones and u will love the sound through atmos software in the phone.
3)Calls: its clear with good reception and clarity. Just the sound through ear piece is bit low to my liking.
4)SAR: Didnt face any headache or anything. Does heat at ear piece if u accept calls while its charging.
5)Camera: Both rear and front camera are good not the best. Takes good pictures even in low light. But ur hand should be sturdy or u would get blurred images. No image stabilization. Videos taken are good but no touch to focus sometimes create a mess.
6)Battery and Charging: Battery lasts a full day if u are a moderate user with all settings at on. Heavy user can accept charging at evening. 5 hrs of screen on time is good
7)Apps: When storage is set to phone no apps can store data to sd card and when storage set to sd card. sd card is ur primary memory and all data saved to sd card. Even whatsapp data. phone storage remains intact. 
Thats all. Its a best phone if ur budget is 10k. Decide as per ur needs and this review. 
 This is the best phone under 10k price tag. I like the look and feel of the phone which is way better than a 10k budget phone , the phone is amazingly light weight, which some people like and some don't, the performance is the best part of this mobile , its silky smooth whatever is thrown onto that processor it just does the job pretty smoothly, the only thing i am little worried is its battery, its 2900mah which could be a little more than 3k mah. The disappointing thing in the phone is that i expected a better camera. The camera is just above average. 
other than camera everything is awesome in this phone.
some new features have been introduced in this model like wide touch, we do not have to use the lock button. The UI is designed very well and it looks fluidic. The touch is also super smooth.
u can just go for it 
try for the new white colour i think it would look better in white ;) 
 Believe it guys, you cannot have a deal as amazing as this with a reasonable price.  
I don't know how people are giving bad reviews about this product (maybe they received faulty handsets) as I have been using it for 2 weeks now and haven't faced any of the issues mentioned in any reviews here. 
The camera is very good and the battery backup is for 2 days even if you play games, listen to songs or watch videos. Sound quality is way too awesome due to Dolby Atmos provided. The phone is sleek and stylish at the same time. 
So my suggestion is, go for it without a second thought.  
 no words......guyz i reqst u to buy this phone..........
certified buyer 
Best phone in 10k and delivered within 24 hours by Flipkart.
Pros:
Full HD Screen.
13 MP rare and 5MP front camera with good Quality .
Faster than any other phone like Moto gen 2nd generation, red mi note.
Long Battery life, used almost full day with 3g and for downloads, still 40% battery left.
Touch is good.
Dolby music system is awesome with good sound quality.
No heating problem. 
I think this is the good economic phone in 10k with great features.
Best phone to buy today don't miss next sell :) 
 Edit review : 
Returned phone - Had a manufacturing defect because of which had to return the phone. The photo which looked crisp on the phone, looked pixelated when veiwed on a laptop/desktop - the camera is extrapolated. Re-rating this phone - a bit disappointed !! 
After two weeks of use, here's sharing my experience : 
The phone is wonderful at first sight. Its really light-weight for a 5.5 inch screen and 2900 mah battery (yes not 3000 !!) with a great display, including the screen to body ratio. Colours are nice and vibrant. In the box you would find the usb cable with adapater along with a free screen guard - it does not have any Gorilla glass protection and no headphones (bad) !! It takes a lot to remove the battery - a real fight it is !! The hardware is heavily packed but the os and the bloatwares (mostly from google itself) takes away some shine. Around 10.5 GB is available and these cannot be moved to SD card (inspite of having Lolipop. Lenovo still has not provided users with the latest version which allows the apps to be moved to sd card). Moreover, inspite of a 2GB of RAM, only 600-700 mb at max is available. Thankfully there's no lag, even with high end games but need to clear it from the recent menu once you are out of the game. Rear is great with crisp and sharp pictures. However, the 5mp multi-featured front cam trumps in this category - selfie kings/queens would love it !! The phone does have some nice and useful features which many would find useful, the power saver especially is brilliant, as also some other smart feaures. With heavy usage, battery would hardly last a day but with low to medium usage, battery would last more than a day specially with the above feature tunred on as and when required. The phone heats up on medium outdoor usage and when you play high end games (understandbly because its octa core) at the point right below the camera (guess that's where the cpu is). The sound section is overall VERY BAD - speaker phone is decent but the ring tone cannot be heard even from the next room. While speaking, if you hold the phone at 30-35 degrees or even far, the person on the other side would barely be able to hear you as if you are speaking from the border!! The 3.5 mm jack is the biggest trick of Lenovo which does not allow other earphones to be jacked in (sounds like Apple isn't it ?). No accessories available yet, not sure if the one's for A7000 would fit, even Flipkart execs could not assist. One big problem I have faced is with the proximity sensor not working properly. Long duration calls easily ensures a lot of background apps being initiated due to the sensor not working properly - needs a big update to fix all these. Overall, for the price tag, not a bad phone but its definitely not a killer phone !! 
 Pros 
big screen 
display 
touch response 
Cons 
battery lasts 1 day on average usage (from 9am to 9pm) 
feel hot at ears while calling 
heating while playing  
 Ok, so i am writing this review after using the phone for 3 days. maybe i am not making the most of it but still i would like to tell you about the phone. 
OverView: 
First and foremost, the phone is brilliant and super sexy when u look at it. THe screen is amazing. The processor is just awesome and RAM is more than enough. But wait, here is where the good things end.  
SOFTWARE:  
I don't understand why does a company want to use their own skin and destroy stock android! The VIBE UI 2.5 messes up the whole phone. Out of the 2GB ram , you get only 400-500 MB free at a time. You cannot add folders of your own on the home screen, and if you do, you cant rename it! Yes! it just sits there saying "Folder". No matter yo add one folder or 500, all will be named as folder. There is no customisation otopn at all. 
SCREEN :  
The screen is simply amazing. No complaints. Apart from the NO GORILLA GLASS, its good. Also it is prone to attracting fingerprints. 
GAMES :  
I have installed heavy games like ASPHALT 8, MC5, SIX GUNS, NFS:MW. All work fine but after you finish playing each game, make sure to clear it from the recent list or else the next game would either crash or lag. 
CAMERA; 
The rear camera takes good pictures but with a little bit noise occasionally. The fron camera is not at all for selfie lovers 
BATTERY: 
Now here is a part which most of love. Whether the battery has a good backup. Well on aper it says 2900mAh battery, but maybe because of the large screen and more RAM usage, it hardly will last 7 hours on continuous 3G usage. 
CONNECTIVITY: 
Occasional call drops, but the speaker is crisp.3G, 2G WiFI work good. I mostly god good reception everywhere. Waiting to use 4G. 
VERDICT: 
Well if you are used to operating the STOCK ANDROID like me, don't even dare to go for this product! Rther go for the MOTO G2. Its really not worth the hype. I am actually planning on selling this phone ASAP. 
 I don't know that is it only me or is it a generic problem, but I found the battery is getting stuck once I place the battery in its slot. I also took it to lenovo service center who suggested me to exchange the piece as it might be defective. So that is what I did, but to my misery, the new piece also has the same problem I also told the flipkart person to try their hand, but even they couldn't do it. Then few of my friends came by and the ones with a bit of nail and those who were powerful(the gym guys) could open it that too after few minutes of struggle. I took the phone for my sister thus I am that there is no chance that she could open it. I called the customer care they said the delivery is not updated in their system and ask me to call later. I am planning to return the product. I don't know if it is the problem with the specific handsets or the model itself. 
 as many of the reviewers have stated before me how great the device is. i will not go into the details much but will point out some pros and cons of this phablet and compare it with my oneplus one  
lets start with the pros of K3 note.
1. Display, the display is crisp and vivid, its accurate and the colour reproduction is accurate. the viewing angles are good but not great. you will not find a reason to complain and there is a option to boost display brightness in sunlight under settings. it needs to be tested as i have not seen the sun due to rains in past 2 days of getting device.  
2. Build is good and the soft touch back is nice to hold, its same build and look of A6000, A7000 and i do not see the reason to complain the vol and power buttons are metal and thats good.  
3. Sensors which are needed are present, you have double tap to wake and gesture controls. there is no tap to sleep. i admire the fact that lenovo has given proper sensors and led notification light. it has gyro, accelerometer, magnetometer, orientation sensor, gravity sensor, light and proximity sensor and all of them work well.  
4. 5 mpx front facing camera is good, it has beauty shot and 13mpx rear camera is decent. it can be compared to M1 Note and One+ camera and i assure you lenovo K3 camera is than meizu M1 note and on par with oneplus camera  
5. both sims support 4G which is good thing and the network strength and call quality is good. i can say that voice quality over the earpiece is better than oneplus one. the rear speaker is good too, better than Mi4I and has good depth of voice. there is no distortion of sound. loudness is lower than oneplus and A6000 plus but better than M1 Note from meizu and Mi 4I.  
6. WIFI and tethering have good range, in my house the last room gets very low signal strength but K3 note was showing 1 or 2 bars where other mobile like Oneplus either drop wifi or show just a dot. speed over cellular network is very good.  
7. GPU is Mali T760 MP2, which will let you play any game in playstore without a issue. but the thing here is the same GPU performs better in A7000 as it has less pixels to push on screen. i have noticed some lag and drops in frame in some heavy games like asphalt 8, NOVA while they play better on A7000.  
8. Touch is good and i would say better than A6000+ which i was using earlier and i would say touch response is better than One+.  
Now coming to CONS. the device is very good but not the perfect device as it could have been. 
1. the look is similar to A7000 and the design is now old, all the A6000, A6000+, A7000 and K3 note are same design. also the back on K3 note is less rigid than one on A6000+  
2. SAR ratings are the highest on any device seen in recent times, its almost at the allowed limit. allowed limit in India is 1.6 w/kg and K3 note has 1.59 w/kg. very high. dont get this device if you talk a lot on your cell phone. i am quite suprised that no one talks about this  
3. there is no protection on glass like corning or dragontrail, the glass is hardned glass as per what customer support told me but its a finger print magnet and it does get scratched quite easily as i have seen on A7000. get a tempered glass of good quality  
4. The dolby atmos does not work with every music, i dont see any change in music when dolby is on or off. also the quality through headphones is not good. i tried it with different headphones.  
5. Vibe UI is not that good, it feels like a half baked version of android with missing features. for instance there is no option to edit lock screen or the notification lights depending on your choice. nothing 3rd party launcher or lightflow wont fix  
6. Battery and heating. well i would say 2 days is not enough but using both sims and wifi always on, i am seeing battery life is not that great.
 its decent but i would say that i am getting much higher battery life on my oneplus and when playing games, it does heat up a bit. dont get me wrong its not very hot but it does heat up to around 44 - 47C. the biggest issue for me is the screen heats up too and using device for call is hard then. dont expect it to run cool but it will not heat up a lot.  
7. RAM optimization needs rework, on first boot you will get around 950 mb but i have seen fore close of apps when multi tasking. its a issue with software and not hardware.  
Final say,
i would say if your usage is more towards multimedia consumption and using device to chat of social sites along with some casual gaming then at this price, you have no other option. there will be some heating but it beats all other devices in under 12K bracket. if you use this as primary device and take lot of calls, be safe and get something else as it has very high SAR value which you should take note of.  
Lenovo voids warranty when you root or install custom OS  
 Have been using the K3 for over a day now so finally decided to write the review, won't go over the specs as everyone knows those. 
First the battery life, after a heavy to moderate use the battery has lasted for 15 hours with still 5% remaining and I am pretty sure I can stretch this for another hour or so. All this without activating any sorts of power saving feature that are there on the phone. Was on 3G whole day and both my SIM's are active and I am always online chatting and surfing and browsing so screen was on for most of the time at 50% brightness 
So with proper power management this can go well over a day I feel. 
No heating issue has been faced by me while on call or while using 3G, did not play any graphic intensive game so cannot tell about heating while gaming. 
UI is quite smooth and you get used to quite easily. Loads of features on the Vibe UI haven't still used all. 
At first boot around 1GB of RAM is free and depending on what apps you install at any given point I noticed that around 800 MB to 900MB is free with apps running in the backgroud. RAM management is good the custom UI takes around 30MB to 40MB so that's okay 
Out of the 16GB internal at first boot you will get 9.61 GB free which is sufficient as apps that are installed in the future can be shifted to the SD card if it is supported by the developer. Also i liked that most of the apps provided by Lenovo can be uninstalled if you are not planning on using them which up free's up some internal memory 
Cons: Well not too many but some people might be disappointed to know that no earphones provided in box, but personally I feel that's okay cause I anyway do not use stock earphones and buy good quality ones 
Din't like the screen guard that was provided went and got a new one from shop before I started operating the mobile, dont want any scratches on the screen. 
LED notification like is only dual tone i.e only Green and Red and no customization there but I guess with some 3rd party app that can be dealt with, but it doesn't bother me much 
Overall performance is quite smooth and good an heavy multitasking and screen is quite sharp. All of these experience I am basing the comparison based on my previous phone XOLO Q800 so user experience may vary. But I am sure this phone won't disappoint 
 Not good quality of rear and front
13mp rear is look a like 5 mp
and
5mp front qualitty is like 2 mp  
 if u are a heavy game lover then my humble request is not to buy this mobile.just received mobile yesterday and switched on it and i installed asphalt 8, what i noticed is it is lagging which will not let u enjoy the game at all and iam very much disappointed with this. even clash of clan is also lagging. it is only recommended for those who wont play much games and use for calling(max)
pros:good battery 
 large internal memory 
 large screen
cons:bad bad camera, 
 it clearly lags,u will definitely hate this, 
 heating problem 
 Its a piece of crap, Heats like an iron box over the ear, and wifi stops working in the middle,  
For heating issue the answer they have is "battery is still less than 45Deg so normal sir"
Flipkart Idiots, I am taking using earpiece, not with battery. And I ordered a phone ,not an Iron box. 
Wifi issue, Its a common issue, the wifi chip is not stable, so you have to adjust with it.   
I HAVE SUBMITTED MY LENOVO K3 NOTE ON 11 JAN 2015 WITH SERVICE NO
-SRIN4241601110008. ON SUBMISSION SERVICE CENTRE REPORTED IN MEERUT THAT THEY WILL NEED 25 DAYS TO REPAIR MY TOUCHSCREEN OF MY HANDSET K3 NOTE ,,,LEFT WITH NO CHOICE I HAVE LEFT MY PHONE WITH SERVICE CENTER IN MEERUT. I HAVE PURCHASED MY HANDSET ON 2 SEPT 2015.. 
PATHETIC SERVICE SO BUY AT UR OWN RISK SINCE U WONT GET GOOD AFTER SALE SERVICE ...ONE STAR FOR SERVICE OTHERWISE PHONE IS GOOD 
 Although it is said that the phone has a 3.5mm audio jack but no 3.5mm earphones can be plugged in completely it falls out.Processing is slow and camera is crap blurred video etc. Using this half day came this much to note don't know whats ahead Display is awesome 
 I was using Mi 3 which I bought on first batch sale, It is one of the most beautiful and awesome proforming mobile.
This time on first sale I bought LENOVO K3 note, It didnt disappoint me in terms of value for money. 
Good things.
1).Nice Built quality.
2).Superb music quality.
3).Very handy to use even with 5.5 inch screen.
4). Awasome UI.(better then MIUI) 
Not Good things.
1). Battery back up is very bad.
2). Its getting heat while watching youtube videos and front camera.
3). In last one week usage it got hanged once, I am scared. 
If your are upgrading from lower end mobile this will be the superb choice, but not worth to jump from any flagshilp phones.  
 Guys i got my lenovo k3 note its dam good and prety yar,some reviews maid battery worst and display till now my battery is working min 32 hrs without charge continuous wifi,and display is dam good 
 Headphones is missing, It is not part of Mobile Accessories.  
Camera photo quality is not up to the mark as compare to other with same price range. 
lenovo VIBE Theams(UI) is not that interesting as compare to others bad. 
 i hve seen lenovo 6000 + 7000 k3 but k3 is unique in performance 
touch 
just go for it not waste money for highend name or processor
rockz dolby space fastt 
cons: no headset ****;no gorillla glasss; no logo in front face 
 west of money after upadate 332 mb ,camara connecting ,screen goes black,overheating,google play apps not ,intenall memory data show only in file manager ,very slow performace as its config. 
 very poor quality of this mobile hanging very much and bad camera quality and i have been already returne to flipkart 
 I have been using the Phone for over a Month now. The best Android Phone as of now in the market for the Price Point of 10K. Yes it is having a few shortcomings but so do other Phones in the market and at the price point we can't expect the features of the High End Smartphones.  
Pros:-
1. Amazing Display size and Display, Full HD videos are playing flawlessly without any stutter or lag. Checked it with bunch of Full HD Videos. Video clarity and picture clarity are superb. 
2. The best part is, it is coming with Android L out of the box, with some very good features like multi user support, higher security etc.,
3. Dual SIM. Both SIMs support 4G. You have choose the option of the SIM for the Data Connection and voila the phone automatically downgrades the other SIM to 2G. Though it takes 10-15 seconds for SIM switching. If you are not having 4G SIM, 3G or 2G will become default.
4. The sound output is very good. Dolby Atmos is functioning excellently, to experience it you need a good Headset or Earphones, not the ones usually supplied by the manufacturer. I bought the Mi Pistons3 for Rs. 999/- on the day of launch and have been using them with this Phone. The sound clarity is awesome and damn good bass output, feels like standing in front of a big speaker in an arena sometimes.
5.Its loaded with features like Power Manager, GPU and Screen Power Saver, Double Tap the screen to unlock,Smart scene, Pocket Dial Prevention (enable it to avoid butt dials), Call Recorder inbulit in dial screen etc., check them in notifications menu settings as well as settings.
6. Performance is outstanding, multitasking can be done without much lag. 
7. Very light weight, doesn't feel like i am carrying a phone in my pocket.
8. And finally coming to the issue of SAR Value as some of the good users pointed out, its the MAX Value emitted by the Phone when all the antennas (Mobile, Bluetooth, WiFi, GPS) are operating at their Peak, usually when the signal is good the antenna operates at a lower level and emits lower SAR. So don't get scared because of it. 
Cons:-
1. As some users pointed out there is a heating issue sometimes, but not like some saying that it reaches 40, 45 degrees. For me while using the Mobile Data to browse the Internet or Watch Videos on Youtube the device is getting Heated up. But no issue of heating while doing the same on WiFi network. Yes while palying games also there is some heating issue for demanding games, so do other phones have the issue. 
Lenovo has fixed the issue with OTA Updates of the Software. Just update the Phone to latest version of the Software before using it. 
FINAL VERDICT: 
JUST GO FOR IT BLINDLY, you will be satisfied with it. 
 This mobile was too much waste reason is xendar and share it dos not connected to other mobiles if u have connect another mobile that mobile also be hanging this mobile apps dos not connected another mobile my openian is giving rating is 0 rating so my suggestion is SONY better THIS PRICE 
 I was quite excited when booked this killer note on the first flash sale.
BUT when i used this phablet it was below my expectation.
Very important issue is it's heating problem, Whenever i charge or use 3G data it starts heating abrubtly and temp reaches upto 48 C.
This is weird. Lenovo should do something to resolve this issue.
Its rear camera is also not upto the mark. It gives you an image like an 8MP camera.
Its high SAR value is a serious problem too.
I am regretting on my choice as lenovo fails in providing a good product.  
 Bought this phone on the flash day sale as a replacement for my Moto G 2nd Generation. 
Below is my comparison review on both the phones, hope it will help those who are looking to make a purchase decision between these two phones: 
1) Build and design
=============== 
a) Build quality
K3: 7/10
G2: 9/10 
The Moto G2 is clearly a much better built phone and can withstand abuse. I have dropped it umpteen number of times unintentionally but there is not even a scratch. The rubberized back and gorilla glass definitly are a plus.
K3 on the other hand is not in the same league. Its not flimsy, but definitly cannot live upto Moto G2's standard. 
b) Weight
K3:9.5/10
G2: 8/10 
Here, the K3 scores. Extremely light weight and a breeze to carry. G2 only slighly heaviour even though smaller. 
c) Screen
K3: 9/10
G2: 7/10 
K3 simply blows G2 on the screen. Higher resolution and 1080p against Moto's 720p. It is bigger as well, being 5.5 inch as against 5 inch moto. Only grouse is the absense of Gorilla glass. 
2) Battery life
==========
A lot has been said about it, but nothing conclusive.
Well, my experience is not so good with K3 when i compare it with the MotoG2. The Moto G2 easliy gave me with 1.5-2 days of usage with Wifi/Edge/Youtube/browsing. The K3 on the other hand gives around 12-14 hours on similar usage. So not very impressed. 
K3: 6/10
G2:9/10 
3) Performance
============
Here, i need not say much. The K3 has a bigger hand in terms of specs on paper and in real world. G2 is far behind in this race :) 
K3: 9.5/10
G2: 7/10 
4) Sound
=======
Enough said about Dolby ATMOS, but my experience with Sound is not so good on K3. With Sennheiser Cx 275 earphones, the sound quality is abysmal with K3. With Moto G2 the quality of both earphones and inbuilt speakers is better than the K3. Whats worse, i observe cracking of noise on phone speaker when calling and IVR number (like Airtel 121) and volume set to highest or a point below highest. 
K3: 6/10
G2: 9/10 
5) SAR Values
===========
Both the device have high SAR. G2 has 1.53 on head whereas K3 has 1.59 on head.
Well, these are max values and are highly dependent on how much and on the way we use our phones. If you are one of those who have HIGH usage of phone for calls with phone near your ear a LOT, then avoid both phones. By high usage i mean 7-8 hours of daily calling with phone over the ear. 
K3: 6/10
G2: 6.5/10 
6) Camera
===========
I don't use camera on mobile much but the front cam on G2 seemed better than the K3 whereas the K3 seem to have a better rear snapper. 
So,
K3: 8/10
G2: 7/10 
9) Call quality
===========
Similar, but in ear and speaker voice of K3 a bit less than G2. 
So,
K3: 8/10
G2: 8.5/10 
10) Software and UI
===============
Even though K3 has some bloatware, its never too intrusive or performance degrading. On the other hand utlities like "Ultimate power saver" and other nifty features are a nice touch. 
K3: 8.5/10
G2: 7/10 
Overall, i would say the K3 is a slightly better buy than G2 at this price point, provided you are not a very heavy caller or a heavy multimedia user.   
 It's a worth of money and high configuration for the amount what we paid for. But still i'm not happy with a product.  
1. SAR level is high 1.59 w/kg (maximum limit 1.6 w/kg in India). Highest radiation phone in the market. 
2. No head set
3. poor camera quality  
 Pros:
- The price.
- The price.
- Did I mention the price?
- The back camera is among the best in a phone in this price range. A decent number of options, a good stabilization mechanism (albeit manual). The HDR option doesn't instantly make your photos better like the one on the Nexus 5, but it does a good enough job of highlighting contrasts and brightening what needs to be brightened. Although it leaves lots to be desired when compared to, say, the camera on the Oneplus One. That thing's a beast! I may be biased here, because I just love the Oneplus One cameras - both front and back. 
- It's light and looks way better in reality than it does in the pictures. Black and sleek. The back cover is a little plastic-y, but it's matte and looks good.
- Huge battery. 50% has lasted me 5 hours now, being used as much as a normal phone would be. With wifi on and everything. It's on charge now.
- It's got expandable storage.
- It's one of the few new phones which has a removable battery.
- No excessive heating issues or system / app crashes so far.
- The price. Come on, it costs 10k. 
Cons:
- Does not suport automatic sms internet settings - found out to my dismay from the Vodafone IVR system.
- Excessive amounts of bloatware including 4 games, the Flipkart app (cheap move there, Flipkart), a navigation app whose name I've forgotten since deleting it and a pretty useless note-taking application that, for some reason, refuses to work without you logging into it.
- You will have about 700MB of usable RAM, once you clear out all background processes - the majority of it seems to be getting eaten up by the un-friendly interface.
- The quick-access drag-down settings are cramped together worse than you would be on a Mumbai local, with many tiny icons that are squashed together.
- I have no shortage of complaints about the cluttered, RAM-hungry UI that Lenovo has used in the K3 Note. It just serves to make the phone slower, and with just 2GB RAM, that's no something they could afford to do.
- The call screen also seems really cluttered with buttons everywhere. Useful in a way, but aesthetically unappealing - if you give stock by such a thing.
- The front camera is pathetic, 5 megapixels maybe, but slow, blurry and unable to capture a decent still image even with the slightest of movement. No sharpness to speak of, and I'm sure my face isn't all that blurry. 
The phone isn't the fastest thing available, nor the sturdiest, but considering the price and bang-for-buck value - it's among the best out there. It uses quality components that will last, but I think has skimped on the RAM. Could've used another 1GB for the kind of apps that are being released lately, and the kind of multitasking that's being demanded off of phones today. If you're on a budget and are deciding between phones of the same congifuration, however, buy this one. You will not be disappointed till you save enough to invest in one of the bigger, faster phones with more processing power. 
I'm not too certain the phone is as industry-smashing, flagship-killing and other-brand-beating as its 10k pricetag, though. Only time will tell. 
 thanks to the flipkart...as i got the delivery within 1 day... 
about the product, 
the first noticeable thing is its very lightweight(currently using Honor 4X)
and next i checked was - its camera ; it was fast to launch and fast to focus, and the best part about it was its flash....it was way much better than what i have seen in others(likes of Redmi Note, Honor 6, Honor 4X, Mi4i which i have all used) 
& as it is octacore and the powerful processor I didn't find any lags(may be that i can say after some weeks of usage....so as far now its very smooth)
Vibe UI 2.0 on Lenovo 5..0 its looking good so far, clutter free..... 
for this price it definitely deserves a 5 star.
(if u r confused between Redmi Note, Honor 4X and an other else i could easily say go for it)  
 1. its touch is as usual not so good 
2. And heating is too much a bigger issue as i complaint to flipkart and they refused to return it they said seller has refused your return request i told that i am not expecting my money back but i will not continue to this phone but Flipkart Support Sir we are not able to return or replace we will check the phone with Smartchek kindly check and let us know if still problem exist i called and tell them the problem is still there but no appropriate reply they only just said we cant return it . 
 this is the best phone in this price range but it produce lot of heat when it is in normal usage. 
Front camera quality is worst. back camera is average 
SAR value is very very high so it produces more radiation and affect health 
go for the GO LAUNCHER for better theme 
 I have given 5 stars in my review because I liked the phone and it meets my expectations. This doesnt mean this phone is perfect. It has its flaws but I havent found any major flaws. I will give the detail of the flaws also in my review. 
First, the delivery from flipkart (also WS retail) was really good. It was packed well. The delivery guy also prompted to open the box and check for the item.  
I bought the mobile in the first flash sale, and have read most reviews on this phone here in flipkart. It has been more than 15 days since I have been using it.  
Now coming to the phone specifications, it is certainly a killer note. For the 10k price range it is one of the best phones I have seen.  
Build:- It is lightweight and easy to hold. The design is awesome and looks really good. The phone comes with a removable battery (Which is what I wanted). Hence it made of body connected to phone and a plastic cover. The plastic cover looks weak and sometimes there is a little problem of shaking. But once it gets practiced, both these dont look like problem. Screen doesnt come with gorilla glass but I dont think it matters much other than giving confidence. And yah I accidentally dropped the phone once from 3 feet and nothing happened. It had a back cover, but still. So build will be 8/10.  
Display:- The 5.5 inch Full HD display is really awesome. The quality is just superb. Touch is also smooth. No lag in the touch. Though display takes a lot of the battery there are some methods to reduce battery consumption. So 10/10 
Battery:- This is the first smartphone I own ( But I have used many other smartphones for long durations like HTC One M8, Asus Zenfone 5, Samsung Galaxy Grand, Micromax Canvas HD). The nokia mobiles which I used before had to be charged once in 2-5 days, but Ill have to charge this daily. Yet, the battery performance of this phone is not bad. With medium usage( Wifi for about 10 hours, a little gaming(asphalt, jumping tiles) ) it comes for a little more than a day. There many good options to reduce battery consumption(Ultra power saver) so 2900mAH battery is not that bad as many reviews portray. So 8/10 
UI:- This is one part that many complain. But it depends on what u like. Even if u dont like, there tons of launcher to download. So no worry in this department.  
Performance:- This is one of the parts which I feared before buying the phone. Antutu readings showed 45k+ which is really awesome. After buying I checked the score many times and it came 45k+ everytime. Though this are a little different from normal usage, the phones performance for apps and usage is also superb. Good response, no lags. Out of the 2GB ram, it shows about 700-1000mb available without any apps and 400-600mb with usage fo upto 11 apps together. One thing that I have found that even though it shows less, there is not much problem. It releases ram from system memory if high usage Is required.( for example when I had 4 apps running in the background it showed 520mb free. I opened asphalt and started playing. It usually uses min of 300-500mb of ram so I guessed it would lag or show around 0-200 mb free. But when I checked it showed 450mb.) So totally awesome performance and hence it is a killer note. It has not lagged for me till now even when using asphalt8. So 10/10. 
Camera:- This is also one thing that many are complaining and I cannot blame them. They expected really good quality with 13/5, but this camera is not that good. Its not bad, but not the best. Still good use for those who click photos for memory, fun and not professionalism. So 8/10  
SAR value:- This is the worst thing about this phone. The SAR value is 1.590 whereas standards Is less than 1.6. SO it is quite high. It will be a problem if you are on calls for about an hour. Better to use earphones in such cases. Otherwise it might not pose much problems. And also better to keep mobile away from body while sleeping and not too close to the body. SO 6/10
The phone does heat up while using high end games, but I havent experience it while continuous use of wifi. And there are many awesome features present in this phone which makes the usage of this phone really good. 
I have heard the after sales service of Lenovo is good, so that will be a relief if something bad happens. This is really a good phone and I recommend using this. The only people I dont recommend is who require the usage of this phone for continuous and long calls daily. Totally the phone is 9/10. Last but not the least Im sorry for a large review but I wanted to give my full experience about this phone. Will try to update the review or create a new one after using it for 1-3 months.   
 got it within 3 days of ordering 
1. basic feature- why should it get heated up while calling?
2. phone is up to date wrt firmware so no upgrade needes, someone mentioned firmware upgrade will fix it but thats false.
3.i have inserted a 3g sim and other slot is vacant still phone is getting heated up whiel calling- damm it
4. pathetic phone camera both front and rear- my redmi note gave better results. 
Will flipkart return this?i doubt considering the problem is with the phone.Not with FP. 
Please dont buy this phone.and FP stop this marketing nonsese of a phone being sold only on certain days. This is how u would be able to sell certain numbers.but u cant keep the truth away from teh customers. 
 This phone is having more radation. Not even talking for 2 mins. headache and some skin problems will come. specs are ok. 
 I am very much satisfied with phone, but from the minute I received (09-10-2015), I am not using much except phone calls for maximum 45 mins in a day, but battery lasts for only maximum of 14 hrs and today I recharged 100% for 2 times.  
I am unable to use data connection from 2nd sim. Don't know why. 
Its heating while charging and in call. 
Is anybody facing these issues?  
Kindly let me know, if I am the one, I will proceed further.   
 Hi Friends,  
This is a overall product it have some demerits like: 
1. Back cover is very poor quality.
2. very poor quality rear camera as compared to other phone camera as per 13 mp.
3. resolution is not good whenever zoom a picture.
4. this phone is very weight less not like 150 g.
5. Not given earphone with this product this is big issue also.
6. The SAR value is very high as per the govt of India permitted,not good for health.
7. Screen quality is also very poor. 
8. Sound is very slow when set below 70% volume control.
9. flipkart can't fulfil delivery comttment as per given time. 
10. flipkart shows 3000mah battery in specification page but actually it is 2900mah.
so finally friends don't buy this phone as per price.   
 I had almost researched for about 3 weeks before buying this...there were many yes nos around this phone Having used this Phone for 5 days here's My review(I wont be listing the adv and disadvantages because I think maximum of these problems can be solved by a proper software upgrade): 
1. First have to say the display is great and smooth touch response...BUT there is mild lag while navigating between screens and apps which can be ignored but in some instances there was lag while in a phone call and even after touching the end call button multiple the call didn't end. 1-2 times there have been hangs(NOT always)...LENOVO I think this can be solved by firmware update 
2. Speakers Good Ringtone sound decent can be heard from other rooms..could have been better. 
3. Charging Time Very Good(Within 2 hrs full charge with lenovo charger) and yes while charging the phone gets heated up thats not a prob. Try to use the phone till the 2% battery remains and charge. Yes battery dries up quickly major reason Screen Full HD but can easily last one day normal usage with data On.I am sure this can be optimized by Lenovo in further updates... 
4. Call quality goood. BUT BUT the phonr gets heated up if talked for about 15-20 mins dont know why..People are saying its because the charging and 3.5mm jack are near...but i dont think thats the case becasue in many phones they have same straucture even my last canvas HD had the same but there was no heating....BUT this phone gets really HOT HOT while on calls..This I think can be solved by Lenovo..I think this is one of the major problems 
5. I am not sure about SAR value effect...see geekyranjit for his explanation for SAR values but if you think it might be a prob then u can use bluetooth. 
6.Processor and Gaming: I really think the processor is a great one switching between apps is smooth multitasking is great Best Processor in this price range- I am not going by the Benchmark score!!!! Gaming its smooth and gets warm while playing for a while thats normal I think..in high end games some frame drops are there as there too much pressure on the GPU for supporting the FULL HD screen 
7. Yes VIbe UI is good but can be really improved(could make some improvements from APUS Launcher).Small things like automatically sorting of apps when installed or a all apps icon are not there. Though you can use Google or other launchers available I prefer the launcher provided by Vibe UI. Navigation Toolbar is Great...Lots of functions This can be included in the next update Lenovo. Gestures are great!!! by the way 
8. For protection I would suggest use a tempered glass and cover 
9. Camera- 13MP camera is great in daylight and ok in low light condition. Front Cam is okay compared to others sim priced phones which have good ones. I major problem here I faced is that it lost focus many a time while snapping a shot. Its gets blurred image eve if you use stable hands to click a photo which is very irritating.Lenovo I think this can be solved by a software update 
10 . And last thing I dont know which glass Lenovo has used but there is no dragontrail or Corning Gorilla Glass used but its a hardened glass so suggest you to used a glass protector. The main thing here is that sunlight legibility is great. You can clearly view everything on the phone screen that which too with 50% of the screen brightness..thats what I liked 
Yes Indeed this is a good phone but might be bit large for smaller hands for which there some gestures provided by lenovo(like the keypad is tilted automatically to the direction the phone is held ...so that it makes you easier to type). There are some problems which I hope if solved by Lenovo would be one of the best phones available 
 Its been a week I am using this gadget. There are few things which will certainly make you feel awesome while using this.However there are few things which does make a lot of difference in terms of the durability. Good points are already been mentioned such as display/audio quality/performance. 
I found this device can drain the battery very fast if you have 3G on all the time. For me, If I surf 3G for 10 mins the battery drops 6-7% everytime. So I keep the 3G off all the time. Then on an avg it last for a day. Now definitely thats poor. The unit has a beautiful feature called power management. I kept all the apps away from draining battery with the help of this app. Still it doesn't help. The most concerning factor is battery overheating. As I said when I surf 3g for 10 mins the battery drains very fast and at the same time the phone starts to overheat. 48-49degree CPU is definitely not ideal. I am really fond of Lenovo products as all my previous laptops were from lenovo, but this smartphone really made me feel bad. It may be just a faulty model but I am not sure. I seriously think about exchanging this item.  
 After waiting for 2 years I brought K3 looking at the brand during the first sale and felt lucky to grab it but after almost 1 month to certain extent I am disappointed. I would rate it at 3. Wished I would have bought Redmi 4G Note instead with 2K less and additional 1K with exchange. 
Pros:
Light weight.
Good Looks.
Wide viewing angle and good screen clarity.
Rear Camera is awesome in light but decreases clarity in low light. LED Flash is good.
Dolby Atmos is good provided you have high end Headset like Skull Candy for which you would need to spend another 500 Rs +.
Connectivity is good but depends on your network provider.
Cons:
Phone heats up even after playing Candy Crush for 15 mins.
Front camera though a 5MP is pathetic. My Nokia E5 at 5MP is excellent.
Sometime after unlocking the phone the full screen is black with only icons visible. No trace of Theme and wallpaper.
No headset.
Comes with useless Apps which cant be uninstalled sometimes and use the RAM.
Only ~850MB is available of the 2GB RAM.
Screen guard is pathetic. When I complained to flipkart they added 200 Rs in my wallet only to know that I cant use that as WS Retail does not sell accessories. 
Compare Redmi 4G Note with K3 and then decide which one is good.  
 1.Lenevo`s UI & OS takes up a lot of RAM, upto 1 GB at all times.
2. Phone is slow and takes random reboots.
3. Wifi is not working since day 1, since 296 MB update. Reported this issue to Flipkart and asked for a return, and they arranged for a call with one of their "expert" and she told me that phone is working fine and wifi is also working while this phone won`t detect any wifi network and can`t use the phone as a wifi hot-spot. Flipkart asked me to take this phone to service center and did not provide a replacement.
4. Touch screen is OK.
5. battery backup is not that good, more is expected from 2900 MaH battery.
6. Flipkart delivery took 7 days and multiple followups to deliver the phone. 
 My Handset- Lenovo K3 Note still not working properly. Touch of the handset is not working & Heating problem still remain from replaced mobile which was received on Jul 23, 2015. 
As i am facing the problem from starting period with purchase of Lenovo handset. I am in a difficult position to make any call through this handset. According to me, It is a worst product. And i don't want to create any problem for future with the same product. 
 Pros:
Good Display
Camera is very good in day light
No Over Heating (Max Temperature i found was 42 degrees after playing Asplalt 8)
Good UI (better than waht i expected)
GOOD SOUND
Cons:
Camera is not so good in Low Light
Slow charging (it takes 2 hours of time to charge completely when running apps are closed)
Asphalt 8 lags in High Graphics mode
NO PROTECTIVE SCREEN 
 This phone is good for its price. BUT !  
Lenovo could have done little bits of improvement here and there and this would have killed every other smartphone in the market and so do their own flagship devices . They intentionally let this phone down- software wise , hardware is ok.  
The camera is just plain bad, its good enough for social media. Upload it on FB or instagram , and it is fine. Colors are good, skin tones good, even low light is good. Then you may ask, why did i say its bad ? Its a terrible cheap sensor , which fails to capture fine details, like text for instant. These lenses and the sensor had to meet the target manufacturing costs, so as for lenovo to make some profit.  
The moment you zoom in the pics on a PC, they distort like crazy ! forget editing those pics . Its reminds me of my iphone4 camera. Looks good on the retina display, not good enough for editing. macro shots are just okay. Hey! but the color accuracy is great, good job there lenovo. Its a social media cam for the cheapest possible full hd display smartphone.  
They intentionally removed basic/advance features from the camera app !for instance you cannot take pictures lower then 13MP ! But the 13MP image already looks like a 5 MP image from iphone4 when zoomed in and compared to its captured detail .Its a point and shoot cam now ! My two year old lenovo k900 have 5 times more options to tweak for that perfect shot , and its worth it when you dont have your DSLR on a sudden planned road trip, made in the middle of the night after clubbing to the nearest hill station.  
dolby atmos is a gimmik, impressive software addition for marketing , but it just boosts up the mids and highs of the music track.  
Battery backup is at par with one plus one and lenovo k900 . lasts one whole day. charge 100% in morning , 20% while you get back home. 3G always ON, GPS on while driving via google maps for beating the traffic, and occasional music . 
I dont mind lenovo removing the app drawer completely, but i mind not able to move the applications on a SD card.  
the power saving modes are great ! even a GPU saving mode is helpful, but then everything stutters. Well, what the hell ! It helps when we need those last drops of battery juice in emergencies - good work lenovo engineers.  
not the real deal- DISPLAY - 
they say its a full HD , its a cheap panel- it still looks good ! maybe because its one glass solution, that popups everything , like on a nexus 5 .The RGB pixel payout is strange! like the ones we see on an amoled, a green sub pixel repeats itself , Thus the green color is more prevalent in every image . Lenovo played smart, they gave a calibration tool for the user to play with. Dial down those over saturated hues if one wants too, but still it doesnt match a good-ole HIGH QUALITY FULL HD RGB PANEL.  
I cannot see RGB pixels on my lenovo k900 and lg g2. Those high quality panels have larger very tightly packed pixels. This k3 note display have smaller loosly packed pixels and one can easily see those if tried to. Trying looking it through a magnifying glass, you will understand why this is a very different display then offered by HTC or LG .  
VERDICT - is this a good phone? Well, it gets the job done, after the OTA update, the heating issue got resolved. Thank you lenovo. Call quaity is good , speaker phone is loud , microphones pics up faint voice easily while on speaker phone, vibe UI 2.0 is just plain boring for me . It feels delicate and is too (cost cut on gorilla glasss), but is light and grippy. We will never get an update for android-M for such cheap model. Camera will disappoint many who loves photography and the cheap display will one day come up with dead pixels and odd color tones which lenovo wont cover in warranty obviously.  
All in all - you get what you pay for ! no wonder some phones from brands like LG,HTC, even LENOVO flagships with same config are for 25k . 
 I have received this product through online registration and prepayment option. But this phone behaves different. If I play games or attach ear phone I cannot attend incoming calls. I need to restart phone every time after playing games or listening musics. then only it works for incoming calls. 
 Not receiving wifi signal most of the times, screen issue too.
When we try to exchange they tell us to install app and tries to detect. Then they every thing is okay. Neither i can return/refund it nor i can use it.
Please make sure before buying it. 
 My Lenovo K3 Note is not getting connected to the 3.5mm audio jack. The headphone is not entering completely in the phone.....can you please suggest the solution to it 
 The Lenovo K3 Note offers hardware which is pretty similar to current high-end models, but than at a lower price. The device does not feel luxurious nor very cheap, but it is well made. The screen contains enough sharpness due to the Full-HD resolution. The maximum brightness of my device looks good and it can keep up with the competition. The K3 Note also features Android Lollipop, 4G (LTE), two SIM slots, a micro-SD slot and its battery life stands out in a positive way. The Rear camera is decent, but Front Camera (5MP) is Great. 5.5-inch will not be pleasant for everybody but Its Cool for Me because my Last Mobile was Samsumg Tab 2 (P-3100). 
However, you get a powerful smartphone for approximately 10K and it is made by World's Forth largest smartphone maker. The K3 Note feels smooth and quick in practice due to the processor and the amount of memory. If Lenovo could improve the Rear camera through a software update, besides the 4G frequencies and availability (import). All in all Lenovo offers a great device for a small sum of money. 
 This phone is best phone under 10k category  
But its SAR value is 1.590w/kg which is almost the boundary condition of allowed SAR value 1.6w/kg that means this phone is just 0.010 less than the permitted value.. 
High SAR value cause headache and not good for health. 
 bad quality battery fast drain use WiFi and play game phone heat battery problem is major problem good idea not buy this phone 
 lenovo is cheating customers with a grand banner of high spec. 
From the day one PROXIMITY SENSOR is not working. 
No customization in Interference. Can't edit a folder , cant rename, not even able to add a folder. 
Lenovo ruined the android UI with there version of UI. 
Factory editing option comes in CHINESE. *(HELL WITH IT) 
The phone will never gives u a good feeling on holding it (except if u r new to smartphones) 
Battery performance is average.  
PROS
Great hard ware  
CONS
high sar value, ears are getting heated up and burning for just a 5 mins call.
camera is lagging and poor.
worst android ui
bad battery
low quality plastics
phone looks to be build to cheat with a high spec and low manufacturing .  
I wanted to give some negative stars, but its not possible  
flipkart has no return policy. so i will sell this phone asap.   
 Im for sure was one of the first few buyers of Lenovo K3 Note on its first day of launch (up for sale at 3:00 pm and I checked out at 3:06 pm). I dont want to shoot out a lot of technical jargon to define Lenovo K3 Note. Will keep it simple...  
Guys  I will write pros and cons as usual but refer to my below written text on its functionality and features. I earlier used HTC One X, and to change my phone I narrowed to Asus Zenfone, Lenovo K3 Note, Lenovo 7000 and Redmi Note/Mi3i. Chose Lenovo K3 Note and the wait for its launch was worth it. 
To talk about its specifications,  
OS - Android Lollipop 5.0 does it for you being the latest version  no complaints 
Screen size of 5.5-inch OGS IPS with 1080 x 1920p resolution  trust me, after using Lenovo K3 Note HTC flagship model, I should say this display has amazed me in every matter  no complaints 
Processor - I personally felt the processor of 64-bit octa-core MediaTek MT6752 1.7GHz is amazingly smooth but IT DOES GET HEATED UP (even human brain heats up when it is loaded with thoughts to process), especially while using 4G/3G and while using camera or gaming. Heating did vary as per the usage. But it dint heat as much as HTC did, which has a Snapdragon processor, which usually use to burn my ears.  
Memory  The phone has 16GB ROM, with a slot expandable till 32GB via micro SD card. User gets around 11 GB, which is decent at the price point of this phone. 
Camera: Get ready to get disappointed if you are a vivid photography enthusiast. Though it has 13MP rear camera, it is certainly not a great cam, but is good enough to use in day lights, and you need to bargain a lot for decent pictures in the nights. Its 5MP front camera does good job though.  
RAM: Lenovo K3 Note sports 2GB DDR3 RAM and is good enough to cruise through graphic-oriented games. No lags. But, with minimal apps loaded in the phone, the available RAM is around 500 MB only (dont really know why 1.5 GB ram stuck to the boots).  
Battery: It sports a very good 3000mAh battery. With 4G on, I could see a drain of 50% in 10 hours with minimal browsing and few calls. With such a big screen and 4G on, verdict is that the battery doesnt disappoint.  
Connectivity: The phone has 4G LTE, dual-SIM, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 4.1, A-GPS, GLONASS and microUSB 2.0 connectivity on board. I did check most of the connectivity features, 4G works well, Wi-Fi is smooth, Bluetooth does its job and the USB has no issues either. Just to test the OTG connectivity, which I think it supports. 
Apart from the above,
Built is absolutely good (far better than Micromax and others)
SOUND output of speaker is really good
Dolby is decent
And various internal features are pretty helpful, including option to free RAM, Battery Saver and default apps like Shareit, Truecaller and Flipkart.  
What else would have been better? 
1. Gorilla Glass (A must feature these days)
2. Head phones (Minimum expected)
3. Better cam lenses (competitor Micromaxs Yu Yureka has good cam at low price point)
4. Fast charging option (It takes many hours to full charge)
5. Backlit three navigation keys on phone (but not a serious concern at all) 
With so many plus points and few betterments listed down, the phone is a FOR SURE worth to buy and will certainly meet your expectations. No hesitations  just buy it. This review is after my one week usage and I hope it is good enough! 
 con:
i have both a7000 and k3 ...what i notice is that screen color is more towards the colder side in k3 i.e white will look more like bluish white in this.( i would have preferred more neutral tone but screen clarity and viewing angle is awesome)
charging time is a big problem. (battery 2900)
speaker sound is shit in both the phone...u will find problem to hear the voice through the phone earpiece if u are at some busy place.(call quality is less on our side)
ram available is less in k3 compared to a7000.(though this never affected the performance)
network signal strength in a7000 and k3 is comparatively less than the other phones it fluctuates a lot which never happened with my moto g or samsung basic phone.(but again till now i dont have face any problem of no network but consider this fact also that i live in central mumbai ) 
so just take this things into consideration.....no doubt this is a good phone for the price we are paying but it can be better if they would have included fast charging and better earpiece  
 K3 note is really a killer phone,this can be comparable with the flagship killer oneplusone.I got a score 45969 on antutu and in geekbench in single core 804 and in multi core 4087 which is amazing for this prize and if anyone is confused b/w k3 and mi4i then k3 beat in every department expect camera. 
 I brought Two Lenovo K3 Note after going thru the Reviews on Flipkart. 
I used it for two days, but was not happy at all with the Touchscreen.  
Having a lot of Problems Tying on the screen. 
I am on a look out the sell both my Lenovo K3 Note.  
Lesson learnt: Will never buy a lenovo mobile in future. 
 Thought it would b great. But it dissapointed!!! 
Chat applications (Messenger, WhatsApp, WeChat, etc) are not working!!! Could not initialise WhatsApp... If I send a message through Messenger intended person is not getting that message!!! What the HELL!!!!!!!! 
Contacted with Vodafone customer care but they are saying services are not blocked, so may be an issue of WhatsApp and Messenger. Then contacted with WhatsApp they are saying to ask Vodafone for internet settings. 
Has anybody faced this issue earlier??? 
 After using 10 days the phone i feel the below PROS and CONS 
I am normal User like phone calls,Facebook, whats app, mail checking. 
PROS: 
1) Value for Money
2) Screen is Good ( Colors reproduction & Sharpness are good)
3) Dual sim with expandable storage ( inbuilt 16 GB)
4) Camera is good in good light condition ( Front & Rear) 
CONS :
1) Phone gets heated with less Usage like 5 mins talking to call.
2) Battery Charging took more time even with 2.1A output. ( approx 3-4 hours)
3) Bit lag occasionally
4) Battery discharge is very fast .. even when its idle (on 3G every 3 mins 1% will drain) 
Lenova please try to fix those glitches with patches or updates.. 
 Few POINTS noted after using this phone which is not there in product description: 
LENOVO K50a40 is INDIAN version of K3 note 
Camera quality is good as per budget but if we compare to Samsung Galaxy S4/S5 or MI 4I, then it lacks in various terms 
No Headphones or Back cover 
Screen guard is not upto the mark 
Battery is 2900 MaH, but it drains immediately after few hours usage. Need to charge twice a day 
User interface is good, text and images are crisp & clear 
Dolby Atmos is an app like you download other apps from store just to improve music quality 
Go for it if you don't wants to spend more money on other PHABETS 
 As many other thousands of lucky shoppers, I too have been able to grab one K3 Note in the First Flash Sale on 8th July and received the shipment on 14th (presumably not very quick from Flipkart for the shoppers without Flipkart First subscription).  
Update: after a one-week use of the device. 
- Build and form factor: Slim, light in weight and visually feels good in hand though not of very great build quality as compared to the competing leaders in the same segment. Cheap plastic and roughly finished interior with weak rocker buttons. With 5.5 inches, it feels little longer in hand for a moderate sized hand while other phones with the same screen size are relatively not too tall. 
- Display: Very good. Full HD (1080p) with great viewing angles all around reproduces natural colors. Absence of Corning Gorilla protection is certainly discouraging but the screen can withstand minor scratches and slight metal contacts. You need a good screen protector (Lenovo provides one of average quality, in the sales package) 
- OS: Android Lollipop provided out of box is good. Offers much fluidity and usability, enriching user experience. No communication from Lenovo for complying with any upcoming/future Android releases. 
- Hardware: Future-proof hardware for 64-bit looks good, at least on paper. Benchmark scores are appealing. At the time of writing this, real-world performance is still being evaluated, but appears to be decent on first impression. Multi-tasking with 6-7 applications is stutter-free. 
- Battery: The device gets powered by a 2900 mAh battery (not 3000 mAh as Flipkart initially announced) which is very slim and lasts for more than a day with moderate to slightly heavy usage on WiFi and 3G. One very frustrating fact about the Battery compartment at the rear side of the device is that it does not have enough tolerance for the battery to fit in correctly with a genuine human effort (seen this issue in many reviews of K3 Note). It becomes a nightmare if you need to remove/replace the battery and(or) to insert/replace/remove any SIM(s) and(or) the micro-SD card. Lenovo production team needs to address this major problem. 
- Cameras: Rear- cameras (13MP) performance is decent. The image quality is above-average in well-lit conditions. While the dual-flash seems powerful, low-light performance is not too appealing. The bundled default Android camera application is woefully underpowered, begging the use of external camera applications. 
The front-cam (5MP), on the other hand, renders rich selfies. 
- Sound: The loud speaker is good enough for normal usage, considering its a single speaker, and the bundled on-board Dolby ATMOS sound system really does a phenomenal job with some good quality ear-phones. On the default presets, the soundstage seems slightly compressed at the mellow beats, while the highs and mids are well-represented. Tweaking the settings, usage of a high quality amp and well-endowed speakers are likely to give true-to-source sound post-processing. 
- Call Quality: Very decent with healthy network signal. Good even with little weaker signal. Clear on the in-call load speaker as well. 
- Gaming: Given the nature of the high-powered hardware, it is no surprise that the phone manages rich visuals on graphic intensive games (tested with Modern Combat 4) with no noticeable stutter/lag. Quite a good experience with high graphic settings. (update: No reportable issues with Gaming) 
- Heating: The phone doesnt heat up much, even after extended connectivity to WiFi and mild gaming (1 hr of FIFA 14 with WiFi on throughout). 
- WiFi and mobile Internet: WiFi connectivity is excellent with no discernable signal drops. Same experience for 3G with decent signal as well.  
Others: 
 Multiple options for power management make the device usable even in low-battery conditions. 
 Lenovos Vibe UI is not great as compared to Samsungs Touch Wiz. 
 Onscreen capacitive touch buttons are not back lit pleads you to juggle around for navigation
 The screen is a massive finger print magnet, with a very high propensity for smudging and blemishing.
 Alarmingly High SAR values (Head - 1.590 W/Kg, Body - 0.688 W/Kg) - though claimed to be very minutely under the stipulated limits -certainly a concern for extensive callers, consider this hazard in the buying choice. Use of ear-phones is strongly advised.
 Battery charging is little slow.
 No App Drawer. You may install a 3rd party launcher.
 Pre-loaded Bloatware (can be uninstalled though). 
 No ear-phones bundled a major disappointment.
 Double-tap to wake up the screen is an advantage and saves repeated usage of the hard key -extends the life. 
 Proximity sensor based ghost-call protection, gesture control and similar accessibility features enrich the usability in general.  
Conclusion: Overall, K3 Note is a competitive and very good buy at Rs.9,999 considering the rich features it has to offer(4 stars out of 5).   
 everything is good........the only cons i find is the heating problem.....its getting hot after a short time usage. Its quite disappointing. 
 First of all flipkart in a day service is dam great i got my k3 with in 24hrs. 
about k3:- i am using it for last three days and it incredible. It is as smooth as butter very fast, multitasking is great, camera is good i have compare live with lenova-6000/7000/micromax yu yureka it is slide better than yu, other 2 have less pix so it clear won with other. display is eye catching, play bluray movies smoothly with great color. Browsing in 3g is working perfectly to fast. Heaven for Gaming it play heavy games smoothly no lag you can play 2 or 3 games at multitasking.Sound is good better than a7000/6000 but yu have slide edge. battery is not upto mark but we cant blame the phone 2900mmh with hd display it will dry soon, with some gaming, surfing, movies & music 8hr and you need to charge it again for me it great device in this range the best. soon i'll try to compare with other phone. 
pros:-1) 1.7gh processor and 2gb ram is making phone very smooth.
 2) HD Display great
 3) Multitasking without any lag
 4) heavy Gaming  
Cons:- 1) Battery could be better
 2) little bit of heating not much only when heavy gaming for long
 3) There is no headset(but as we know lenovo dont give headset) 
that all hope it will help you to chose, according to me it is the best killer under 10k 
 It charges very quickly, i.e., 100% charged in just one and a half hour. It is feather weight and looks are pretty, beautiful, gorgeous and all the synonyms of the same. Easy to use and learn. It will definitely create ripples in the Mobile World and must be the Emperor of all the mobiles at present. A 5.5 inch screen with Full High Definition display is just for Rs.9999/- The price is unbelievable for such a masterpiece. Lenovo K3 Note is an eye-opening device for the other giant mobile companies who sell their inferiorly configured (as compared to Lenovo K3 Note) mobiles for Rs.20,000 and above. You must have identified the names of such companies to whom I am pointing. It has set a milestone in the world of mobiles. Just be ready for fierce competition in the Mobile World in near future. A MUST BUY FOR EVERYONE ON THIS EARTH. 
 I bought this phone in first flash sale, received it on 7/11 Saturday. 
Specs sheet may be good, but suffers from poor build quality. 
Can't say much about it's performance as didn't get the chance to use it. 
It came with a battery that once installed can not be taken out from the back panel.  
Either the battery is bad or the battery slot suffers from a manufacturing defect. 
Flipkart canceled my return request and asked me to visit a Lenovo service center for inspection. Are you kidding me? You don't buy a new product to visit service centers the very first day! It is seller's/manufacturer's responsibility to check quality issues before shipping it to the customer. 
Anyways, Lenovo service center ( @ Sector-3 Rohini, Delhi) has inspected the phone on 7/14/15 Tuesday and handed me an inspection report with comments: "Battery remove issue" and asked me to contact Flipkart. 
I have raised another return request on 7/14 Tuesday and now expecting a call back.  
So, my overall experience with "Lenovo+Flipkart" has been really disappointing.  
Let's see what Flipkart is going to do about this! 
 The product is defective. So called dual LED flash is not working. What I have observed is, whatever the products Flipkart is selling in the name of flash sale are mostly faulty pieces. My colleague had bought lenovo a600 plus in a flash sale and same was faulty, the volume up button was not working. Previoiusly I had purchased 50" LED tv from flipkart, same was faulty and had taken more than a fortnight to return and installation. FLIPKART IS A BIG FRAUD. SELLING DEFECTIVE FAULTY PRODUCTS IN THE NAME OF FLASH SALE!! MY LAST PURCHASE FROM FLIPKART. YOU ALL ALSO BE AWARE!!!! 
 3.5mm jack headphone can't fits in the slot. so unable to connect my headphones with the phone. 
 i brought this one for my daughter im using iphone 6+ but man this one can compete with my iPhone on every front very nice phone 
 I bought the Lenovo k3 Note looking at the Specs and the brand name.  
I don't like jumping the gun. Hence I have written this review after 3 months of thorough use, so you can rely on this review. 
Pros:
1. Crisp and Vivid display 
2. Nice Vibe UI 
3. Good battery life
4. Good sound quality through Dolby Atmos equalizer
5. Great power saving features 
Cons:
1. Many preinstalled apps that cannot be uninstalled
2. Only 700MB of available RAM
3. Gaming sucks, huge frame drops and lag even in small games like Angry Birds 2 and in big games like Asphalt 8, Modern Combat 5, etc.
4. Doesn't feel like an Octacore processor inside as the phone response becomes slow after few hours of use. Need to reboot regularly
5. Selfie camera is not good despite being 5MP. My Redmi 1S gives much clear pictures with just 2MP
6. Flashlight activates automatically in the pocket 
From the above, it is evident that the Smarphone performance is not that good. You might as well go for another phone in the same budget. 
 Rear camera Quality is not as 13MP. The front camera is much better then rear . Is anyone also seeing the same quality issue? 
 camera clearity is very worst.front and back both are very bad clearity. single star for camery and hanging problem 
 First of all only Big Size phone is not Worth, everything matter's here. According to my view this phone is good in its look and all , having new android but this is doesn't make satisfaction to me. Camera is like hell , clarity is extremely bad , phone gets hang often. so to all those new buyers please do study everything and buy this phone or else don't buy...you will be at loss. 
 I received this product within a day..so full marks to Flipkart delivery team. 
For all those who are facing issues with the device...please update the device and let google play services update to the current version. Some apps will not work right away. Please let the device to update itself. Go to Settings > About phone > System update to update your device to latest version 
I used the phone quite thoroughly so here is my review of the device : 
Note : Covers, screenguards or tempered glass of Lenovo a7000 fit perfectly with Lenovo k3 note since both devices have same dimensions. I am using a cover of a7000 only. 
Pros :
1. 1.7Ghz Octa-core processor is quite powerful with smooth multi-tasking. Antutu benchmark Score of 46169
2. 2Gb of RAM adds upto the smooth using experience.
3. 5.5 Inch full HD display is really good. Vivid colors & Crisp Images. No Gorilla Glass but a Dragontrail glass. So tempered glass recommended.
4. 13MP rear camera produces very good images. fully satisfied with daylight, low light & flash images. No Blurring or distortion.
5. 5MP front camera with beautification feature is a delight for Selfie lovers. Great daylight images with decent lowlight images.
6. 2900 MAh battery lasts for a day easily with average usage. 18-19 hours with heavy usage.
7. 16 GB of internal storage with 9GB available for user. (Approx 5GB taken up by system & another 1 GB by apps)
8. Expandable memory upto 32Gb
9. Dual Sim with 1 Sim 4G LTE
10. Elegant & sleek design. Extremely light weight. 
Cons : Practically none. Will update my review if i find one :) 
Final Verdict : 9/10. Simply a Killernote device. Best under 10k mobile of 2015. 
 I'm a regular buyer of flipkart products . This is the first time I am facing an issue of faulty product . Lenovo K3 Note's speaker has issues . It makes distorted sound when the sound is set at more than half of its limit . Moreover I'm disappointed by flipkart that they did'nt resolve the issue and rejected my return claim . I registered the return claim the next day of receiving the product and still the claim has been rejected by Flipkart . I don't have the option or else I would have given zero star for this product . 
 Lenovo Guys 
Where is my 2 GB RAM?????? even with no apps installed i hardly get 968 MB ram to use. 
Half of the RAM is used by Lenovo OS. 
Also when i loaded SD card, taking out battery is painful exercise. 
I had much more expectation from Lenovo, however you guys have failed to deliver this time. 
I may well think of returning the product in a day or two 
 mobile is good and working fine but i will deduct 2 star for delay in delivery.battery is good,sound is very good,feature is good and camera is not good enough but we can use 
 Well. Just received my killer note. And believe me, it is killer in all aspects. Display, Camera, power, speed. Unmatched phone within 15k category and only for 10k. Lenovo has finally ticked all the right boxes. Right from the time you open the box, it will amaze ou every second with respect to its good design (in spite of plastic), its speed. Opens chrome within a blink. Uninstalls apps within a blink. It just WOW. Its light. So damn light that you wont feel like it houses a 3000mah battery. Lenovo, you have hit the nail with this note. Could not have asked for anything better. It charges damn fast too. Thank you Lenovo and flipkart too for their super express delivery. 
 After much research and a long wait, I finally bought this handset from Flipkart. Flipkart delivery was very smooth and I received the handset within 24 hours of ordering by selecting one day delivery. 
The phone looks okay, I have used LG and Samsung premium phones in the past and this one comes close to flagship-models in terms of display and smoothness.
Already a lot of good is being said about this phone. I will quickly point out what I didn't like in it. Mind you, its my opinion and may not be true for you.
- The design felt a little cheap. We expect that, don't we? The plastic body felt flimsy and very delicate. I could feel power and volume button making a small sound if the phone is shaken. 
- There is no App tray. Applications installed pretty much sit on the home and adjacent screens. It can be changed with a different launcher like NOVA.
- High SAR value. Can be deal breaker for people whho use the handset for long hours. But hey, even Iphone has a high SAR value. Upto you to decide.
- Half of the RAM is always occupied. Still is good enough for not so heavy applications.
- The UI is just okay! comes to personal choice again.
- No earphone in the package. Get your own says Lenovo! I would suggest you check the earphone before buying for its compatibility and performance.
- Camera is just okay! Dont go by 13 and 5 MP specs. shaky hands-staty away from the camera. No image stabilization setting given. There is some noise in both back and front camera while used in artificial light.
- No GORILLA glass. Well, not that I ever tried scratching other phones to test their gorilla screen, still, its absence would make the user a little more cautious. Tempered glass is the solution.
- screen is a finger print magnet, as pointed out by many others. 
And that is all...well, I just wrote down what I felt. These CONS are not something that can't be managed. The glass is 75% full for all you optimists. Go for it!  
 reasons for not buying:
1. No Display button lights , irritates you to find back button or menu button in dark. Worst feeling after purchasing.
2. No options for hiding apps on screen. All apps will remain on screen.very bad.
3. Battery takes hell lot of time to fully charge.Approx 3 hrs. Who have so much time?
4.No headphones given with phone. Then why do you represent it as music phone.
5.No LENOVO branding on front panel. Feels like cheap phone without any brand.
6. Power off button and volume button very weak or low quality. I fear when it will break. 
 Best Camera...
Heating Issues
High Radiation
Ear Pain if used for 5 min (call)
Highly not recommended. 
 PLZ DONT BUY THIS PHONE.........BUT IT IS USEFUL IN WINTERS DUE TO ITS HEATING EFFECT..................... 
 After using one month these are comments.  
Some lines and shades i have seen in my display. 
I am trying to reach lenovo customer care, but no response. Very poor support.
I did't find proper authorized service center in Hyderabad.  
 Main problem is heating produce phone ,camera quality very light poor and power back up poor.Other aspect very very excellent 
 1 NOMBER CHUTYA MOBILE H ME LEKAR RO RHA HU AAPSE BHI NIVEDAN H KI Y MOBILE LEKER PESE BARBAD NA KRE VERRY VERRY BED MOBILE THIRD CLASS QUALITY 
 light weight ,front camera is good,rear camera is damn good,it is a good phone for day to day users.there is no lag in phone , pre installed app irritates us .its a good phone for music lovers not for gamers 
 best budget phone excellent display runs without lag no heating issues but a you really cant customize much in the home screen except that its awesome  
 Got the phone on 16th of July. Keeping in mind that the phone costs just INR 10,000 I'd say it functions pretty well. Please do not have lofty aspirations when you buy this device. It offers way too much at the price point it is selling. The performance is decent with a minor lag sometimes and that too when I have multiple apps open in the background. The device does not heat up like an oven. If you look at it's cpu, you would agree that a little heat will be generated.So stop complaining about it. It wont give you third degree burns!! The camera is moderately ok. Looking for DSLR quality pics? Go ahead and buy a DSLR and not a phone! The display is sturdy enough even though there is no gorilla glass. The colours are more or less accurate and not washed out and full HD screen is always a treat. Aesthetics are ok. I do not play graphics intensive games so cannot comment on that. All in all the phone is worth your time and money. Don't use some expensive device and then expect the same performance from this. And those who are shouting about this being a re branded Chinese device (found that under the 1 star rating column) and is being marketed by lenovo without any prior testing whatsoever and clamouring for the new moto g3 in regards to it's build performance et al, both the phones are from lenovo. Motorola is owned by lenovo. google it. So if lenovo wanted to screw you big time they already would have. As for the high SAR value..use a earphone guys.. it is a 5.5 inch device..makes sense to use a hands free to talk. 
 Bought a K3 Note White on flash sale.A very good phone for such a low cost. 
Pros:
Specs are great.
Looks good
Lightweight
moderate heating on 3G/Wifi use.
Gaming Experience is good.
UI is very smooth. 
Cons:
Main Camera takes worse pics than front camera.
Heats up really fast while taking pictures with the main camera.
Takes 4.5 hrs to charge completely when open. While charges in 2.5 Hrs when it is switched off.But if you are using your laptop to charge it then it takes forever to charge.
Only 900MB RAM is available for the user with factory settings.
Battery lasts upto 18hrs with moderates usage.
SAR is high and is noticeable during a call for more than 30 mins.  
 Flipkart delivered a LENOVO mobile K3 Note , but no where mentione about K# noe in mobile, in adds mentioned that battery capacity is 30000mAH, nut I received only 2900mAH capacity. phone is getting too much heat even it is used for calling purpose only. 
 I am writing this review after 5 days of usage. Everything is good about the device except for heating which i feel sometimes when i play heavy games or play video.  
Rest the display is Full HD viewing angles are great, No lagging problem at all. Camera quality is decent you can click decent pictures still its definitely not 13MP. Front Camera is good with beautification feature it improves the picture quality.  
It has good some very interesting features like flip to mute, double tap to wake, letter V to open camera when the phone is in sleep mode etc. 
In 10k this is the best device in the market with the specs offered that too by a known brand like Lenovo. Go for it recommended. 
 pros:
1)excellent design... looks so perfect in the hand and feels like having costly phone in hand.
2)Lite weight.
3)Preinstalled apps.
4)audio is soo good with headset and speakers
5)smooth touch... touch is so smooth and fast 
cons:
1)poor camera quality. they say it 13mp but quality is like 2mp in the dark
2)poor camera quality. In the light it is better but not as expected with 13mp
3)no gorilla glass... phone looks a bit delicate and shd be very careful 
Overall its a good budget phone.
Its been just a week so will update on performace on the next week/month 
 Its very easy to handle due to its light weight. After 5 days of usage i can say that it will not disappoint u in any feature. For those who feel that they are not providing with headphone please remember that the headphones given honnor 4x or redmi 4i or lenovo a7000 really sucks. They are a pain in the ear. Its better not to give rather than adding pain in your ear and adding electronic waste to environment. And that too these specs at the low cost of 9999 and you are expecting a high quality headphones is not good. 
 I am writing this review after 5 days of usage and found the phone to be good overall. 
The processor and RAM is fine although it needs to be cleaned periodically to keep more available RAM. 
The Screen is good and viewing in any light conditions is great. Gorilla glass would have been helpful but overall great screen. 
Both Cameras are average and sometimes get out of focus. Pictures in low light are not really that great. However, if we change the settings manually a lot then we can improve the quality. Auto mode is not up to the mark. 
Battery is decent and with moderate use it lasts for a day. Charging is slow if you keep using the phone while charging. But if you allow charging without much use its pretty fast. 
My samsung headphones are not working properly on this set. I can use them for listening to music and works fine with dolby atmos. Infact sound quality is pretty good.
However buttons on headphones not working fine and there is some disturbance while on call. 
Overall for 10K its a good phone. Should not expect flagship type quality. Would be great although with few improvements and updates. 
 PROS 
1. Touch response is good 
2. Audio Quality is nice especially with headphones
3. Best display for any device under 10k.Infact display is that stunning and superb.
4. Good battery Backup .Not great but still good considering the fact that it has to drive full hd display.A moderate user can easily get a backup of 14-16hrs.
5 .Front camera is really good but back camera is just ok..
6. Antutu Benchmark score for my set was around 44000 which was just below one plus one.
7. Both SIMs are 4G dual standby.
8. Very Light weight.
9. Charging speed is good.
10. Best loaded phone under 10K 
CONS 
1. The top portion of the phone has a slight heating under net usage and calls.But the heating is very less considering xiaomi and yu series models.
2. Available RAM is less than1GB.
3. Headphones are not provided eventhough is's not a great con.. 
4. Battery is 2900 mah not 3000mah.  
Overall under 10K it's a great phone to have if you are looking for a phone with good perfomance and average camera. 
 Got My Mob on sunday morning.
Good:1.Crispy display,Slim.
 2.Good Batery life(7 hrs of continous usage with 3g,playing game,music, Youtube,browsing and watching 1080p videos).
Bad:1.Camera: A decent one not upto the mark of 13Mp.(Average but u vl get good out door
 pictures).
 2.battery heats up a little while playing high end games and Browsing(38 degres).
According to me for a octa core mobile this is very Normal.  
So totally and finally..i would give 9 out of 10 in specs and performance.
I gave 5 star because u people wont get this kind of phone in markert for 10k and with less problem.
The only bad is camera feels like 10Mp(to be exact).
Other than that this is the Monster 
 UPDATED: My first 25 days analysis.  
Mobile is working really cool. No lags at all. Updated upto the last 296MB update. However I noticed one problem with WiFi after the last update. Once I refresh the wifi or changed the existing connection to WiFi hotspot or so, then the phone will not show any WiFi network even after refresh. The problem can be solved only after power OFF and ON. (Problem cannot be solved simply by RESTARTing the phone, you must power OFF, wait 10 seconds and then switch ON). Rest all fine after the update. 
Touch response is smooth and buttery. No Lags at all. 
Dolby Atmos. Good quality sound if listening through quality head phones. Also the Dolby Atmos equalizer is hardware set and it is not possible to set manually the equaliser with different frequecies. Even if you set in manual mode, the equaliser goes back to intellectual Dolby Atmos Settings. The Dolby Atmos will not work with all types of music players. Standard programs like BS Player, Google music etc are compatible. 
Stunning display. FHD 401ppi. Visible in sunlight. 
Removable battery. Battery easily stands for more than two days on moderate use (not gaming). Heavy gaming will eat battery for sure. Without heavy gaming and much more phone calls, in battery save mode (NOT super saver) the cell stands for 75 hours. 
Cameras are OK. 
Both SIMs are 4G dual standby. In Mumbai, It is showing 4G signals of Jio (Reliance). I have not tested the network. in 3G it is HSPA+ speeds. 
Light weight instrument. 
Charging is fast (10 to 100 % in 1.5 to 2 hrs) through charger, but takes very long time through USB Port. 
No default screen guard is provided, but with the purchase of a 2.5 Tempered glass (~Rs. 250/-) and a Heavy Silicon Armour back cover (~Rs. 350/-), the problem can be solved. 
Fast delivery by Flipkart.  
Really it heats up in a 5 min phone call. The heating problem worsens if the network signal is poor (~ 95dBm or high) (SAR is ~1.6W/kg on head). Better to use head set during long calls.  
Even though the phone is 2GB RAM, available RAM is always < 1GB. 
Could have provided a ear phone as standard acccessory.  
Battery is 2900mAh, not 3000mAh as specified in the Flipkart page.  
It can be given a 4.5 star. Other updates will follow.  
 after 2 days of usage.
Great phone at this price. Speed, multitasking, camera all gud. 
But have heating problem , that too on the top side, at the receiver end of the phone. 
Charging takes nearly 6 hrs. 
Kindly bring an update to solve the problem. 
 Hi, 
I am facing problems with the cellphone Wifi connectivity. 
The Wifi signal drops very frequently(once in 3-5 minutes) and I have to manually switch it off and on again. 
I am using the same wifi dongle with laptop, Lumia 520, Samsung Core, Samsung Note, LG G3, Ipad Mini and I have never faced any issue like this. 
Request K3 Note buyers to please let me know in case anyone also has faced same issues like this or I have received the faulty piece? 
Thanks, 
Saurabh 
 This is a wonderful device and as mentioned a KILLER one. 
Let me jot down the points:-
1. Light weight and lookwise very good.
2. Build quality is very good
3. Crystal clear display an in sunlight doesnt have any problem in viewing as the glass in anti reflective.
4. Processing speed is awesome.with no lags or hangs
5. Notification light present
6. Sound quality is excellent and can beat any good system. Dolby atmos rocks.
7. Camera both rear and front are real performers.
8. No heating issue at all.
9. People might report about the SAR value but it makes no sense as even motorola have high sar value and people didnt had any problem till date.
10. Screen is butter smooth
11. Net is super fast
12. Battery with heavy usages like 100% WIFI, gaming, music and snaps last more than 26 hrs. 
I would suggest everyone to go for this mobile. Its a KILLER.  
 The both camera's are good. Major issues this days wid phones are hitting problem but this phone is not having such issues,happy for that. The phone is sleek and having a good battery life. Only thing disappoints not have headphone with this phone. But overall a good phone at such a price range. I ll surely recommend it. 
 Issues in lenovo Note k3  
1. compass calibration issue :keep calibrating compass after every few minutes
2.Proximity sensor issue: many times screen becomes black even phone is no near to ear
3.Phone hangs sometime as free ram comes to 200mb 
all above issues are related to software and not to hardware so lenovo may provide update on this 
 To start with, I was wondering about the days that will be taken to deliver the phone as there was a huge demand. I got this phone on the first flash sale, and believe it or not, the phone was delivered in just 2 days! Kudos to Flipkart for that!
Now, to the product. It is an awesome phone! A real jackpot for the price offered. The earlier versions A7000 and A6000 were good too, as I heard from friends. Let me take you to K3 Note. The specs, as mentioned in the site, is true and apt. The touchscreen is very responsive, and you can scroll/maneuver pages in a jiffy. You get around 11gb of storage space. The memory can be increased to upto 32gb. When using continuously for an hour, the phone heats up a little, which is common among 5.5 inch full HD phones. The camera is very good, especially the front camera. A humpty number of pre-loaded apps is great. The only drawback is there is no earphone. Well, you can get quality earphones from Flipkart itself. Not a big deal! And, there is no Gorilla Glass Protection. Though there is a scratchguard in the box itself, it would be good if you have a stock of it.
Go for it guys! It is a reall Killer Note! 
 Super Hd display, Fantastic camrea, smmoth interface. It is ultimately light like anything.  
****Disadvantage**** : Problem with compatability even with Sony and LG original headsets. No headset given with product. 
 After one moth use touch sensation fill not up to mark & gradually reduce & Now some part (around 25%) of screen completely not function. 
 This is my second phone from lenovo n as i expected i fully satisfied with its perfomance n features.......Following is my observation
1.Build quality is premium,slim,low wait
2.1080P screen is very sharp n shows true colors
3.Rear camera is awesome
4.Overall perfomance is very fast n i experienced not even a single lag even in hard multitasking condition....
5.Half of the ram is consumed by system,but since any much of apps can be held within rest ram withou problem
6.1080p videos can be played without any problem,totally smooth,streaming of 720p videos through youtube is also smooth in wifi condition
7.Battery backup is good but takes arround 2.30 hours to charge fully.....
8.Big games like asphalt 8 n gta can be played without any problem.....some people complained that lagging or throtling during high resolution in asphalt 8,but i suggest them uninstall and disable some junk apps,so that more ram will be free n stress on processor will be less...... 
9.I suggest to use a tempered glass for screen as the screen guard offered with it is not good,very this n doesnt give protection to phone...
10.Finally sar rating of this device is higher then other device in market,but i say its in limit n its not higher then the indian standard sar limit......n afterall all time it wont wont be radiating that much as it is the highest radiation of it..... 
Overall i give 10/10 for this device............. 
 I bought this product on first day of sale... Flip kart delivered me on time... But the main issues started from there... I got a damaged nd defective product... I requested for a replacement (flip kart offered 30 days replacement)...in a week time I approached for "return" thrice... But every time flip kart customer care executives are rejecting my query with out proper feedback. Reason they are mentioning that, unable to contact the customer. Dear flip kart if you record these executives query, please play it... Every time I am explaining the issues to executives... They are not looking into it, but everyone used to tell " sir pls do factory reset"'....as per their instruction I did 3 times.... No use... I explained this to the subsequent executives... But still they are also asked me to do the same... 
The phone started giving me 2 issues 1) in wanted sounds coming (like what we used to get when a flight takes off).... It's creating ear pain.... Can't hear for more than 10 seconds
2) the main purpose of a phone is to make call... But here the receiver of s call can't hear anything, but at the same time, what ever I speak, s coming out of my own phones speaker with the above mentioned sound.... Also the phone producing too much heat...  
Dear flip kart, how can you market this kind of substandard product by creating this much temptation on customers(need to register 2days in advance)... Dear customers never ever buy poor quality Chinese phones...   
 I received..lenovo k3 note mobile..but..configuration are good but. 
Mobile have 4 major problems.
 1. No Long battery back
 2. not working Bluetooth 
 3. Desktop wallpaper is not appeared
 4. high heat generating. 
 I booked the handset after seeing flipkart review. Was very happy to get such good phone. After receiving I faced few issues which really disturb the users. At first look the phone was awesome but after I started using the phone I faced problems. The phone heats up near the ear piece while on call. Its really annoying. Only if you are using headset you are safe. The battery drains off so fast, I could get the back up for only 12 hours after 100% charge. The battery fits into the phone so tight even authorized service center was scared to remove. I put both sim and placed battery.Now I am not able to put the memory card as the battery is very difficult to remove. Flipkart is wasting my time my referring to technical team which will call in 24 to 48 hours. Really I feel very bad for putting sale on flipkart. I kindly request flipkart to encourage tested products as we trust you a lot. 
 This is a true and genuine feedback from my side as I am using the set, I will not tell you about specification and other features but the performance of this K3 Kiiler Note, as Lenovo called this. 
The performance of Lenovo K3 Note is poor even worst, 
1. The RAM usage is more than usual, I am using the very basic apps like gmail, whats app, Music, and after these running application I am getting only 445 MB of free RAM out of 2 GB. 
Out of 2 GB you will get 850 MB free RAM in first boot as 1 GB is occupied by system and 150 MB by other applications.  
Once you start using the Mobile you will see that you are getting only 400 MB to 500 MB free RAM, Ridiculous. 
I am not sure it is Lollipop issues or Lenovo, Lollipop 5.1 is available but K3 Note dose not have the update. 
2. Now come to heavy usage like playing Asphalt 8, Clash of Clans or other games you will notice that these application is lacking in performance and hangs a lot.  
3. There are lot more lacking and hanging issues with keyboard even I have tried many different keyboard but the same issues, I have used those keyboards in huawei Honor 4c and it working fine.  
4. I would like to let you know that Lenovo do not have own service center anywhere in India not even in Delhi, they have 3rd Party service center and you will see the issues when you visit those service center even in the Nehru Place.  
5. Camera is poor, Auto focus and touch to focus do not work in night in flash, and you will see that Video do not have the touch to focus and auto focus do not work properly so you will shoot the blurred video as you will find the difficulty to get the camera focus on objects. 
Friends, these are the genuine issues which I am facing, I have purchased 3 LENOVO k3 NOTE and having the same issues in all of them, so I am sure the issues with the all the device not with the particular device. 
I am sure for few these are minors, but the conclusion is that why we will compromise when we are paying them for Mobile which perform well.  
Do not Rush with these sales as I have did, first day first Sale. :( 
All the best friends, please comment if you are also facing the same issues so that others did not make mistake.  
Best! 
 mobile getting hang and very slow battery quickly dry so don''t buy this lot of hang and i can't play any game in random u can use the multi tasking the phone will get collapse   
 I got this mobile 3 days back. Installed Asphault 8 lagging  
Mobile is Heating even while using whatsapp. 
Battery backup is less than Xioami ones 
Never go to this Phone. 
 K3 note genrates so much heat when wifi radio is on, customer care ppl say some applications are running, close them all and use like a retro phone, to reduce heat.
They say phone is cool, with no sim, and no apps running, and the phone is in good working condition.
There are no minus stars we can select on flipkart service rating, so giving 1 star.
You may need air condition to make it working as per phone specification. 
 The phone has so many problem which makes it useless for the people who use the phone for not for calling but also for inter-net using,playing games,etc.
The main problem is is gets over heated when we use it more than 5-10 minutes.
and other one is it hangs when we play games. 
 My review on Lenovo k3 Note in comparision with high end mobile devices like "OnePlus One" and "Xiaomi MI-3" 
Previously I used MI3.. It is the best phone till Oneplus is released.
Mi3 and lenovo note 3 and OnePlusOne have similar specs in terms of:
screen size 
battery
performance
etc.. 
pros:
This is the best phone in the market within the price range of 10k.
Why it is the best?
1) Weightless mobile even it is a huge 5.5inch screen with 2900mah battery.
2) Camera is the best 13mp and 5mp really feels good. Some companies like Gionee,Micromax,Intex,Wammy etc... they will release the mobiles with 13mp and 5mp too but they are the worst cameras. Clarity is not good,resolution is not good, zooming is not good and also low light,flash everything is worst in those mobiles.
But coming to this mobile - Camera is the best (Currently I'm using OnePlus and I'm comparing the camera with it)
Camera :
Oneplus - 8.5
Xiaomi MI - 8
Lenovo K3 Note - 8
Lenovo A6000,Lenovo P780, etc - 7 
3) Battery life
Now a days we are using our smartphone continuously to justify our needs. For that we really need a good battery backup phone. Even though we have Power banks, but we still require a minimum of 3000mah battery. 
This phone is very good for our daily life and it lasts whole day (9am with 100% and using FB, Whatsapp, net browsing for some time, Cricbuzz, few games and now 20%8pm) 
4) Memory
Why I moved from Xiaomi MI-3 to Oneplus One is bcz of lack of memory.
This phone has inbuilt 16GB which you get 10gb space in it and 32gb expandable memory. 
5) Performance
I can really say MI-3 and OnePlus are the best but in the mid range of 10k this phone is the best . you can install trending/popular games like CandyCrush,2048,TempleRun,SubwaySurf,BeachBugby,BouncySpeed,CrossyRoad,NinJump,RacingMoto,StickCricket etc...
Here I mentioned around 10 games... I performed all these games in this phone and there are no lags. 
And not last the least Why I prefer Lenovo apart from other companies like Intex,Micromax,Gionee,Wammy is : I am from hyderabad and we have enough service centres too, If something goes wrong no need to worry about the service. Even Lenovo has good no of service centres in each city in India.  
 Hi Friends.... 
I thanks Flipkart for delivering the product in 30 Hrs.  
I got my dream phone K3 Killer Note, i am using for last 24 Hrs so i proudly say that it kills all other smartphones in the market at 10K range. 
What to tell about K3 it is full of Killer performances nothing left behind. And it is also a boon to the Music Lovers just like me to hear the music in DOLBY ATMOS - THE BAAP OF MUSIC SMARTPHONE. 
It also has the Mobile Assistant App which suits to manage ur mobile data with your computer system without your data pack.( Just look ur K3 mobile in ur computer it will also display what you work in mobile in computer screen ) 
Everything is Ok for me in K3 KILLER. Having great fun with it. 
Go for it who has not yet bought it. 
Bye..... Take Care  
 I was able to place order within seconds on 8th July and got the product in a day. The phone is light, all other specs at Rs10K is un-matchable 
The only cons I can think at this moment are
- No Gorilla glassdisplay protection
- No Earphone in the package
- The specs claim for 3000 mA battery in most sites but the one I received in package is 2900 mA. So the battery may not last long as claimed 
Overall a good deal at 10K for this phablet from Lenovo! 
 Its not a 3000 mAh Battery drains very quickly even I didnt play any games. Full Charging time takes more than 6 hrs. I changed only 2g mode even though battry drains very drastically. In stand by also charge reducing 10% for 1 hour. While in call Phone gets more heat even for 5 mins talk. Totally phone is useless without battery backup and over heating issue. Better dont buy this phone.Its SAR rating is 1.59 its equally high rate(1.6) by Indian standard. It will emit more radiation in low battery. 
 My ever worst experience with Flipkart is this. I have purchased Lenovo K3 note with its promising and convincing specification @ Rs. 10K. When I actually received the product in hand and used for 3-4 days, I noticed that it has a major heating issue. Even if I talk on the phone for 15-20 mins, it heats badly and it is very difficult to place near to your face. When I charge the phone, even then it heats a lot. I am afraid of happening something bad with its extreme heating. Frankly speaking, I fear of its blast every minute. Then the worst part, I click for return. They rejected my request for 4 times. Now, my 1 month period for return is over. Now, I am helpless to sale this phone 3rd person. But, honestly, I am cheating with the 3rd person as I have been cheated by this fraud company FLIPKART. This is FLIPKART duty to exchange the handset and give us a fresh piece which is OK. Now, I have no choice except to sale this scrap to other person. I have paid hard cash to FLIPKART which I think that I have dropped in the well. and in their AD they pump a lot with happy to exchange program. Thanks a lot FLIPKART.   
 Features & cost is okay, Only issue for me is Heavy radiation, Causing Head ache and cont talk even for 2 minutes, 
 Lenovo has made this phone keeping in mind performance battery and all, but they missed on basic functionality of making calls. Phone gets heated too much while making call and heating occurs on earpiece only making it unbearable to talk. 
M returning this piece of shit. 
 its really frustrating to know that a phone which we bought does not contain its orignal headphones in it.means nowadays how can we even expect that a phone we bought will not have headphone.means they say on the site very nice sound quality on putting headphone but how can hear it without original headphone. really disgusting. now will have to order new headphone again and again wait for a week or more for it to deliver even in city like mumbai.really disheartening.you should not give very nice sound quality of headphone on the site if you not giving one.really bad 
 This phone does not live up to all the hypes and expectations. 
-While running the apps the phone is not fastest. It hangs a little bit. So performance wise it's not the fastest no matter how much it scored on Antutu.
- Available RAM is less than 900 MBs without any apps running which gets occupied quickly as soon as you run other apps. 
-User Interface is not very user friendly. 
-Notification bar is a big let down. Bunch of icons are cramped together and they are so small to look at. 
I used to own Yureka and it was truly the zeus of the phones. It never ever froze unlike Lenovo. It even cost less. I will try this Lenovo for few more days and return it if I dont like it at all  
 I have purchased this mobile on 8th July and got this on 13th July, poor quality of shipping.Now comes to the performance of mobile, I am using this mobile from last couple of days and felt like why i bought this because this mobile is hanging very much like if we play any app on it in the mean while if you open another app than it is working very slowly and if you click on the back button than it keeps on the same page for some time after that its going back. Now i want to send it back to flipkart and prefare any other.If i talk about the overall performance of this phone, i can say, its not very good. Average is the perfect ratting for this phone as per my point of view. It may be differs from other persons> It might be helpful to a person who wants to buy this phone. 
 Its not about hi-fi ingredients, which makes a great phone rather a perfectly optimized hardware - tried 3 times on ANTUTU bechscale, every time it scored 43-45.5K, what else you can expect from a phone, priced below Rs.10K. Long way to go LENOVO, HATS OFF'
Thank You. 
 charging draining very fast with out using 3g/4g/2g. camera quality is not good .No head set provided with this phone better to go with asus/Honor 
 Hi frnds!!!
Received within a day. Extremely fast delivery but moderate packing by WS retail.
Offer 4G sim came along with the pack. 
Pros:
1. Ultra light and astounding killer display
2. Radiant shiny white back cover, not pure white
3. Rear cam is really good
4. Battery is a monster (easily comes more than a day with internet on in one of the sim)
5. Very good screen guard comes with the pack
6. 4G compatibility in both sims 
Cons:
1. Audio is clear with good quality but not louder on speaker
2. Selfie cam lags a bit but display is ok for 5mp
3. No backlight on menu buttons
4. Only 850mb RAM is free out of 2gb
5. No headset 
Verdict: As far as performance, display, battery and cam is concerned, this is a real Killer of all the Cons listed above for a challenging price tag of 10k. Just go for it, cos there's no competitor for this yet with such a power packed spec. 
 I was one of the few guys who could click their mouse within seconds of the flash sales of 15th. Flipkart told me they are gonna deliver it by Thursday 23rd. And then there was a delay in delivering and its delivery was expected by Saturday 25th. But to my surprise the phone was delivered to me by Monday afternoon. Needless to say i was quite surprised with such a prompt delivery as i was new to Flipkart. 
Heres the review :  
The phone was well packed and in very good sealed conditions which impressed me the most as I went through Youtube with all its videos describing the horrors of online shopping from receiving stones to empty packages. I am sorry for the unfortunate customers but I was a bit tensed as well as impressed.  
1) On booting up for the first time you will be provided with various requests and you should go through them very carefully. If possible connect it to the wifi or data connection. I couldnt do so and its working fine but its highly recommended that you do so. 
2) The phone feels ultra lightweight even with a 2900mAh battery which performs extremely well with respect to the display size and all other features that it boasts of. Charging through usb is very slow but its always recommended that you go with the adapter. It is not a fast charging one but still does its job quite well. 
3) The display is awesome and there was no issue with it. The screen is hell of a fingerprint magnet but I would recommend going for a tempered glass protection and it wont bother you anymore. Some people point out that this is the worst thing but cmon man they are giving so much for 10k atleast respect the job they have done. There is no problem with the touch. Its responsiveness is very good and it reacts to each and every touch. 
4) The camera quality is good in fact very good for a 10k mobile and the interface and speed is really impressive. People those who complain about bad quality either you dont know how to take a picture or you are one of those people who are willing to spend Re 1 and want benefits like Rs 100. Even if the latter is true you should take the phone for it as that quality. 
5) Dolby atmos one of the most talked about areas of this phone. Well it works fine as far as i can tell. But i am having problem finding a headphone for this set. I hope flipkart or lenovo will release the accessories necessary. I have tested with samsung note 3 neo headphones and its really good the sound experience. I dont know whether it is a problem or not but the headphone could not be inserted fully in my set. I guess Lenovo uses a shorter length of the 3.5 mm jack. I will update this information after i visit the lenovo service centre tomorrow. 
6) Battery backup is very good and i have used that 1) Auto brightness 2) Medium brightness 3) Low brightness. My god even in the low brightness area the phone is quite bright. Easily one day battery backup available for whole day instant messaging using hike and whatsapp some fb and some browsing withh occasional app downloads. 
7) This phone comes with an led notification light and YES it is working for other apps too. I guess those who complained didnt check the settings>display>led notification> others. Mine is working fine with hike and whatsapp. Two colours are available red and green. 
8) No issue at all with network. Though i use the very bad Aircel sim card still its always a good call quality that greets me. For those whose volume decreases after picking up the call i suggest strongly that you check it again as i didnt face any such issue. 
9) Videos 1080p are playing without even the slightest of lag. Sound is good as you increase beyond the halfway mark. 
10) Alright lets sum up :  
Pros :  
1) Build 
2) design 
3) weight 
4) display 
5) camera 
6) battery 
7) sound quality and loudness 
8) performance 
9) touch responsiveness 
10) advanced features  
Cons :  
1) Screen is a fingerprint magnet
2) Headphone at reasonable price not available still
3) High SAR value but well within permissible limits
4) Too many preinstalled apps which can be uninstalled as and when you feel
5) No backlit keys still it hardly matters to me as they are well spaced 
Verdict : 
Stay awake and click the add to cart button as soon as it comes online if you want a hell lot of bang for your money. This is a good phone believe me for i am satisfied with this. 
Flipkart you also deserve the credits for such a good service. 
Thank you. 
 I won't waste my time detailing the specifications of the phone, which you all can get from the product page itself. I will rather concentrate on some of the pros and cons a normal user may face while using the phone. 
1. CAMERA: Of course you don't get dslr like images from a 13mp mobile camera.
But, the shots are decent enough for social media, although the low light shots tend to have a lot of noise. The front camera is NOT best in class, and you will probably find many better 
phones which are more selfie oriented. 
2. BATTERY: With data pack turned off the phone lasts for 2 days, which is really impressive by any standards. This includes average gaming, phone calls and lots of wifi time.
With data pack turned on though the battery life drastically reduces to a day, the reason for which is not clear to me. 
3. HEATING ISSUES: NONE. 
4. PERFORMACE: This is a mixed bag. My phone handled web surfing with play store downloads and music running in the background with at least 3 heavy duty background apps running without a problem. The Lenovo Vibe UI is not customisable but very smooth.
My frined's phone though lagged quite a bit on heavy duty games, whenever there was any background app running. 
5. SAR: There has been a lot of talk about the SAR rating which is on the higher side for this handset. But this is all layman talk, as I will explain in a few minute. SAR which stands for Specific Absorbtion Rate is a measure of the highest possible radio frequency emission of the device.
But the thing to be noted is phone calls with a 1.59 SAR rated device are not at all harmful unless they are really long. Using a headphone also eliminates the effects of the Radiation TO A LARGE EXTENT. 
Also to be noted:
1. A well maintained battery of a high SAR rated phone would emit less radiation than a lower rated phone whose battery is regularly mishandled. 
2.The amount of radiation emitted depends upon how the phone is used. Temperature affects the radiation amount and that is why all these devices have a temperature range of functioning mentioned on their product guide manual. 
My personal experience with the lenovo k3 note has been deeply rewarding.
It has performed extremely well in day to day usage , with absolutely no lag or software glitches. 
The missing star is because of the not so great battery and the subpar front facing camera of the phone. Hope the review was helpful.  
 Pros;
Very good product.
Price is less features of that of s4 to S6 of samsung mobile.
Battery very nice. Good.
compatible in size.
weight is very less.
Processing is very fast. Very good camera and video.
Lot of applications and sensors. Handy to work. 
Cons.
No ear phone.  
I have seen many reviews complaining about the latest 296 mb update coming in K3 note.
Kindly advise shall we update to this latest upgrade or not? Is there any issues in that? If so how to resolve? 
Apart from that Features of this phone are all good like software, Ram, Processsor,Dual Sim,SD card slot etc..
Camera is average not that bad but It could be better if you compare with Mi or Huawaei phones.. 
The only sad thing is the HEATING ISSUE...it heats a lot in mild usage..especially near the top portion of the phone both on front and back side..Did not expected this much heating..
Apart from that Build can be little bit more stronger and Sleek... 
Kindly let me know in case anyone else is also facing the same heating issue and is there any solution to this? Please let me know at the earliest... expecting some quick response from the users...  
 i received the indian first sale lenovo k3 note today...the screen guard send with the mobile was not for this model..anyhow i installed same and guess what as per specs of the screen guard matching phone it gt attached with the glue surface on the up side..it has effected the overall touch experience as it had dust saved in the screen...next as under settings > features > under ceramic speaker getting error " CERAMIC SPEAKER CASE NOT INSTALLED"..there was no ceramic case send with the mobile as well...why did Lenovo send the first batch of india sales (july 8th)with so many issues...it impacts overall customer experience.. last not the least why didnt lenovo send head set speakers with the mobile...real bad experience from Lenovo..no head set speaker send in box as well 
 Lenovo killer
" Yes it Kills You "
As it has maximum allowed Radiation Absorbtion Value (SAR) as india Government 
1.59 out of 1.6
It will produce maximum radiation and will have physical problems by Long time Use 
In my experience by calling less than ( 5 minute )using this phone i am having earache (heavy ear pain ) and Headache also .And some skin problems (Fingers are get dried and some other problems.
I have returned my product and they give new one . And it has the same problems 
About Features 
-CAMERA is VERY BAD -NO TRUE COLOR PRODUCTION (Less Red shade )
-VIDEO CAMERA IS REALLLLLLLLY BAD ( TRUST ME ).. (2/5)
-Front cam is average 
-DISPLAY ALSO NOT GOOOD...Absence of RED COLOR SHADE . Not good Color Production 
Everything Else are Ok 
* dont go through the reviews of first impression..
STRONGLY REJECT 
Flipkart services are ok 
 Lenovo K3 mobile battery is not performing well, even am not comparing to any one because he is not stand in front of anyone of the mobile phone battery. 
I am facing issue when am charging my phone its stuck while charging at appropriate percentage for few hour, and its take too long time for full charged after the phone switch off otherwise it will be hang.  
 Phone is so good.....camera quality is good...Screen quality is also good 
Highly satisfied..... 
cons:
*No headphones.
*hand gestures options(blink, v symbol) not working properly..... 
 Just yesterday received the phone and after installing apps battery charged. The phone heats up @ top side very much that you cant hold it to ears for talking. The battery is very very poor and starts draining at very high rate. The hardware also very poor. Requested return of this phone to flipkart..... 
Please be aware, Lenovo, Xiaomi are giving features @ low prices, but not of the superior standards.... 
Dont buy this phone. 
 Worst product ever seen. I have purchased the Lenove K 3 note online from flipkart thinking that Lenovo is a branded company which will maintain quality. Even though my friends had advised not to buy Lenovo , I have made a mistake. The set was purchased on 1st september 2015. On 28th December 2015, the touch pad is not working. I went to the Authorised service centre in Ahmedabad wherein I found there are almost all the cases have touch screen problem. The service in the authorised centre is worst as it took two hours to hand over the set to them. To my surprise they have told that it will take a month to get it reparied. 
Is this the way Lenovo service is working ? By capturing the market with less price they have compromised the quality of the product. I advise all you Guys do not buy any LENOVO product. 
R Subramanian
Ahmedabad 
 never buy this product....dead slow contact manager...heating issue....u will throw this phone to wall after using it.... 
 Lenovo phones quality is very poor. 
There is no proper after sales service from Lenovo. 
No Authorized service centers for Lenovo. 
 The worst product of lenovo, it is a failure model. It doesnot work properly. Always hangs out and touch doesnot work. I am facing a lot of problem with touch while typing, and making any purchase. Always hangs and I have to restart it always. 
 Third class phone worst touch screen i am very dissatisfy with service center bcoz last 1 month my mobile don't give back from customer service center so i suggest all of you don't buy any product of lenovo 
 Faced worst experience ever. Flipkart selling technically defective piece. Heating up like microwave oven. 
 I won't refer anyone to buy this phone. It heats a lot you can iron, warm water using ur phone. It hangs a lot , I really want to throw this on Lenovo's shitty face. 
1. My screen stop responding, whole black screen, they need to change it (Recent one).
2. My camera stops working, that's also replaced by service center. 
Every time a new issue occurs. I won't buy any Lenovo phone and suggest everyone go for Moto G or X.  
 Battery back is not great as i charged it and used 1 hour for seeing the performance it went down to 70%. Heating issues while using internet and playing games within 30 minutes. Really worried about phone getting complaints in the future. Hanging problem.
It is frequently haging.  
 I am regular tech user and not a gadget geek so i will keep my review honest and simple. This phone does not live up to the specs... After a lot of research i though i found a good phone for a good price. I am not happy from the day one as it freezes every now and then. Initially, i tough it is because of the Android version but more and more i use it i realise it is a wrong buy. The screen is not responsive. I removed the scree guard to see if that works but not much help. When i try to type some emails, i feel like throwing it away. The screen freezes almost every time. 
I would give it zero rating and would not recommend it to anyone. I am planning to get a regular mainstream branded phone other than these cheap phones that just look attractive with their specs...  
No wonder why 1GB quad core processors of Samsung and Nokia work better than these fake specs phones. 
 Con's
1) 5.5" is so big 5 inch is ideal.
2) vibe ui is not give the excitement of lollipop.
3) battery backup is not great it is normal. I can use continues internet 2g 6-8 hours.
4)phone design and look is not so attractive.
5) inferred and NFC , WiFi direct not available.
6) RAM free just 500 mb 
Pros
1) light weight
2) speed is superb
3) display is good enough
4) battery backup is fine then other phones
5)both camera is decent.
6)secure zone and multiple user
7)ultra power saver.
8) poker mode.
Overall awesome mobile. 
 yar flipkart wale 30 day bitane me lage rhte hai 30 day beet jane ke baad castmar ko bhool jate hai bhai mt buy krna ye mobile hing se le ke bhut si problem hai mera mobile 5 day me hi tk se work nhi kr rha tha inone sarvr down hai krke 30 day bita diya ab 2 month baad mobile dabba ho gya aor lenovo care ne v mna kr diya dekhne ko 10000 dub gye 
 very bad quality of sound and speaker
do not buy if you are music lover.
it has good feature but biggest drawback music  
 phone was awesome but i have facing display and charger problems after 25 days.so they don't replace me phone..i will go to the
lenovo service center on 14th of
sept.steel my phone in lenovo care center.TODAY IS 7TH OCTO.steel they can't replay and co-operate me..i have tired and what can i do? 
 I am using this phone for last more than 2 months as a normal user. Battery back up is superb. Voice is clear while making or receiving calls. Display is very clear and attractive. The camera of this K3 Note is best as I myself has recorded many videos and taken many photos. These are very clear and just like DSLR camera. The video recorded on this phone can be played on 40" TV and it will be very clear and sharp which is my personal experience. I recommend if you want a budget range phone with very good quality camera, this is the right choice. I am of the opinion that this is best phone at this price range when compared to any other phone available at present in the market.
So far as SAR value is concerned, I am not competent to comment because it is a technical issue.  
 Hi,  
I am trying to figure out what kinda phone is this. 
It is neither as bad as it is being said ,or good either. 
Thus is like a magnetic rod with two extreme poles 
When you consider yourself lucky to have this phone ,you will also experience what have you done . 
Pros. 
As advertised it is flawless in operation
It will hit the benchmarks like non other in this range
You have a lot of features to boast
Dolby Atmos is a rocking feature (you should have a decent headphones, I mean JBL SKULLCANDY SONY ETC.) Don't use mono headphones.
Ceramic speakers are supported it would be cool once we get the same in market.
OTG - My pocket hardisk also connected and it worked like breeze  
Cons. 
Extremely pathetic camera,front cam is better sometimes
The buttons do not respond sometimes, you need a restart
Device is not looking premium, poor simple design from Lenovo
No Gorilla or any other protection of that sort. Go for tampered glass protection. 
I haven't found any need for 340mb update they are giving, no bugs then what the hell is this update .I suggest don't update. Just wait for a new version release. 
Many people are complaining about RAM, I suggest don't use Facebook app (use lite version) and remove chrome ,Google search, and other nonsense apps from Google. You can anyway use them via a browser. 
Processing speeds are exceptional no complaints 
Battery ,learn to use the given options - there the different levels of power optimization
Ultimately you have to choose wisely. 
Many reviewer are just newbies and never used a Android budget phone.
Please learn to use before complaining. 
In my opinion this phone is good enough for Android users who have complete understanding about the Android OS and its phones. 
This is the reason why some people are giving 5 star and some are giving 1 star (there is no way you can give 1 star] you cannot in anyway justify this.  
 BOUGHT THIS MOBILE ON 11 TH AUGUST AND SUDDENLY ON 24 TH SEP THE PHONE HAS STOPPED WORKING. THE TOUCH SCREEN IS NOT WORKING 
 Guys,
 First of all I saw all the comments about the heating issues,battery drainage,and issues with the software.I want to tell that i got this phone on the first day i.e on 8th july.After getting the phone i also faced some of the problems with the phone .But after an software update of 328mb all major issues where solved and now lenovo has certified that K3 note will get the android M update and the told that after the update it will solve the ram problem and free up space.SO I WHAT TO CONCLUDE BY SAYING THAT ALL PROBLEMS WITH THIS PHONE WILL BE SOLVED AFTER THE UPDATE ..... 
 I have Problem with Heating ,
Phone hang Very frequently , Application get stuck, not even make call some time 
i have raised complain and requested for Replacement, and Flipkart telling me to go and Check in lenovo center 
 Used it for 25 days and finally returned it because of one issue which is heating. Both pack and front get hot to an extent that you can't really keep it in pocket.  
 This is one hell of a phone.Mind blowing UI,Awesome Display.Full 1080p screen.
This K3 Note beats Moto G3 in all areas.Camera is excellent.Gaming experience is nice.The biggest advantage it has is its 5.5' HD display.
Just Go for It.Dont judge it by its Negative reviews.Lenovo is also giving System Update for Smooth work of phone.
Conclusion:-Buy It. 
 Its an amazing product.good battery life,good design,good speakers,attractive price,ONLY PROBLEM IS IT DOES NOT HAVE GORILLA GLASS PROTECTION>................ 
 i got this phone at 21st aug. within 10 days its getting hang.
every morning i lost my mobile network & i have to reeboot phone every day.
don't buy this phone.  
 set heated too much in a short use. battery performance is also average, camera quality is not as should be. not so good as it is 13MP CAMERA. 
 The heating issues on this phone are very noticeable. The phone started heating up even when I was talking on the phone for 5 minutes.  
UX doesn't look very polished, but that could be my personal opinion. 
 Before you read further, let me tell you that I took a refund within 15 days of usage. The 3 problems that I encountered were as follows: 
Firstly, several times I was not able to receive the incoming calls (particularly the waiting calls) as the screen used to become completely non responsive to all finger movements. After the call used to disconnect, the set used to become normal. I was able to call the caller back. 
Second problem was related to frequent crashing of Gmail account with msg "Your gmail account has stopped". Frequent crashing of gmail was quite frustrating. Though I re-installed everything and even reset the mobile to factory settings but problem persisted. 
Third issue was related to Data connectivity. After switching on the toggle switch of the Data, the connectivity wasn't starting in the first attempt. I had to struggle couple of times or even restart my handset to get the data connectivity going.. 
Lastly, I did not get the feel of carrying a handset which is strong and tough. Looks like a delicate and fragile piece which may break any moment. 
Thanks to Flipkart, I was able to return the handset and get the refund. 
Shall wait for Xiomi Redme Note 2 Prime getting launched near Diwali. 
Chao.. 
 I am using it from last 2 months now. When we use GPS its heats like anything...even u will get a burn on the body if you place it in pocket. 
Phone hangs every now and then. there is not a single day it never hanged. In spite being 2 gb ram I can get only 500-600 mb of RAM available..
Tried clean master app but of no use.
I guess Micromax is much better choice 
 The product was fine and worth for it, There is no battery issue like Samsung phones. Its better than that stand by 1Day for our normal office use. 
Concern: Camera is not up to the mark its equal to 5MP of other std phones. 
 I'm not satisfied this product........both camera is not clarity, net speed is very poor this all is negative points and only one positive side is good looking ..plz dont wate ur money 
 Cons :- Heavy look, 32 Gig expandable memory & high SAR (Radiation), Heating issue 
Rest everything pretty decent. 
 Pros: 
Fantastic phone in terms of brand, configuration and best value for money.
Camera quality is amazing. 
Cons: 
Battery is getting down faster. 
 Firstly, I would like to talk about the flash sale idea of any phone, which makes a mockery of sales, anyways i got this phone on the 3rd attempt of trying, that too i received after more than a week because of some vendor issue, which was however acknowledged by Flipkart too. Now let me talk about this phone. 
I would not say its a wonderful phone, but if we talk about this price segment. Its indeed a great device. It looks very premium and stylish, however the plastic could have been better. 
1. Looks - Quite good and impressive looks 15-20 k 
2. Processor - Though i heard a lot about its processor, but after en extensive use, there is one flaw. it runs quite fast till it gets heated, once it gets heated up, you might feel the lag especially if you are playing high graphical games like Asphalt, Nova.
3. RAM - This is the biggest flaw as you only get 1200 MB RAM out of the box, but you wont get this feel if you open many apps too, bcoz it runs quite fast after that too.
4. Storage - You get around 8.65 GB out of the box, which is fine.
5. Hardened Glass - The phone doesnt come with a corning gorilla glass, which is quite common in sub 10K phones these days, but it doesnt matter as i i dint experience any scratches as been using for over a month.
6. Sound Quality - Though the speaker is just average, but if you have a great pair of headphones, this will turn out to be your Home theater system, one of the best sound qualities you get.
7. Display and Touch - Beautiful display especially when you play high HD videos, it easily leaves most of the phone behind in this category with a very smooth touch.
8. Camera - The rear camera is still descent enough if you shoot pictures or videos outside in the sunlight but the front camera will take you back to the old VGA camera days, not at all worth it, not good for people, who love to click selfies more often.
Features - Its a feature rich phone and definitely makes this phone worth it and premium with plenty of new features, however if they would have used the the google launcher instead of VIBE interface, it would have been better. 
Overall, i would like to give 4 star to this phone, because of its looks, performance and price, but few things still need betterment like camera, heating issue, vibe interface. 
 Well, I read a lot of reviews and watched a couple of youtube videos on K3 note before registering and paying for it.
I'll not get into it's tech specs I think most people have already written it over and over again.
I'll compare it to a Samsung Note 2, as I wanted a replacement for that. Also at times, I'll refer to LG G3 and LG G4.
To start off with K3 Note appeared a bit sluggish to begin with, when compared to Samsung Note 2.
It performed all the day to day tasks which I do on my note2, however, loading of apps may be took just a bit longer.
My favourite game is Subway Surfer, I downloaded the same and ran it. Normally on my Samsung Note 2 in the initial 1 min or so there is a short pause and after that the game runs smoothly. This is also happens on to my LG G3. However, on the K3 note the game does not encounter this issue and runs pretty smooth, just when you are loving to play the game, the phone gets mildly warm on the upper back side of the panel and the game starts to stutter.......And the phone rapidly degrades in performance after just playing SUBWAY SURFER for 25 mins. The performance goes for a toss.
I could not beleive myself and ran AnTuTu test on it.......
BUT WAIT that is covered in different reviews as well......but here is a GAME CHANGER for you the AnTuTu benchmarks rate it between 20K to 21K.
I also got the AnTuTu benchmark to 41K+.... 
One phone 2 results, isn't it amazing and this is what got me in as well. This phone is a 64 BIT phone and not a 32 BIT phone. You have to run the AnTuTu 64 bit on it and that rates the phone between 20K to 21K.
Now repeat the same AnTuTu test under 32 BIT version and it rates itself to 41K. 
The charger provided has a nice thick charging cable, the cable can be used for syncing have not tried it though. The charger is 1500 mAH or 1.5 AH. While charging the phone the charger gets so hot that u may need to wear gloves to pull it out from the wall. 
The reasons why I picked this phone was that I thought that it would be better than my note 2 or if not better it would be it's equivalent.
It has an FM radio.
Supports 4G speeds.
It has a removeable battery and a camera specs. The camera is decent but do not expect something too much of it. 
Overall, very disappointed with the product. Will be using this phone as a 4G router only, not sure if it would not get hot then. 
Flipkart and WS Retail have been brilliant all through. 
 It took me many days and many many many youtube reviews to settle down for Lenovo K3 Note / I liked Xiaomi Mi4i = 13000/- Moto G3Gen = 13000/- Micromax J5-J7 = 11000/- to 13000/-Xolo Black = 13000/- Panasonic Eluga = 10000/- Asus Zenfone = 10000/- to 13000- Meizu = 13000/-
Finally I find Lenovo K3 Note the best among these mobiles given above that too under 10000/- 
Review after 2 days of normal usage
-Booked on 26 August received on 28 August, 2015. Excellent delivery by Flipkart / WS Retail and Ekart Logistics and Ambala Hub. 
-Packaging was average and box of Mobile satisfactory. 
Include mobile, charger 1.5 ampere better than 1 ampere chargers. usb cable for charging , data transfers and some papers. 1 screen guard (plastic). 
No headphones. No Airtel 4G sim included. ( When registered for flash sale then there was included but on the day of booking it was excluded) Customer care @ Flipkart said may be out of stock.
No Corning Glass. 
-Look of Mobile = 10/10
-Feel / hold = 10/10
-user friendly = 10/10
-volume of ringtone = 10/10 ( some are very slow )
-UI lenoevo / Android lolipop = 10/10
-camera - pics taken inside room seems good... quality outside will be excellent i know - 9/10
-you can take pic by taping screen / blink/ waving hand / self timer / voice command say 'snap' or 'cheese' - picture is taken -----lovely uses of smart phone = 10/10
-Display quality ultimate with 5.5 screen size - this was the main reason I needed this phone - It had all best features in 10000/- Rs....easy to hold no problems. 10/10
-Video recording - full HD - 10/10
-RAM - from 2Gb you get 0.90 Gb in new mobile. Add more apps and games. left to 300/400 Mb but functioning of mobile does not or suffers. ( weall wish RAM should be more free most of it is used by system app) some you can disable , some delete..( sd card and otg not used till now) I believe there will be option to moce apps and games to SD card too....Will check and update again.
-16 Gb ROM we get approx 9 GB.
- Charging takes time 2.30 - 3.00 hrs...ok for me..(use the other phones/Tab/Laptops)
No issues in charging - 
-Same as heating...yes it does feel warm some time soon and some time late but again no issues ----- leave it for sometime 
 - SAR value which made me worried a lot before buying K3 note - 1.59/1.60 - its too high... but you got to know that it will reach this high only when its all radio frequencies are working at the same time like - both 4G sims, data packets, wifi internet, bluetooth , Talking on phone....and still it will remain below 1.60 level described by Indian and USA Government. Earlier Indian standard followed Europian standards of 2.00 limit. 
 Many features of smartphone
-Smart click options in camera
-Turn phone upside down just to make it silent when call ringing
-Double Tap screen in lock mode to awake
-on lock screen make 'V' for camera ON
-on lock screen make 'O' for Google Chrome ON
-Best is INSTANT picture - when phone in lock mode - Just double click volume button- you get the pic instantly. 
Friends not to worry just go for it - you will love it  
 box doesn't contain headseat Camera clarity is worst both 13 mp and 5mp..the 13 mp camera looks like a 5mp camera..the clarity of the photos are not that great and when you zoom that photo it becomes even more ugly....the front camera is also like that in indoor lighting condition if you try to take a selfie you wont get a good quality image...and in outdoor and natural condition it is ok but not that great.you wont get a good quality picture for uploading in social networking sites.you have to carry another phone/camera to take pictures .in terms of camera of the phone its just a crap. a7000/a6000/nitroa311/yu yureka,asus phones camera is far more better than this shit.  
 mobile heating too much..
Device is not good.
network issue 
hanging issues  
 I am perches lenovo k3 note on 21 Aug. in hand set memory card slot problem i am many time contact of toll free number very bad service 
 Third Class smart phone i have ever seen. Heats up within 1 min. 
if play andy game or open any apps phone gets hang.  
 Even I got fooled with the HW configuration, too good for the price. My $0.02 for all the prospective buyers, think twice before buying this. There was an issue with the Wifi for which Lenovo released a patch but it seems the problem is with the Wifi Antenna, a HW issue. I have been trying to get some help from the Lenovo team but their post sales service doesn't seem to respond. 
 dont buy lenovo k3 note if u want to use pure android.The k3note having 2 GB of RAM but it cant performing multiple tasking. camera performance is very week as compare to lenovo6000 and nexus-4 in day light and and flash mode..gaming perfomance is very bad even 60 MB size of game dosent performs well in lenovo k3 note. The worst phone i ever used in my life dont buy this phone in 7k MI redmi is better than lenovo k3note :( 
 1. Over Heating in 5 Mins. 
2. Battery Drains to 80% in few mins
3. Takes long time to charge
4. High Radiations 
Not recommended at all.. 
Lenovo wake up as u have so much of competitors 
 HD Display is simply awesome, camera is good with some features. 
No lags and you can play game in wider screen with superb resolution. 
Battery is discharging soon and I am facing heating issue.
Waiting for Lenovo Update for heating fix. 
 Waited for the launch of Laser Yellow and bought it 
Overall a good phone... Fast and No lags... 
Battery is not behaving like a 2900 Mah battery... It heats up quickly... 
 This is not much worth becoz of those problems
1:High SAR values 
2:Battery gets drained quickly
3:connectivity problem
4:heating issue
5:apps get crashed  
 I m using this mobile since one month..and observed many thing...i thnk my review will help you to make your decision.
Firstyl
 this is good looking mobile and shap, size is also perfect. 
Than the display...brilliant ..sharpness is good..
Battery is fine ,works for a whole day in mix usage
Processing ...well it works fine..some time there is slight lags in common usage
Sound quality is pretty decent with dolby 
No heating issue 
Some issues i have faced are
Camera ...bad camera quality in indor conditions and same with video quality.....
 Lack of options in camera setting
 (If you are a camera lover ..i think camera can disappoint you like me)
Wifi and hotspot ...afer a one month use ..two times wifi and hotspot stopped 
 Working ..i could not use xander as well as many other similar application 
 to transfer files.
These are to major problems i have encountered  
 1 GB Ram Consuming for in built Apps.... 
Use earphones to avoid Radiation. 
Software not up to the mark. 
Cell Broadcasting disturbance.
camera clarity too poor. 
 But worth full 10K. 
 * Flip-kart Delivery is very very very poor in these days as compare starting days. 
* Phone is good with great performance.
* Camera Quality is also good but not a great performance.
* Good screen and sound with or without out Dolby.
* Battery life also good.
* Value for Money.  
 Everything is fine for me but, I have WiFi connectivity and Bluetooth connectivity issue with this phone. When I try to transfer pictures to my I-pad through Bluetooth. It shows connected to that device but actually not. K3 note shows connected but in I-Pad shows not connected. The same issue with K3 note and my Laptop.
WiFi: When I reach to my home and try to connect with WiFi. I can't do it. K3 doesn't display that WiFi name. while WiFi is connected with my I-Pad. To solve this issue, I have to do switch off and switch on the phone.
If any body have the solution, please share here otherwise I have to return this phone.  
 continues talk 30 mints then head-take 2 days... after i have check the radiation level..its 2.63... Maximum radiation level..2.56....Don't buy this.....buy branded mobile Samsung,LG, sony, HTC etc....costly but safe our body... Flipkart provide mobile Lenovo,Motorola, Huawei etc are 1.33 to 2.63 level Radiation... before you buy check the radiation level in Google search.... company first inform "Lenovo killer note" that's correct ... bcz this will kill you continues use 1 Year.... 
 When i first held the device in my hands i was disappointed at the first feel of it. I thought may be the looks and build quality are bad but the performance might be great but i was disappointed in the performance also.
Here is a list of Pros and Cons-
Pros- 
1.Display- Though very reflective in the outside.
2.Front Camera- a lot better than other phones.
3.Battery Backup- Simply Great Battery Backup, Though charging takes around 4 hours with the original charger supplied. 
Cons-
1. Speakers (very low volume , mine was defective and squeaked.)
2.Touch Sensitivity- irritatingly less responsive and mind you its only 5 point touch screen.
3. Primary Camera - Very slow shutter speed, have to keep your hands still to get a clear picture
4. User Interface- Messy
5. Build quality - feels like a piece of cheap plastic.
6. Signal Problem- If one of your sim is in roaming you have to switch it off and on to get a signal.
7. Very low earpiece volume. Cant hear it clearly in the outside.
8. Service Center- 
PS: No dedicated Service centers. i went to get my speakers repaired in two different service centers none were dedicated and all they service 5-6 brands under one roof and its very busy there. i have visited 3 days until now and till now i have not got it repaired. 
if you really want this phone buy a Lenovo A7000 its not any better than that, bad yes.
Two stars only for the battery and front camera. 
 I got this phone yesterday but I am facing heating problem...
I want to exchange my phone because it heats a lot near its speakers..
When I makes any call it heats on my ears... Its irritating then Nokia 1100...  
 Hi,  
5 Days Back i took Lenovo K3 note from Flipkart, this mobile getting lot of Heat issues while browsing & talking. Any body facing Same issue with this cell ? Or in my cell only any Problem. Please help me out friends Depends on yours reply I will exchange or return this mobile to Flipkart. 
 Hi,
I purchased the Lenovo K3 Note a two days before. But the phone is getting heat like anything suppose to use min of 10 mins. Please be aware. 
 Screen of Lenovo K3 Note is very-very fragile. I was carrying it in my trousers pocket and it had broken without any accident. I visited the authorized service center and they told me that it is not covered under guarantee and will cost 5800 Rs (58% of mobiles cost). I purchased it from Flipkart flash sale on 15 July and received it on 22 July 2015. The screen got damaged in 20 days only, although this mobile was handled very carefully. 2 GB RAM sounds very attractive, but more than 1 GB is consumed by the OS. 16 GB Internal memory another attraction, but more than 4 GB is consumed by the OS itself. Back cover of this mobile is also of very-very inferior quality. I would recommend everybody to never purchase this substandard, third class mobile. It will never pay the worth of your money. Actual rating for this mobile is -5.8 (Minus Five Point Eight). - Govind 
 The phone Gets heated up and also when we call for continuously like 10 min our ears get high radiation and we can feel after ending the call. Also the SAR value is 1.59 / 1.6 that is too high.
Also The Camera Quality Of the product is very very bad. Front cam seems the quality of a VGA cam and back Camera never meets the quality of at least 5MP. 
 I didn't feel the PPI of 401 in this Mob. Only benefit is the Processor speed and ram.but if phone heats processor automatically shutdown the cores and the phone goes lag !!
Such a Wastage of money for me !! 
 Everything is good or OK about this phone.  
Rear camera auto focus sucks. It can not take doc pics as clear as samsung 5MP camera.  
But it is awesome in outdoor condition 
Even front camera has a timing problem with screen flash. 
Battery last for 12 hrs after a 2 months when using high social networks over wifi and google maps as well..  
OK fone. budget fone. 
 I received the mobile. Its working fine But no headset in the box but mentioned clearly the box contains head set 
 Received the product yesterday, delivery was faster than expected, (within 3 days). 
Packing was good and found sealed properly. Items Inside the box were very limited. Phone, 1.5A charger, a screen guard and a simple manual. Earphones was a big miss in it. 
No microfiber cleaning cloth was provided with screen guard, hence remove the plastic layer on the screen just before installing the screen guard. do not remove it too early. Otherwise you have to buy a microfiber cleaning cloth to clean the screen surface. 
Build quality of the phone also was not upto the mark, main reason was the back cover felt like a low quality plastic and the home and volume buttons are attached on it gives a low quality design feel. 
Camera quality also found low, captures like an 8MP sensor. 
Main Positives,  
No heating issue, for a continues wifi, 3g and gaming, Game+3g or Game+wifi, phone was found cool..  
No lag, stuck, hang issues. smooth running with 4 or or 5 application running simultaneously.  
Audio is clean, while playing music and phone calls. 
Still it's the best in this price range!!   
 nice product from lenovo
i dont find any problem in this phone..
everything is fine... 
i m not getting battery or phone heating problem
cam is also good...   
 The Specs Mentioned on the paper only looks good on paper. Don't buy this product if you are looking for a genuine performance driven mobile. The UI provided by lenovo alone consume 5 GB of System Memory out of 16 GB apart from that it also consumes 1.1 GB of RAM. And other essential apps consumes around 500 Which is very high and in total you have only left with ram of 500 MB. Which is not suitable of Game Playing and other stuff. Overall Only Good of Listening Music and Watching Videos. 
 I have been using this phone for the last three weeks. Overall, it's a nice phone to have. The pros are:
 1. Nice display -- 1080p videos are a pleasure to watch.
 2. Audio quality with Dolby Atmos is awesome.
 3. Battery backup is good. I get more than a full day with moderate usage.
 4. Front camera is good. Rear camera is OK in daylight or with flash. In low light conditions it leaves a lot to be desired.
 5. Ultra power mode is really helpful when the power is low.  
But the phone also has some serious cons:
 1. Heating. If a call takes more than 10 minutes, you'll feel the heat. With the recent update, the heating is reduced but still it's there. Also when downloading via 3g, the phone heats up.
 2. The camera doesn't have anti-shake feature. If you don't hold it very still, you might get blurry images.
 3. The flash is not always synchronized. So even with flash you might get completely dark pictures every once in a while.
 4. This is my biggest problem -- third party apps don't have the permission to write to external SD card. That means you can't use a third party file manager to rename/delete/move files in your SD card. This sucks! 
 5. One other nagging issue is that the gallery app has some serious deficiencies. It can zoom images only upto a point (which is not high enough) and if you even crop the image the resulting image would be totally blurred -- very less quality than the original. So just for cropping I am forced to download an image editor. 
Overall, I like this phone but I hope Lenovo at least sorts out the software issues -- especially the SD card write problem. 
 This is one of third class mobile ever for connectivity.
Dear please dont buy this if any one interested i can sell my phone in 6500 only.
Following are the isssues we are facing.
1. Wifi cant work after 300 MB downloading check out this.
2. You cant create Hot spot.
3. The range of wifi is too small. 
If solve the problem of wifi its SUPERB.. Phone. 
 rear camera is very week, company claims 13 mega pixel but it is less than 5 megapixel
delivery not on time. company claims delivery in three days but deliver after ten days after fighting. 
 camera is not good it's seems like a 8-9 mg camera they say 13mg camera but result make us foolish thanks 
 I'm using this mobile more than a week 
Pros
1. Good UI - But even though im using Nova launcher and it looks best 
2. HD videos whatta clarity and seamless video playing just awesome
3. Coming to camera. With 13MP expectation is not surpassed but if you take picture in lighting condion cam is good. Even front cam also.
4. Coming to RAM usage, you just need to close the running apps so that you will have always 1GB of ram left.
5. Gaming is also good. I have played only real racing. Plays smooth, no lags.
6. Music with dolby speaker audio sound also great, headset if you have a skull candy, L.G(nexus 5) headset both are too perfect as a melody.
7. Features are great with Lenovo Sync it, Secure zone, Double tap( no need to press power button to unlock).
8.Battery Backup comes 12hrs with full time wifi & 3G data on & some 35 mins of calls.
9. Coming SAR level even iphone has 1.5w/kg it does mean that it radiates same level throughout the usage. It can maximum exhibit 1.5w/kg. People who commentine negative just understand wat is SAR.
10. Great internal storage and im using 16GB memory card so it's 32Gb phone :-D 
Cons
1. No Headset from flipkart
2. They delivered product on 20th of july only but i have ordered on 15thog july
3. There is no heavy heating issue but very slight bak panel is heating but compare to sony xperia M dual this heating issue is far far better.
4. You cant move apps to SD card but manageable. 
Anyways @Rs 9999/-, This mobile has given a lot of features to smile and use it.
Best Buy i could say. This is #killer Note. Just close your eyes and go for it. 
 Amidst a lot of confusion and apprehensions I purchased this product.After having Lenovo A7000 for quite some time, facing terrible heat issues with Lenovo A7000 and the high SAR value of Lenovo Note were on my top of my mind while confirming the order. 
I did get one in the first flash sale but decided to opt out and finally got this in second flash sale. 
The verdict"Its a must have phone at this budget"
Will not go into the specs as all details and all are already discussed. Lets look at some specific usage patterns that I got it for hope many users will find this useful:
1.Price point -Bang in the affordable range for the specs and u dont feel the pinch
2.Got a Temper glass for the screen from Ebay at 160 bucks while the same is ebing sold in retail outlets in bangalore for a whopping 350-400
3.Usage is mainly whatsapp, facebook, call for approx 45mins-1 hr per day , texting of approx 20-30 smses, no games no heavy app usage and no photo graphy heavily-Doing this............
4.Charged the smartphone on Saturday 2.30pm.till now its Monday 9.30am still 20% charge is remaining
5.Sound audio all are excellent-touch response is damn speedy and no lags
6.Available RAM is 800mb approx which is less than My remdi Note 3G but its doenst pose a serious threat.
7.Most importantly no heating issue at all. I would suggest u not to update the device to the latest firmware the heating issues in my A7000 also started post updation so I am not updating the device firmware this time
8.Build and feel is strong with great classy premium lightwight feel
9.get some nice covers fro Ebay. Same as Lenovo A7000 same back panel so same cover can be used
10.Used my Samsung earphones, my Sony MDR and other headphones. works perfectly fine also no heating while talking or any apps. 
Go for it if u are really hand tight on budget and yet dont wanna compromise on loks and specs.
One small tip just insert a freshly formoatted Micro SD card-.umount it remount reformat the card in the smartphone itself.restart ur system.the heating issue which happens in Lenovo A6000+ is because of this micro sd card so this trick will probably prevent the same in Lenovo K3 Note. 
Thanks to flipkart for a 1 day prompt delivery 
 Power packed phone, nice features. But the drawback is that the phone gets heated up, even with minimal usage. While charging, the phone temperature rises to 40-45 degree Centigrade. 
 got the killer note in first sale. was delivered within 2 days. the phone is good. its light weight. only defect which i could find is its SAR value is 1.59 ,which is very high. the phone get heated up after talking for some 10 min. even you ears get heated up. camera ,display, touch, front camera etc are amazing. go for it if you are someone who doesn't talk long.
no ear phones along with the phone 
 I bought this K3 note on 22nd Jul 15 received in just 1 day. since I was micromax user I had a plan to buy micromax Nitro mobile as most of my friends have it.. but when I say the camera quality of nitro and screen resolution I was not happy. My micromax canvas 2 plus had better camera quality then this nitro. So I had decided to go for Lenovo K3....  
No Mush heating problem you wont feel that.
Awesome looks and features. 
light in weight.
Camera is really Live and good.
Audio Quality which I wanted.  
 1. Battery drainage is very fast. once fully charged battery lasts for maximum 5 hrs
2. Available RAM is only 650 MB out of 2 GB.
3. Delivery was very long and I had to weight 8 days to get it delivered 
Definitely Lenovo K3 note is not justifying the hype created by flipcart 
 Excellent mid range phone from Lenovo.
Good Speed. Unwanted applications need to remove.
It should have Gorilla Class. 
 awesome mobile for 10k so far no issue.
pros:
1.very good display
2.battery life too good same as MI.
3.camera too good and selfie is great in day light 
4.gaming and browsing is too easy no lag 
cons
1.cam is not so good in off light but acceptable for 10k
2.RAM consumption worst
3.while charging....charging area will getting heat.Its usually seen all lenovo brand,no issues during call no heating
4.no back lit and gorilla glass protection. 
I recommend this killer note.go head.  
 I go through all the negative reviews here regarding this Product,i was just soo shocked to see that in a price tag of 9999 some are complaining about the product,to all the"NEGATIVE REVIEWERS" what u want in a Price tag of 9999 an "Iphone!!! like feature.i hear lot about High SAR value i want to confirm that High SAR value doesnt mean always that it will emit large radiation,but it effect is mostly heating and which i didnt find while using the product for a long time.Sooo go for it #Lenovok3 Note
Lenovo k3 note is just perfect of all the budget smartphones available in market today "JUST GOO FOR IT"without any hesitation 
 Display - excellent 
Sound - Good 
camera - good 
performance - good . might be not suitable for game lovers ( Heavy ) due to mediatek processor used .
Battery - okk . 
 Full Hd,Great performance, Decent camera, Great sound effects on headphones--Dolby atmos... Only con is that it heats a little on continuous usage- 
 Today ireceived my lenovo phone from flipkart, really its good phone till now i didnt faced any heating issue, touch response awesome. Hatsoff to Lenovo
Pros :
Fast charging
Touch response is fast
Good build quality
Rear camers is superbb
frontcamera - good  
cons:
No Gorilla Glass protection 
 this phone awesome in 10000/- budget. anyone wants to buy mobile in 10k budget ,blindly can go for this.. every feature is beyond expectations..it gives u premium look.. 
 many people gave -ve feedback about this phone. but they dont know how to this phone. user guide application is given in this phone which helps u to efficient use. 
sound is extraordinary. display, no words to say. speed is nice..  
before buying, plz keep in mind that you are buying 10000/- worth phone, not 50000/-.  
 It is a very nice phone. But it doesn't have earphone in the box that's the only problem. Otherwise it is superb. I'm happy to buy it. 
 My Personal Review is lenovo did a excellent job to give me and other lucky to give a such wonderful product in this reasonable price nobody believe that this phone have every feature as compared to samsung note 3. A very Thankful to FLIPKART TEAM AND MANAGEMENT to give these awesome deal in such reasonable price. Waiting For Lenovo K4 Note or Other Lenovo product.Hats off Both of Company. 
 Great hd display with great speed coz of 2gb RAM also great camera ... BUt annoying delay in flipkart delivery 
 After using this phone for about a week, I am really very happy with it's performance.
The delivery was superb, delivered in just 2 days and also the packaging was good.
In the first impression of the phone, it feels light in weight and looks very premium.
Now talking about pros and cons of this device: 
PROS:
1). Looks are great,very light and stylish.
2). Specs are amazing, the performance is buttery smooth.
3). Camera is good but could have been great. But front camera is excellent.
4). Screen. It's large,vivid and very colorful and even great in sunshine.
5). 4g connectivity is working fine,getting speed of almost 20mbps. 
CONS:
1). No earpieces provided in the box.
2). No gorilla glass protection.(u can buy a tempered glass screen protector for Rs 100) 
And the final verdict:
This is the best feature packed smartphone in this price segment. 
 i have used asus zen phone 5 and yu yureka but this lenovo k3 note is just awesum better battery back then tha asus zenfone 5 and yureka.
the display is just superb and the slick design attract the eye .
its really value for the money go for it guys 
 I was lucky to get this Awesome phone in my cart the first day..was waiting for this phone from 3 months. 
After using this mobile for 1.5 days i think i qualify to review this product,.. 
Pros:
Awesome display, Touch is awesme
Great Speed, thanks to Octacore and 2 gb RAM phone performs effortlessly
Great Signal reception, Call quality is great, 3g runs like 4G, downloading is super fast
DOLBY ATMOS is really good, but please chose good earphones to experience the best audio experience.
Camera is very good, more than my expectation. Dont know why there are so many negativity for camera, are people expecting DSLR??
Ultimate Battery Saver option is the highlight of this phone and i think the best feature to come for Smartphone, at night 12.30 i had my battery at 13% and i switched on the Ultimate Battery Saver and when i woke at morning it was at 11%, isnt it really awesome??
Great Design and Nice feel while holding the Phone 
Cons
I excpected a lot with the battery of this phone, but i am really disappointed with its backup, i also have Lenovo A6000 plus which gives a very good Battery Backup, but this one is really laging behind, i am a moderate user and it only lasts 10-12 hours.  
Battery charging is too Slow. It takes 4 hours to Charge from 0 to 100% which is not at all good. There should have been Fast Charge option. 
VIBE UI is very boring and limits myself, hence i have downloaded Cobo Launcher which is really great and phone looks lot better and beautiful. 
For Rs 10k, the Pros surely dominate Cons, hence it is a Must Buy Phone and Folks go for this awesome phone and enjoy best smartphone experience.   
 Luckily I got K3 (black) on first sale. Below is my review 
Pros
Build :- good material, fit in hands perfectly.
Camera :- far better than Red Mi note, Yureka and other 10k range phones.
Sound :- its dolby atmos , really pretty.
Weight :- best part its too light to hold compare than Mi, YU and other competitors.
Display:- perfectly visible in sunlight, touch is very smooth
Performance:- no hang or lagging during playing high definition games like Asphalt8.
UI :- it is impressive launcher.
Battery:- it lasts more than 30hrs with basic apps and moderate use. 
Cons
:- No backlight for home buttons
:- No dedicated option to turn off shutter sound, instead need to volume off to soundless clicks.
:- No earphones :( 
but best part, there is no heating problem.. :) 
Note:- Airtel 4G sim free, ultimatly it is wonderful buy. Dont have a second thought if you are looking for smartphone with 10K budget. 
Flipkart:- Service was awsome, I got it within two days, Lovely... !! 
 Everyone knows the Lenovo K3 Note has great specs for a low price and that it performs phenomenally well in sythetic bechmark tests. Those are the things we look at before buying a phone. But none of those things matter beyond the first day with the phone. After that it boils down to certain basic abilities where not every phone performs like promised. 
I've been using the K3 Note bought from Flipkart on July8th (First flash sale) for 6 days now. And here are my observations: 
1. The phone is unbelievably light in weight. For a 5.5 inch phone this doesn't even feel as heavy as an old nokia. It feels quite like a big feather. 
2. The screen on this phone is very bright and vivid. I particularly thought the sunlight lgibility at roughly 60% brightness was pretty good. The 1080p resolution definitely gives it the edge over the competition. The added pixels don't make a difference to games, but they make a difference on apps and websites. It comes with a scratch guard in the box,but you'll have to get it installed on your own. 
3. This touch capacitive buttons at the bottom do not light up. That's a big con for me. I made the transition from a Xiaomi Redmi Note and I must say this shortcoming in the K3 Note was a big disappointment. 
4. Some games like Zombie Highway 2 and Dead Space etc are showing compatibility issues. They're not rendering properly. They're not rendering key elements. Game play speed and experience though is top notch on every game out there. 
5. Out of the box, it has 7.5 GB free from the 16GB internal storage. Which is definitely not a lot, considering my 8GB redmi note gave me 6.31 GB free on first boot. You can change the default write disk to the sd card, but that renders all apps installed on the internal memory unusable. There is no provision to move installed applications to SD card. (I'll test more about this and update the review) 
6. The 13mp camera on this device is a mixed bag. It clicks very bright, clear and vivid photos. But I believe it ends up doing too much post processing on them. On the phone screen they look great. But when you zoom into 100% you can see the details look a bit washed out. also the camera app doesn't allow you to change the resolution too much. There should've been more options than to just switch between 16:9 and 4:3 resolutions. The front facing 5mp camera is just average. The 1080p videos though looked great with loud sound. 
7. The battery is definitely not a patch on the Redmi Note. My phone is consistently losing 60% battery from 10 am to 3.30 pm everyday. This is with 45-60 mins of gaming. Continous whatsapp, facebook, twitter and web browsing. 2.5 hours on Wifi and 3 hours on 3G 
8. The main speaker is definitely not upto the mark. My ringtones and notification tones sound shallow and clunky. It's loud enough, but it just makes everything sound like it's playing in an empty can. The onboard - Dolby Atmos feature makes music on the earphones sound good. But it does no favours for anything being played on the external speaker. 
9. The 3G and Wifi connectivity speeds are much better than the Redmi Note. The connection on my wifi especialy is a lot stronger and faster than even my Samsung Note Tab. 
 Lenovo K3 Note comes with latest Android OS, v5.0(Lollipop).
It presents 5.5 inch display with IPS Capacitive touchscreen and Multiple touch feature 
Its screen has an excellent pixel density of 401 ppi.
It is mechanized with Octa-core 1.7 GHz Cortex-A53 processor and loaded by Mediatek MT6752 chipset.
It comes with 2GB RAM.
Provides inbuilt memory storage of 16 GB and expandable memory via microSD, upto 32 GB.
Supports Rear camera of 13 MP & 5 MP Front facing camera and with additional features like autofocus, dual-LED (dual tone) flash, Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama.but primary cam is satisfactory and secondary cam is fine. 
It has sharp video recording of 1080p which helps to record HD videos.
Connectives like bluetooth, Wifi, GPS, 3G, 4G and USB supports here.
It has an Amazing Battery Capacity of 2900 mAh(they said it will be 3000 mAh,whisch was a false advertising) which never make your drain earlier.
Supports sensors like Accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass
The design looks slim, and looks pretty attractive.
Performance is superb with no lags
it also supports otg and full hd movies look very nice in the 5.5 inch screen. 
Cons
no ceramic speakers installed
it gets hot during charging and playing games.. if the camera is on for a minute the back gets heated up.
Vibe UI 2.5 is not very ram hungry but it looks very cartoonish. 
no gorilla glass and backlit buttons. even cheaper phonescompared to k3 note have backlit buttons
but its a nice phone at this price range.. go for it you will not regret..   
 Got my handset yesterday. I was lucky enough to grab this product in the first flash sale. It's an awesome phone with great features and that too at low price.I actually got more than what I paid. Hat's off to lenovo. You guys are doing great. This phone has almost the same features of a 20 grand cost phone.
13 mp rear cam, 5 mp front cam, 2 gb ram, 4g, Octa core processor, likewise it goes. I am not regular phone changer.As of now I don't even have to think of changing my phone for a couple of years because this phone has the most advanced features including 4g access, high pixel cameras, Octa core processor etc. Those who failed to grab this phone in the first flash sale, don't get disappointed. Register now itself to grab this phone as soon as possible. 
 Awsum phone, the name killer note perfectly suits it.
Lenovo has done a great job, the heating issue has been quit resoved, does not heat up as its previous devices,
Pros-
* Great Looks, a metal finish would have been better but cant expect in this price range.
* Light weight, slim.
* Battery backup is good.
* Screen clarity is too good.
* Camer is good takes neat pictures, those who are commenting on camera quality need to understand that it can do a job of DSLR, again considering its price it is among one of the best you can get.
*Network reception is good.
*Audio is great
*Fast charging, it hardly take 100 mins to get fully charged
One thing which I liked the most about this device that it show how much time would it take to get charged fully, its shows this in actual hours and minutes.
*Does not lag or hang, atleast it has not in last 4 days i have used. 
cons-
Dont have much yet an earphone with the device would have been better.  
 I will not discuss the specs here, as you might already knowing the great specs for this phone. I will share my own experience with this phone,  
1. Before buying I was worried about 3 things, 
 *No gorilla glass 
 *32 GB max card support 
 *Bloatware preinstalled  
 But they blown my mind with,  
 *Free screen protector in the box 
 *It can support 64 GB without any glitch I tried sandisk 64 GB 
 *Less bloatware specially no DU booster and other unnecessary apps  
2. Phone comes with little surprises which is not mentioned as selling point but budget devices rarely include this like, 
*Both sim support 4G,3G, 2G wow 
*Multicolour notification light 
*System update available already ( 17 mb fix only ) 
*Ultra power saver is awesome software feature 
*Double tap to walk 
*Fast charge
*Gesture support 
*For notification pull down you don't need to start from top edge 
*Build quality is above expected 
*Texture on buttons feels premium 
*Asphault preinstalled ( Game data is not ) 
*Easy to fit in jeans 
*Dual ( single tone) led flash 
*Trustworthy brand 
3. Some glitches are, 
*I saw a force close on my first and second boot but never after the system update 
*USB cable provided does not fit well to phone( and to other devices as well so phone's USB port is OK ) 
*Its very light but not the lightest I have ever seen. ( after watching reviews my mindset was like "light as paper" but ya some weight is good for grip, so no complaints here ) 
*I have seen better Camera phones than this one in same or below price
*No earpiece ( It's better to have no earpiece than bad quality garbage ) 
*After 2 days and 150+ apps installed I saw some lag only during opening Games (Spiderman and Dr. Driving) but no lag for templerun 2. 
 i got mobile today morning.All features are good.
Little bit hanging.
battery is ok. little bit heating issue is there.
overall good mobile under 10k with full hd. 
mainly i purchased this mobile for Full HD screen and 13mp cam under 10k 
 pros:
screen quality like super amoled
very fast 
worth buy 
cons
cant play heavy games like asalpht8 mortal combat 5, gets heated up crazily
Can zoom vey little on pics
takes 3.5 hrs to charge from 0-100%  
 Very gd phn..
very smoth n fast. almost no lag. but the primary camera could have been better with more clarity n Details.
Battery is gd bt fast charging should have been implemented to make it a smarter phone. 
 1.Touch is amazing and Very smooth.
2.Weight less.Feel like there is no battery.
3.Good battery backup.
4.Camera quality is so good(front cam is better than back cam)
5.No heating problem.
6.Wonderful sound experience.
7.Looking of phone is so pretty. 
Overall the mobile is very very good thanks to lenovo. 
con:They take more ram Usage for inbuilt apps. 
 Surely it is a good phone under 10k but it also has heating issues. 
Cons: 
*takes too much time for charging.
*battery drains 10% per 45 mins even if you use "BATTERY SAVING MODE".
*AFTER 50% BATTERY IT IS A SPEEDY DROP TO 15%.
*CAMERA is not that great in low light situations. 
PROS:
IT IS UNDER 10K. 
VERDICT: BUY it if you are not a GAME FREAK.
GOOD FOR NORMAL USAGE,BROWSING,LISTENING TO MUSIC,WATCHING MOVIES.  
 pros :
i used it for 8 hours and it didn't hang or heat up even once,
superb clarity,
superb speed
the camera is good .  
cons
none 
suggestion
could have included gorilla glass and back-lit the menu button  
 Brilliant phone at the given price,light weight,very smooth, no lag issues, no heating issues,delivered in just 3 days.Killer specs at the given price... 
 I bought this phone two days ago with Flipkart's prompt service and I am happy to get it. With 5.5 display size still phone is handy and lightweight. With such a high resolution and 441 ppi watching videos and images is a treat. Camera is good and provides just what you need. Speed and performance is great, downloaded the upgrades within few seconds after receiving it and phone was ready to use next minute. Battery life is good enough for couple of days of regular usage and playing games and watching some videos. 
Nothing more I can expect at this price range. Its indeed #KillerNote! 
 I have purchased Lenovo K3 note from flipkart on 26.08.2015 through flash sale. Flipkart offered 10 percent cash back if purchased through SBI Debit card. But I did not get this money as they told it is only applicable to mobile App.(but not mentioned in their ad. or product page) I was denied as I made the order through my system. 
After 45 days of mobile usage I experienced some problem with the loud speaker of the phone which produces only noise so I handed over the phone on 26.11.2015 to a nearby service center ( at Cuddalore - about 50 kms from my residence). Till date (10.01.2016) I could not get back my phone repaired. Several trips to the service center and mails to lenovo did not have any use. 
After selling Flipkart's responsibility is over just they show hands towards the OEM and the manufacturer never consider us. This is the reality, so friends never go for products of Lenovo that too through online and never attracted by flash or billion day sales.Money is our's only if it is in our pocket.
 I wish to add one more thing Lenovo K3 note has the maximum SAR (radiation level) value of 1.590 (maximum permissible in India is 1.6) which is harmful for health. 
 Phone truly deserves "Cheap China Stamp"
As a user one wants performance irrespective of paper specs.
Octa Core Chipset and 2GB RAM are nonsense when this phone cant even deliver basic capabilities and a smooth trouble free experience.
Phone hangs for fraction of seconds while using basic texting and whats app which is irritating.
Lenovo after sales is a waste of time.Contact nos.& email address printed on phone's box are no longer in use.On social media and their helpline 180030007678 Lenovo's response is discouraging.
Flipkart can't help either.
They declined handset's replacement request after remote examining the phone and suggested to force stop running apps to free up memory.
Touch lags happen because out of 2GB RAM, 1GB itself is consumed by phone's UI and remaining memory is insufficient to manage apps and other basic operations. 
Won't recommend readers to buy Lenovo K3 Note. 
Only pros in this phone are awesome FHD screen resolution and introduction of Dolby Atmos equalizer which is a boon to multimedia experience. 
 Cannot compare with any other mobile phones.
Faster smoother and cheaper
A new revolutionary phone for the newer generation 
 High SAR
Over Heating
I not not expect like this
now I this i need to use like iron to press my shirts
bad bad bad....................... 
 Order ID : OD203320324341272600 
Product : Lenovo K3 Note
Cheaters....Flipkart you cheated
me...Yesterday your courier partner delivered my
product at my residence....After opening the box, I was completely
shocked.....because inside the Flipkart box(which was well
packed)....Lenovo product box was also there....but inside the Lenovo
product box....there is nothing.....just an empty product box...one soap
weighing approximately 100gm....n a few pieces of newspapers(the Flipkart
box was well packed) so I can't blame or point out at the courier.....but
it is you.....Flipkart... You are the main culprit here....you took the
phone and in place of mobile you placed those things....This is my
first & last purchase from Flipkart...what a horrible experience you have
given me....& I'll make sure none of my relatives & friends will buy a
single thing from your store....I don't want any replacement for that
product, I want my cash back in my bank account as early as possible 
 I bought Lenovo K3 on first flash sale.Received the next day but it is heating like hell. I can iron my clothes with this heat.When i use normally the battery temperature is rising to 41% in description but it is like 55 degrees. 
 The proximity sensor is also behaving weired when the device is over heated and makes screen blank even if the phone is not at ear.
 The ear speaker during calls is like a hot iron box touching suddenly to your ear. I cant even speak a call for two mins continuously. 
 I called Flipkart service and asked for return and exchange me with new device that is in good condition.The service people asked me to check battery temperature during idle time and it was 39degrees but still felt like above 50 degrees. I have explained about all the problems and proximity sensor issues. But still they rejected my return request as they are saying temp below 45 degrees is not a problem. 
 They are asking me to go for lenovo Service Center and check there but i just bought it 3 days ago and you cant trust customer words and you people wanted me to go to Lenovo Service center. 
 Over all worst heating issues and i cant even use this phone for ten minutes. I want to return this and want a same new working phone. Flipkart if you wanted to buy more phones or electronics from you please trust customer complaints and respond positively and dont deny our problems. 
 Mobile looks very good. back side panel very thin you have to remove the back panel very carefully and volume buttons and power off buttons not attached to phone, its attached on back panel. Today only i come to know chipset is not good. 
 My trust on flpkart has shaken after buying this. lot of heating issues and battery takes 5hrs to completely charge, n once charged the btry goes down within minutes....jus think hours to charge n only a few mins the battery is already dead. M damn pissed and the return is pathetic in FLIPKART. Will nvr prefer to buy online (on flipkart) again. Its only 2 weeks nd the CC dept is hopeless.. Don REGRET ppl , jus don buy this piece of shit from FlipKart. 
 I bought this phone from Flipkart twice but, got big issue like phone hang, heating, Even phone not proper working. I recommended to all people don't buy this phone because this is the worst phone I sow in my entire life. 
 Please donot purchase Lenovo K3 Note, as this is a dumb phone launched by Lenovo, I had worst experience during last 1 month of use. It heatup within few seconds, hanging problem is there. No Battery back. Better to go for any phone instead of Lenovo K3 Note.
I am giving +1 star because there is no negative star option is there. 
 I have been using Lenovo k3 Note for the last two weeks and now it is time to comment.
I had made this purchase only after verifying reviews, naturally the negatives first.
Still decided to continue on its specifications as well as on positive reviews for they were more more than in counts. 
Excellent for the price, that is Lenovo K3 Note. 
Any complaints mentioned here by others are for either they got a defective item or their expectations are too high ignoring that this is only a mobile phone in its price range. Better go for a laptop or PC 
I don't feel the abnormal heating, i don't feel the battery discharging fast. i don't feel the camera is bad as i never compare with professional stand alone camera quality. 
All because I am an average mobile user of calls, message, videos, even movies, games, photography and other apps. 
So far an OK product. 
Folks, go for it, you wont feel lost. 
 3 star one for the phone of overall performance average camera,average battery,everythng is average and zero star for the flipkart for their worstest service and return policy. 
 Not suitable for calling .But can used as heating machine and will give ear pain. 
battery drain out very quickly. 
not suitable for in built video calling. 
camera quality very poor. 
 just got this phone yesterday. there has been so much hype about it; like it happens with many things.. guess it is again a marketing gimmick. 
'JAYAKRISHNAN K J' review about this is spot on. But want to add another point on the earphones. This phone has a standard 3.5 mm jack and note that the earphones are not supplied with the package. So i used the earphones of my old phones samsung and karboon (both 3.5 mm) but those couldn't fit into Lenovo K3 500. They have not only not supplied the earphones but it seems they haven't tested this thing before rolling the product out. The earphones hangs into the slot with difficulty and even the slightest movement of the phone will disconnect them. It is so bad that while sitting on without moving at the same place if I just plug the earphones and then try to move the phone by even an inch it just disconnects.
and remember no FM can operate without the speakers (it acts as an antenna).  
Besides all the SAR thing that is dangerous to health (as mentioned by 'JAYAKRISHNAN K J' in his review) the 2900 mah battery also seems to be weak. i have just being using this phone for about 90 minutes for intermittent listening to music, browsing, and bluethooth transfer with data connection on and the battery is already at 88 % from a full charge of 100%. 
more reviews on it after i use this product for few more days. 
but for now i wonder how gsmarena, smartprix, ndtv, indiatimes and all those review websites miss these things. 
Better to buy some other piece. 
 LENOVO FOR THOSE WHO DO: 
MY EXPERIENCE: 
i had oredred on 29th july..received on 2nd aug(sunday) 
First of all packaging is gud as always by flipkart. 
BUILD QUALITY and DESIGN: -The best u can get in 10,000..The back panel is matte finished,, easy to hold..looks very stylish.. 
DISPLAY: -The FHD display with 5.5 inch screen is awsum to watch videos or movies.... 
CAMERA: -The picture quality is above average but not what u expect from a 13 mp camera.Front cam is also ok for selfies. 
PERFORMANCE:- 2 GB RAM with octa-core processor clocked at 1.7GHZ frequency is more than enough for multitasking..The speed of opening an app is faster than other devices available at this price range.
 BENCHMARK SCORES: -Antutu scores=46105
 - Geekbench score:single core=890
 - multicore=4152
 -both of the above score beats any other device at this price. 
BATTERY: 2900mah battery .i got screen time upto 4 hours and 45mints .
 - it lasts long for more than 1 day for me 
 - charging time is little more i.e. 2 and 35 mins to get fully charged. 
HEAT ISSUE:- NO HEATING ISSUE IN THIS DEVICE
 -normal temp is around 32 c
 -when playing games(not high graphics) the max temp is 38-39
 - for wifi...max temp is 39 c also
 -this much of heat is normal for any smartphones 
if u want to buy on next sale then go for it without any hesitation...i m just luving it... 
 Bought it in first flash sale and using it from 10th of july. Following are some common pros and cons of the phone: 
Display- 8.5/10 -Crisp clear display with good color reproduction, viewing angles are ok not so great as there are a bit color shift with changing angle, good brightness, great display but without any protection. 
CPU/GPU- 7/10 -Performance is smooth, multitasking is great, a little bit of lag in UI here and there, but GPU is just above average, Often, Subway surfers start lagging after playing for sometime. 
Camera- 6.5/10 -Front camera is just satisfactory, rear camera is above average. but both are very good at this price. 
Heating Issue- 7/10 -Yes it's getting warm after some use, and produce some more heat during gaming or doing heavy task near camera but, device is managable. So, thats not a matter for me, even my iphone 5s gets heated. 
RAM- 5/10 - Very poor Ram Management, at first boot you will get 1 GB free RAM but after installing a few applications you can never get 1gb free RAM. In my device a maximum of 800mb ram available after boost, 
Sound - 7.5/10 - Sound through speaker is not so loud but is of good quality, experience dolby sound with branded headphones. 
Battery -5/10 - Average! If you are a gamer, then your phone is going to shut down in 2 hours if fully charged. normal games can be played upto 3hrs. On 3G, battery will die in 5 hours. On 2G, its 6.5 hours... in aeroplane mode you can watch HD videos upto 7hrs. for calling and minimal net usage, battery can lasts upto 12 hrs if you swith data off when not needed and screen brightness should be 
 The Phone has very less camera clarity when compared with other like lenovo 6000 plus .dont go with this.this is worst phone which i used and sound clearlity also not good its crack voice while listing sound . I thing it is good mobile but my thing change when i used this mobile filpkart making fool to all customer .
Cons (-) :
1. Only 891GB of RAM is remaining out of 2GB.
2. Front camera quality not so great as i would expect.
3. 3000mAh battery not sufficient for the phone, battery drains fast.its only 2900mAh battery
4. Charging time is high its take 4 hours to charge complete
5.bad quality battery fast drain use WiFi 
6.The most worst thing is Heavy radiation 
 K3 NOE LACKS GOODS CAMERA QUALITY. AS LENOVO SAID IT HAS 13 MP REAR & 5 MP FRONT CAMERAS BUT IT WORKS LIKE 8MP & 2MP RESPECTIVELY. HEATING ISSUES WITH THIS MOBILE . IT HEATES UP WHILE BROWSING INTERNET & GAMING WITHIN 5 MINUTES. IIT IS NOT A GOOD PURCHASE ALTOGETHER. BATTERY IS GOOD . 
 Have anyone receive the phone with earphone, just now i have receive the phone, but without Earphone, i have done the enquiry at flipkar, customer care, they said lenovo doesn't sale phone with earphone.
i dont know if this information is correct or not, my freind bought A7000, with earphone.  
 i have now used the k3 note for about a week now. the phone performs average. guys there is one issue with this device it heats up near the ear peice during calls which are longer than 2 minutes. the SAR is very high for the device and I have started feeling the heat
the ambient light sensor is also faulty as it inconsistently dims the screen the screen to very low brightness 
if any one else is facing similar issue please update 
 Quick delivery from Flipkart and WS retail, thanks for that!
Initially observed slight heating near ear piece and front camera but after firmware update it appears to be gone. 
Seems like i am facing problem with network signal reception, i am using Airtel and though signal showing full bars call gets dropped abruptly and signal goes down to 1 or 2 bars. Not sure if this is the problem with airtel or mobile's signal receptor. I am going to change the provider to vodafone and then check again but meanwhile did someone else also faced this issue?  
Some blog mentioned that Lenovo A & K series is known for bad network signal reception. 
Rating 2 for now, will change it after trying out vodafone service. 
 such a beautiful phone in this cost... performance is awazem.. camera is giving very good beautiful images.... 
 Awesome phone
Excellent Mobile, Totally Flawless Processing.
Best Things Are - 
1. Excellent Display
2. Superb Camera(Both Front And Back)
3. Flawless Performance
4. Amazing Battery Backup
5. Dual Sim 
6. 16GB &32Expn 
 This phone is awesome. If a person wants good entry level smartphone(but it doesnt look entry level hehehe) . this is it ! no need to search any further . I have been using smartphone for last 6 yr. all i can say, you need a good brand phone moreover you need a brand whose service centers are easily available. N i can bet you wont have problems with lenovo. the specs this beast provides, what else do u want.(For me software n hardware must combine in good way) it doesnt have gorilla glasses still you would have put a screengd anyways even if you had gorilla glass.(GORILLA GLASSES is not a deal breaker) Camera quality is good ( its on cooler side ) n the touch is very responsive . But i faced a problem in removing the battery ( I had to use a knife for it o.O) lenovo please dont smack my warranty ! . This might be a problem in my phone . For this reason i m giving it 4 star. Or else undoubtedly i would have given it 5 Star ! 
Peace ! Flipkart your delivery is awesome ! well done :)  
 The features are already known. I can just confirm that they are all very much there and I am loving this phone. At this price, I do not think there is a better piece in the market as of now. Don't think much.. Just try to grab this in the next sale! 
 Cons: 
1. WLAN disconnects (Times Out) very frequently . Have to raise a Query with Lenovo on this issue.  
Pros: 
1. Fabulous Display , Audio and Video Quality are Wonderful. 
2. Light Weight. 
3. Performance is top notch 
4. UI blows me away . 
I would recommend this mobile to everyone except for this WLAN issue. 
 Amazing phone with all specifications.
It is the best in this range. 
Only draw back is not providing headset with the phone. 
 Dear Friends,
 Just I want share some information what I have faced about flipkart recently.I and my friends bought a Lenovo K3 note mobile.WIFI is not connected with these mobiles and sometimes you have switch on mobile very difficult . 
For these problems we are called a flipkart continuosly they are not responding properly,still we are facing the same issue problem has not been solved. 
How flipkart is thinking if anything you want buy,you should know English or Hindi otherwise your problem will not resolve.We have roame to service centers and waste of our time.Is this kind of service customers are expecting. 
Just example I am telling how all the people knows the Hindi or English? 
My kind suggession is dont buy anything in flipkart.Everybody is thinking very good service our money will not go anywhere but If you face the problem then only you know the service of flipkart.   
 very good i used all factions nice but one sound Qulity is not very mutch othear than it is ok
battery back up is poor 
 I have received phone in time from Flipkart. I feel about this phone is not value for money.
Because : 
1.This phone has a Sever Heating Problem during gaming, internet surfing and even calling.
2. Camera Quality is very Ordinary.
3. Ram is already full 1.4gb and shows free 600-700mb 
4. during working on phone its function stops and it comes in home menu.  
 I was one of those 47K lucky people who managed to get a hand on the piece. Thanks to Flipkart, they delivered at noon the very next day, as I had ordered it with one-day delivery. I have been using this phone since 3 days & here is my review. 
Pros:
* Performance is super-awesome as it comes with 2GB RAM & 16GB internal storage.
* Response time is pretty impressive, even for heavy apps. It's fast; thanks to the processor!
* Very slim handset.
* Vibe UI is okay with me.
* Tried a pre-installed game, it was smooth experience.
The rest of the specifications serve what they should.
* Cameras are lovely.  
Notable cons:
* The kind of hype that was created in my mind having waited for so long & having read the glorious specifications at 10K, it is slightly below the mark.
* I didn't really get the feel of 2900 mAh battery initially. Doesn't last the whole day after heavy usage even on 2G. USB charging is ridiculously slow.:(
* It came with lot of apps pre-installed, but you have to update them anyways.
* No music player pre-installed, had to get one from play store.
* Protection to screen is highly recommended, thank God I already had bought tempered glass for the same model, that saved my screen last night. It comes with a screen guard, but I went for tempered glass. 
Overall, it is a must have phone :D; because whatever it offers at 10K INR, is already too much, so ignore/tackle the negative points. Go for it. 
 1. camera is shit it should have been 0.13 VGA & 0.5 VGA if such worst quality products are sold by flipkart i think flipkart and Lenovo should count down there lastday.
2. Phone gets lot of heating with even normal use.
3. Battery drains very fast even without sim also and open bloofing by Lenovo and flipkart
4. Flipkart deliviery is super got delevierd with in 24hours Hats ooff to them excellent service. 
 I was supposed to get the SIM card as part of the offer but I couldn't find it in the box. Very frustrated as this was supposed to be a gift and I had chosen one day shipping. The product is great, very light weight, snappy and responsive. But, I'm unhappy with the packaging and will have to give a single star rating. Will edit this once Flipkart resolves my issue. 
 Deeply regretted after buying this product.. 
Pros - 
1) As they said it's 5.5 inches screen, but not others
2) Dolby digital - I agree the sound is good. 
Cons - 
1) GUI of the android 5.0 sucks, it not even matches the 4.4.4 OS of the Honor 4x
2) Camera both rear and front camera quality is like shit
3) No head set with the package  
 I too have purchased the K3 NOTE and got the delivery on 10th july in the morning.I will give reviews after fifteen days. 
But I don't understand how certified buyers gave reviews on K3 note on 8th july when its sale just started on 8th july at 03:00 pm.We all know the specifications so don't repeat the same on the comment section.Please share your experience with the gadget after using them for some time.
My one star goes for these reviews.More star will come after using the note. 
 I have purchase first time mobile from flipkart.
Performance of Lenovo K3 note is very bad.
Mobile getting hanged while operarating appilcation.
Battery getting low without use of mobile.
heating issue.Phone gets heated up within 2m while playing game and we are not getting ear phones along with the phone. Think before buying.
I placed return request their assistant told me submit this mobile to service centre. we are not responsible any kind of heating issue in the product . So don'T purchase this product. 
 Dear All, 
battery is only 3000 mah for the sake of writing but its not more than 1500 mah doesnt last last till evening . Pathetic 
Pathetic 
Pathetic 
Will return this piece 
 It downloading speed is fantastic and net surffing and gaming is outstanding 
 Hi,
I have purchased recently. But it heats like a iron box, within 5min.
And customer care confirmed that battary issue, thru after checking their smartcheck s/w.
No replacement. and they have initiated only the refund. 
 Hi,
I Bought a Lenovo K3, Initially phone worked good. after a week time Temperature suddenly raised upto 42C. It is Very bad like this happen while the phone not even in charging point.  
 Please don't go by the specification my Motog 1st Gen is far most better than this.
1. Camera quality is very very Poor
2. Batter Life is too worst
3. Heating problem
4. Some times if you turned on the Data connection it wont earlier I faced the similar problem with the wifi and then it got resolved. 
Still am not convinced with the battery problem and heating issue, I checked with the customer care and I got a beautiful answer from them for the heating issue, if it goes more than 48 degree then only they will consider as a heat issue, I cant keep the phone in my ear if it reaches 36 to 38 degree, I never ever felt such kind of heat in my previous mobile, Am really felling that why i have wasted 10K for a china phone. As its advertised yes it a killer for those who purchased this mobile.... :-)) Rating one is too high for this I didn't find anything low to that so am giving 1 Star. 
 I purchased 2 mobiles at a time (lenova K3 note) 2 months back. But, unfortunately both are having problems. one is having battery problem.suddenly stopped working and other phone is having touch screen problem.To rectify & replace under warranty they are taking 15 days time. Servicis poor. Quality of the product is not as expected, 
 Flipkart is not at all bothered for there customer satisfaction they are just abt to make money the phone i buyed from flipkart is not at all good LENOVO K3 NOTE its hanging a lot and also its dialer is not displaying we have complained about the same but flipkart is not bothered at all they just connected to technical team which is of no use and atlast they stated that they cant change or refund the amt or product.
flipcart is having really bad service so as there sellers too 
 I ordered this device on its first flash sale itself, so I am using this phone over a month now. This is what I have to say: 
1) The phone is slim, light weight and stylish.  
2) The main attraction of the phone, the FHD display, is vibrant and beautiful as expected.  
3) The device is smooth and lag free, I haven't faced any software issues till now. Multi tasking is not a thing to worry about with my phone. It is working really well. The one thing which I should mention here is that the free RAM available most of the time: out of 2 GB only around 600 MB is shown free. I uninstalled most of the pre installed apps and I haven't installed any heavy apps in my phone. In fact I have installed only 11 extra apps in my device other than the inbuilt apps. Talking about the pre loaded apps, you can uninstall most of them on your choice which I thought is really nice. BUT, recently I found out that those apps were never completely gone from the device, when you switch to another user you will see all those apps again. So I guess this is what is meant by 'Bloatwares'.  
4) I like the Vibe UI. It is simple and user friendly. The one thing I didn't like was that the theme center had only a limited number of themes, but there is an option to export themes from the memory card. In the last software update they added 2 more themes and 4 more wall papers, which is nice. I hope there will be regular software updates like this in the future also.  
5) Both the cameras are good. When I say good, it means I am satisfied with it. I don't have any previous smartphone experience since this is my first smartphone and hence I can't compare the cameras with that of any other devices. But after using it over month I can definitely say that the quality of both the front and back cameras are really good.  
6) Unlike most of the 4G dual sim devices, this phone supports 4G in both the sims. So you don't need to swap the sims occasionally. (But, at present this is not a big advantage because of the limited number of 4G network providers.)  
7) About battery backup: I am a moderate user, who plays games occasionally. For me the phone easily lasts one full day after a full charge, with wifi switched on for more than 1 and a half hours a day. I use Facebook, FB Messenger and Whatsapp frequently and occasionally watch Youtube videos. I am definitely satisfied with the battery of the device. But please note that if you are a heavy user, you might not get back up for one full day. After all, the backup you get depends on how much you use your phone. Simply put: the battery of Lenovo K3 Note does it's job decently.
It takes about 2 and a half hours (at max 2 hours 40 minutes) to fully charge the device (from 0% to 100%).  
8) Now, about the issue most of the smartphone users worry about: Heating.
I say there is no "Heating" issue in my phone. The phone indeed "warms up" after a considerable time of use. Please note that I used "warm" and not "heat"! All the smart phones nowadays warm up if you use it for a reasonable time/multi task heavily/play games for a long time. My Lenovo K3 Note also warms up if I Multitask heavily/play games for a considerable time, by saying 'considerable time', I mean about 15-20 minutes. But I can't say it is heating up, since it never becomes uncomfortable. As I said before, since I don't have any other previous smartphone experience, I can't compare this with that of any other devices. But in absolute terms I find this natural and OK. And the best thing is that this "warming up" happens only when I multitask heavily/watch videos from Youtube/playing games. When I just use Whatsapp/Facebook/Messenger or use the mobile casually there is no issue at all + the phone doesn't heat up while charging + doesn't heat up while talking over a phone call.  
9) SAR value: Something which has nothing to worry about. Many people are worried about the high SAR values of K3 Note. I was also puzzled about it. But after watching the review of this product by 'Geekyranjit' on Youtube, I came to know about the truth behind this high 1.59/1.60 value. The SAR rating of K3 Note consists of all the radio frequencies like wi-fi, FM, Bluetooth etc. Also the SAR rating of K3 Note is measured on American scale rather than European Union scale. American scale always gives higher SAR values. Some companies give SAR rating on EU scale. Also, many manufacturers give SAR rating for voice calles only. The SAR rating of K3 Note for voice calls is 0.641kg (This is for 2G calls and if you are on 3G the SAR value is infact a lot lower). So, I will suggest you not to worry about SAR rating and compare other aspects.  
Hence I say, overall this is a great device at a price, 9999 INR.
I hope this helps. :) 
 when i am in call phone was heating 
lock butten also not working 
plzzz dont buy this phone . 
 1. All sensors
2. HD 1080 Display
3. 2Gb RAM
4. Good Battery Backup
5. Much Clear images by 13mp camera 
---- 
 I feel it is a much hyped product by the seller and the manufacturer. It does not come along with the ear phones and ceramic speakers. Soo ear phones is an additional cost to the pocket. Ceramic speakers is yet to be launched. Soo it doesnt make any sense to include this feature in the phone. Display settings are quite ordinary.. Nothing seems to be that great. No Choose of fonts, Not much variety in visuals. Speaker output is low. Not upto expectations. FM radio is the pathetic one. It doesnt give the desired output at any destination in the city. Sound quality is pain to ear drums after some tracks. Ordinary Media Player (Google). The Phone gets hot within the usage of couple of minutes.. I would like to return this phone and get my money back. I hope my feedback reaches to right people and i get some help. 
 I m not getting whole ram to used, as per the specified company features.
not even single app is not working on my device along with play store also not installed & not working.The device is also getting over heated. Sim card error for sim 2 slot. 
 This is a very poor quality handset and is not at all worth 10K to purchase.This is just a rebranded typical chinese phone which needs to be thrown inta a dustbin.After purchasing the handset it refuses to connect to internet on wifi and when we contacted the flipkart care they did not responded to our complaint.I also called them multiple times but they suggested us to go to service centre.I am heavily disappointed and also planning to move to consumer court. 
 i ordered this phone couple of week ago and using this product.it has got many features but i have got a problem in this.its wifi and hotspot is not working.other devices are not able to connect through wifi. 
 The Lenovo K3 Note is a perfect example of the new trend where smartphones can be priced at very competitive prices and yet give even higher end handsets a run for their money. At Rs. 9,999 
 Who said its camera is ok ok.... not good...... gives blur pictures...... well according to me.. the clarity given by the camera of K3 note is just mindblowing. The way it captures the pic is just awesome. Now about design... I really have to say.. SO LIGHT AND STYLISH.... yes camera is bit small which makes it look like it is having only 5mp camera.... but dont go on it... just buy this phone and you will be surprised by its awesome functions. Dolby sound..... COOL!!!! So just grab this deal and dont let this go from your hand!!!!!!!! I am sure.. you all will love it too!!!!! ^_~ 
 Just want to say Wow what a phone..
Great service by flipkart as always and WS retail..
Lets go through some important things that i found till now. 
> In spite of having such a big size it is super light on weight.
> Lots of option to customize phone.
> Battery backup drains faster than expected from 2900 battery on heavy usage it is decent but not upto the mark as expected from 2900 battery. 
> Best display to watch HD movies, quality of picture is similar to high end sony phones.
> No heat up even while playing games and processor support lots of app at same time smoothly.
> Camera works very well especially front cam. Rear cam can be better in low light but as said chalta hai its more than what imagined from phone at 10k.
> Gaming goes well without lag like subway surfer but when its comes to online gaming or highend games like modern combat 5 it lags which is quite annoying no heating issues.
> 2nd sim supports only 2g which can be better.
> k3 Scores 42000 to 45000 most of time on antutu but sometimes i get 35000 dont know the reason why when company claimed that it will be more than 45k..
>Gorilla Glass is missing but still screen is pretty tough.
>What is show stopper in this phone is its dolby digital sound what a clarity especially 3D effect on headphones.  
>One thing am confused about this phone and what i found is that i compared k3 note what we got here in India and k3 note from singapore and i found that both model numbers are different what we get here is k50a40 and other was k50T5 and i found that k50T5 was smoother in multitasking and gaming and also antutu score between 46k to 46.5 I don't know whats that thing between both which made the differrence but that what i got.  
>One star less because such a bigger company haven't provided earphone , for lag on highend games inspite of 2gb ram,for battery backup as expected from 2900 and for not providing 3g on second slot .  
> And one request to flipkart please make Yellow back case with ceramic speaker available in India as seen on k3 note teana version.. Eager to buy it.. It will be great hit. 
 Bought this awesome phablet. Using it since last 8 days. Really feeling like using a 25 k phone. Those who are spreading fake reviews are totally mad & people's without brain. 
I truly say go blindly for this awesome phablet.  
Review
1. Outstanding FHD Screen
2. Awesome Look & Built
3. Mind blowing camera pics (as per my use)
4. GREAT Battery Backup (10 to 12 hrs Moderate Uses) Love's Standby Time upto 3 & half days on 3G
5. Super RAM with no lag as I played asphalt 8 continuously for 2 hrs 
Really Hats off to Lenovo.
Thank You Flipkart too for quick delivery. 
 FOR THE LAST 7 DAYS I HAVE BEEN USING THIS PHONE .BEFORE GOING TO MY DETAILED REVIEW I READ SOME REVIEWS THAT ITS HEADPHONE JACKET IS NOT FIT FOR HEAD PHONES ( IT IS LOOSE ) PLEASE NOTE THAT WE HAVE TO PRESS A BIT HARD SO THAT WE CAN HEAR A CLIPPING SOUND . HERE IS MY REVIEW  
PERFORMANCE: (GOOD) I.7 GHZ 8 CORE PROCESSOR IS FAST AND MULTITASKING WORKS FINE . BUT WE CAN SEE SOME LAGS WHILE BROWSING IN GOOGLE CHROME I DON'T KNOW WHY THIS HAPPENS I FIND LAG ONLY WHILE USING GOOGLE CHROME BROWSER . 
BATTERY:(average) It has got 3000 mah battery , it lasts only for one day with normal use because it is full hd display and uses a 8 core processor it make the battery drain quickly as compared to other 3000 mah phones. 
GAMING:(not bad ) Gaming disappoints me . Because high end graphical games cannot be played fluently (like asphalt 8) there will be some lags and frames skips . I hope that it can be resolved through next update . I have also played games like NOVA 3 TempleRun, subwaysurfer, dead trigger etc this all works fine (some frame skips in nova) 
CAMERA: (Excellent) Camera quality is excellent but the default camera application is not that good it take time to open( download google camera or camera 360 or some other apps). 13 MP primary camera works perfectly in lighting condition but in low light area and artificial light area we have to make sure that phone is steady while capturing or else the photo will be blurred same for secondary camera also. 5MP secondary camera works pretty well we capture good quality selfies. But when we enable 'touch to take photo ' while capturing the image it goes dark . 
HEATING: I haven't find any heating issue . Yes it heats a little bit while playing games ( for me a max of 42 degree ) but it is not as high as compared with other phones . While playing games in the beginning it heats up but it goes on decreasing while playing the game (that's what i feel )  
SPEAKER: (GOOD) speaker is quite loud and clear. 
CALL :(Good) call quality is also good and clear . I haven't experienced an problem  
SAR VALUE : yes it is quite high but nothing to fear 1.6 is the maximum sar value allowed and below that it is safe (k3 note 1.59) . For long calls i recommend the use earphones not only for k3 note for all other phones because the actual impact of radiation from phones is not yet found (refer wikipedia or some other sites) 
OVERALL : LENOVO K3 IS A GOOD PHONE AND I RECOMMEND IT TO YOU GUYZ . IT HAS GOT ALL THE LATEST FEATURES AND HARDWARE SO EVEN THOUGH THE TECHNOLOGY GETS UPDATED I ASSURE YOU THAT THIS PHONE CAN BE USED FOR 2 YEARS WITHOUT LABELING IT AS AN OLD PHONE  
 MY RATING (3.75/5)   
 I bought this smartphone in first sale... must buy .....i m sure you will satisfied... i bought total 4 pieces .....2 received both are superb... antutu rank is 46320....yes there was camera problem.. but i solve it by changing aspect ratio 16:9 to 4:3....try it... solve it..... 
 Waited from march 2015 for this fone but ...... 
* Bad picture quality like 3-5 mp camera (front n blank )
* Any new app cannot be moved to sd card 
* Flipkart - truecaller-shareit - FB-whatsapp--preinstalled 
* Once 32gb card added memory usage will b left with 700 mb.
* Turn on the internet for 7-10 min fone gets heated.
* Speak on fone for 10 min fone gets heated . 
If you are ready to compromise with all this then u may buy it happily . 
 I bought the phone on first sale nd got the phon on friday.... well shipping is past as u expect from flipkart.... 
Now what else u want from K3 note its a damn cool phone with sexy looks with high end specification and HD display in Rs.9999/- only love it... 
Phone looks so premium, back cover is well designed with Matt look and moreover this phone is so light and easy to carry...., Tocuh is superb, Camera Quality is also good... 
Used the phone from 2 Days and i m just falling in love wid dis phone... 
4G LTe, 2GB Ram, 1.7 Octa Prcessor, HD 5.5 Display, Slim Phone nd lots of feature what else u want... 
First time using the Loenovo phone but let me tell u,, Lenovo nt disappoint me they made the Range Breaker Phone.... Five Star ***** for sure... 
 exchange your airtel mobile SIM for free with 4G sim provided with K3 note
SMS SIM from your existing airtel connection to 121
The 20 digit SIM number is available at the back of your new SIM card
Reply with 1 to confirm your request
Wait for the phone to get disconnected from the network. Then change the SIM and switch it on to get connected again.
Your new 4G airtel SIM will be active within 5 minutes
No need to change your mobile number
You can also upgrade to an airtel 4G SIM at the nearest airtel store 
And Phone is good against its price!! 
 Got this Phone through Flipkart Flash Sale On 8th July 2015 for INR 9999/- 
- Reached beyond my expectations on the Phone.
- Display Resolution is awesome; Amazed by watching Videos and viewing Photos.
- Gaming Experience is also fine. Have "Real Racing" for 30min and experienced just a bit of normal heating but not too much.
- No Lag, No Hangup, No Unresponsiveness
- CAM clarity, auto focus is very good. (Cannot compare with Nexus 5);
- Battery Backup is good; But with being DUAL SIM active, WiFi, Browsing, Playing Games, and Opening Multiple Tasks then the Rate of Discharge is increased.
- Battery Backup with Super Saver is awesome, I recommend this during our Sleep. 
Overall, I recommend this Phone to others . 
Good Phone with Best Affordable Price. 
 Not going to give specs as everyone knows that. 
Lenovo could have made it better. 
Rear camera quality not of 13mp.
No Gorilla Glass protection. Even 6-7k phones have it now days.
No Earphones provided.
Build quality not the best. 
But still killer phone under 10k range.
Value for money phone. 
 Managed to get this mobile in first flash sale and got delivered the next day. Thumbs up to Flipkart delivery service as always. 
About this mobile- 
Pros-
Excellent screen- being a FHD display it's best screen at this price range and as good as mi4i which costs 3K more.
Very Good camera- recently lenovo got flanked because of sub par camera in their A7000 model, but they have done a better job in K3 Note. Front camera as well as rear camera are pretty good.
Sound- good sound quality and it has Dolby Atmos
Fast- Its Octa core processor + 2GB ram handles just about anything. Its a best performing device in this price range
No heating issue- i was surprised to see there absolutly no overheating even while playing games.
Light Weight- Extreamly light, may be as light weight as mi4i, I didn't expect it to be this light weight and was totally surprised (in a good way) when i first hold it in hands. 
Pros/Cons- 
Battery Backup- Just been using it for couple of days so not sure where to put battery backup as pro or con. One thing is sure it gives excellent standby time and battery only slightly drops if on standby and screen is off even for hours. I will get to know its on screen time after some more use.  
Cons- 
No Corning Gorilla Glass- This is the only con I can think of and I specially hate it because I am not a fan of screenguards.  
Verdict- 
At this price range its a steal. Lenovo has managed to pack a real punch with K3 Note. If you have budget range of 8k to 15K I would recommend you stop searching and buy this phone right away. 
 Awesome Handset Good Looking Also Didn't HeatsUp More.....But Does't have Good Overall Gaming Experience It Droping Some Frames 
 This is a really good feature rich phone at a very reasonable price. 
Light weight, sensitive touch, nice camera and decent battery backup is what is required from a good smartphone. But all the features at this price is a real steal. 
I would update the review again post using the phone for a while, but so far so good. 
 Mobile is too good. It battery service is superb. It doesn't not heat quickly. Camera is fine. Front camera is so nice. It's charge holding capacity is good. Mobile looks sexy. 
 Got it with a great hope that i would get a nice phone within a budget of 10 k...Packing was nice..Opened it and got impressed with its looks...But all gone within 1 hour after i inserted my simcard.. 
Cons & cones only :- 
1) Sound & speaker quality is so poor that you would feel like talking to people who is living 1000s and thousands of miles away in African dense jungle.
2) The hand set gets heated up like blast furnace within few minutes that u cannot even hold it, forget about holding on your ear and talking.
3) The worst part is:- Kept the phone on charge at night and the worst part is the phone charged from 15 % to 21 % exactly in an hour's time. So horrible...even a 2000 rs smartphone gets charged much faster than this LENOVOOO K3 NOTE. 
Calling flipkart...a customer care guy told me to download a software on my phone sent by sms for software and quality check...Its the most bizzare thing i have ever come across...as after testing he told that the heat limit is absolutely ok...The way he spoke to me as if i m a liar to lie and get the phone returned & exchanged....wrote an email to Flipkart...Luckily, one lady called up from FK the next day and got my phone returned and my money refunded within 7 days time.
Flipkart should not spoil their name and fame by keeping such worthless phoneson their website...Lenovo is a brand but this particular handset is faulty...trust me... 
 Everything working properly and no problems found after 6 months till now. A great product from Lenovo and must buy 
 Worst phone ever. Hangs a lot and gets heat up very fast. I would like to give 0 stars for this phone. The exchange policy is all fake. Flipkart is just making us fool. Please don't ever buy this phone. 
 worst mobile I have ever purchased.handing ,auto touch working is wired behavior,please don't buy this mobile. 
 Simple and Good. Display Screen is very good.
Software and performance is average. Lots of bug in software. 
 Very bad cam compared to zenphone and other mobiles of this range and the phone hangs very often!! 
. 
 The biggest issue with the Lenovo K3 Note is the touch screen issue. Your touch screen will stop working in some time. Mine started to stop working in 15 days after purchase which prompted me to ask for replacement from Flipkart. 
Going through the Lenovo forum I found out that literally everyone is facing the issue. This is precisely why I won't recommend this phone to anyone. The Lenovo online support is pathetic. There is no official on the forum to look into your issues. People who took phones to service centers are complaining that they are taking 30 days to fix the phone. 
You can get much better phones for 10,000 with good service as well. Let me tell you guys one more thing. Lenovo provided a Marshmallow update for Lenovo K3 Note. This update crippled nearly all the phones. Lenovo Forum is full of people complaining about issues post the update. Well there is nobody to listen to them. 
Don't believe a single thing that I have said. Go to the Lenovo Forum and check it out for yourself. 
 Suddenly after 6 months, it has started giving major trouble with battery. Within 30 minutes of 100% charging, it comes down to 2%. Beware of the battery quality. Buy something like samsung or iphone, if you can afford it 
 parts of the touchscreen stopped working within 8 months of purchase....
Other than that its a good phone at its price right now....very good camera & wifi connectivity. 
 Worst phone, Just go to service center and you will find the number of users have the same issues. you have stand at least two hours in que only to check the phone. 
 I purchased this phone on 2 march 2016 after 40 days mobile stopped working, when i contacted lenovo customer care they straight away denied to help me stated that deaaler has not updated the warranty detail so cannot help u. Then i called up flipkart cust care they told me to wait for 2 days and adter two days i got a call from flipkart team... a guy from flipkart told to go to service centre and submit your mobile. on instruction fro flipkart i went to lenovo service centre (borivali West) and i was shock to see that 30 to 40 k3 note mobile was having same issue and if u upgrade it with marshmallow (android 6) phone performance even drop done....... worst part lenovo service centre people......my god...pls give then training how to talk to your customer who is already in problem and u need to help then and not to fight with them......after waiting for and 3 hrs they told me that there is an software issue because of water has came inside the motherboard when i told them they ...."sir pani motherboard ke andar chalegaya hai aap dekh nahi paoge". then they informed me to pay either 1850 for software update & flash or if problem is not solved then charges will be 5500 rs....oh my god mobile value is 9999/- rs and mother repair charges 5500/- and warrant for that will be 1 month. pls imy dear friend request u not to buy this phone or any lenovo phone ,,,,,,,,this is humble request from me 
 ME PURCHASE LENOVO K3 NOTE IN FLIPKART 02.01.2016 .THIS PHONE IS VERY GOOD AND VALUE FOR MONEY.... FEATURES ARE GREAT.... LOVE LEOVO AND FLIPKART SERVICE 
 Hi..... 
I like to shop here, its very easy, very fast & good products also 
keep it up 
Thank u 
......... 
 Product has a very good specification. But specification is not all. It perform well in day to day work. But major issues observed are:
1. Heating issues. 
2. Hangs a lot when mobile internet is turned on. 
3. Data is automatically turned off during voice calling. 
4. Many apps are considered as system app and cannot be removed only can be disabled. One such app is facebook. 
5. Gaming performance not as per specification. Redmi note with similar kind of specs performed better.  
Some pros are:
1. Good looking.
2. Dual 4g support. 
3. Camera works well with correct settings. 
4. Some apps needed are already preloaded. 
5. Full hd videos looks good. 
6. Very light weight compared to other phones at same price range. 
Note: After the latest marshmallow update performance is way better. 
 Don't purchase this phone. It has a problem with touch screen. When I went to the service center after 4 months of use I saw many people having some or the other problem, mostly touchscreen. Service is slow and many are coming to the center again and again. 
 I delivered product within 5-6 days. 
Pros.
It is a good budget 2 gb RAM and octa core processor mobile. 
Excellent sound quality
Big display
Nice look 
Cons.
High SAR levels (radiation level). 
Above average camera 
 touch screen not working after 5 months. Service center saying they ll replace screen for 2600 Rs immediately or free warranty cover will take 3 months. They are also mentioning that its a common issue with this phone. 
 i purchased this phone on 26 dec 2015 and after using 3 month i m writing this reiview.
i think this is Awesome phone to own if you plan to by 5.5 inch in 10K range.
2 of my frnds r also using this phone.
if u want to buy this phone for daily use its a great product 
PROS
1. Light weight.All the persons who checked my mobile was surprised of light weight it was.Good weight distibution
2.Audio quality-Very crisp and clear with dolby audio(Tested with sennheiser CX 275 s).u can feel difference the sound quality with and without dolby function. there is no handsfree given by Lenovo with this product. m using philips she1405 with this phone and found amazing sound.
3. Display: Full HD and it was Awesome experince.Tried watching HD video and it was like wow. Similar to Sony Bravia display phones.
4. Body: Good build quality for below 10000 phones.Very slim and handy
5. Connectivity: tried bluetooth, wifi and 4g.Everything is awesome and works as expected
6. Games:games lover please do not buy this phone.because battery drains quickly within 1 hour.
7. Camera: Front camera is awesome for selfies. Back camera is very nice compared to other sub 10k phones. if u wanna great pic u can use it in HDR mode. Video quality is too good looking like video camera quality but it occupies a lot of space of mobile. 
8. Storage: 16gb is sufficient.Really good for installing apps
9. Black color phone is really good looking.
10. its theme centre is good. no need to install any other launcher
11. 1.5 Amps charger and it looks sturdy and good in the price segment. there should be light led in adapter 
CONS :
1. Need improvement for camera on low light areas and indoor
2. Minimum 1 GB Ram is always occupied for OS and preinstalled Apps.games app cause a little bit hang. i think scree nd touch quality is not so good but gud in this price.
sometimes it hangs for some seconds.
3. Battery backup is ok. keeps it for 1 day after using 3.5 hours of wifi and internet.If i continuously use for 6 hours of wifi and 3g, it will be finished. best thing in this phone is its battery saver options. but i cant play game because battery drains quickly. 
important thing i want to share with everyone is that some people says about bad service quality.so please make sure about service centre in your area. there is may be really some big issue about service. i m worrying about my phone.  
 I had placed the order for this phone, which was suppose to be delivered on 25th feb2016 but I kept waiting the delivery person didn't turn up, I was told it will be delivered on Monday i.e. 28feb 2016. Now on 28feb 2016 I didn't received the phone but received the invoice and delivery confirmation that phone has been DELIVERED to me. but I never got the delivery and when I called the delivery boy he told me that he has returned the phone back to warehouse and later acknowledged that he has the phone with him when I told him that I received the invoice. Later Flipkart team told me that they have fired the guy who did this ( which seem like a fair cover up ). Coz that guy is taking to me on the phone and accepting that he has done this act with proud. WOULD RATE IT AWESOME EXPERINCE. 
 Beautiful, crisp, large display that my parents can use. Enough CPU and RAM to ensure they don't have to keep closing apps in the background. The yellow rear to give them a change from the black phones they have always had. The phone is pretty light too.  
Downside - no Gorilla Glass. Had to get a case to ensure some protection. Audio is a little tinny as well. 
This one had everything I was looking. Got a sweet deal on a 4+ year old Galaxy Note N7000 as well. The free Airtel sim offered was never delivered. Did not need one, so never bothered to check on the same. 
 This mobile is very heating when I am using mobile
And
Charging problems 
 This is something, I do not like in Android phones. Manufacturer provides hell lot of RAMs but if that Brand is not investing hard efforts and money in optimizing the OS then it is a waste. Always go for manufacturer like Samsung and other premium Android phone where OS just doent kill the RAM. 
Thats what I like in APPLE and Windows phone, they run very smooth, fast with small size of RAM but Android, they preload hell lot of FALTU app which we do not desire and can never get rid off it. 
Bad lenovo K3, thats the reason they came up with K4 with 3 GB ram but they do not intent to invest money in R&D in optimizing the OS instead added 1 GB RAM. Poor strategy. 
 This review is after 6 months usage (purchased on nov-15) :
Merits:
1) Good battery life without internet easily upto 36hrs and with internet 24 hrs
2) Superb music quality under 10K (dolby atmos is a huge asset) we can clearly make out music difference by turning it on and off
3) Camera is another asset for this phone as said earlier more than worthy under 10K budget both front and rear cameras are doing justice for the specs given to them.
4) HDR photos are highlight for this phone
5) light weight 
6) easy to touch and operate 
Demerits: 
1) Sar value ( Lenovo has clearly instructed not to talk long hours by keeping near ears, ideal to use head phones or speaker)
2) Occasionally hangs if more than 6 apps were loaded
3) difficult to hold ( size of phone is so big it makes little difficult operate with single hand.. Not so comfortable while taking selfies)
4) Night time better not to expect good photo quality
5) Hardly played any games but observed heating issue while palying 
Over all: 
Worthy buy under 10K for normal users
beats Mi4i in some features (like hanging, heating ) 
restricting to 4 due to demerits 
 Please don't buy Lenovo K3 note. It's a worst mobile I have ever experienced.
Its started hanging very frequently after one month of use.
Big lag while typing a message and a 13MP camera works like a 2MP camera. Phone hangs if two apps are open at one time. Dont buy mobiles with fancy specs from Lenovo. Service center guys are not respondng properly. They give irrelevant reasons for the phone problems and give silly excuses. Flipkart should own responsibility if they are selling such phones. I bought two mobiles of Lenovo K3 note and both have similar problems. 
 Hi, I found two issues with NoteK3. 
1. Mobile data is not working for SIM slot2
2. Frequently getting hanging. Need to restart the mobile everyday to avoid hanging. 
 Considering all the good feedback here, I purchased this mobile. But may be to my luck, mobile has too many issues, i guess there are some sort of manufacturing defect in the mobile i got. Every time i contact the customer service they suggest me to "Factory Reset", I have already done that 4 times.Am still waiting for a final solution... 
 The Mobile touch stops working within two months time only. No inbulit music player. Worst quality phone in this cost. 
 Excellent phone at this price point. Actually the only Full HD phone under 10,000. This is my second K3 Note. Previously got one for my sister and now for my wife. Both are working fine till now! Definitely best phone if your budget is 10,000 or less. Recommended.?? 
 Very useless phone, it hangs a lot. Touch is not responsive. Restart required once a day to use this phone. 
 SPECS ARE GR8 BUT ACTUAL PERFORMANCE OF PHONE IS JUST AVG ... CAMERA IS AVG...
PROS>
1.sound
2.display
3.LESS weight 
CONS->
1.gaming
2.camera 
3.and a lot of pre-loaded apps 
 Overall the product is good. Camera is average. Liked the screen size. One issues is that the phone gets heated up if used for long time. 
 nice phone in 10K price range with all the features.....
i will recommend all to go for this phone.... 
 product is best what u can get for 10k 
But i faced a problem of screen and girl at service center told to clear my problem in 25 days
25 days for just screen i m fedup with this so u can buy this product if u can wait for 25 days for no region   
 1)I purchased it on sept 2015 2)issue is that phone getting heated while speaking... i culdn't even to speak to anyone more than 1 min. 3)UI is not at all good. 4)Worst camera(Both back and front camera), we can't take photos dark places. 5)Worst performance 
 This is the Worst phone I have ever used... 
Don't ever buy this phone... I ordered 2 phones from flipkart (1 for me & onther for my brother)... flipkart delivery service is very good...
Phone worked well for first month... till the flipkart replacement warranty over... after one month... both the phones started giving problems... 
Features shown in description are not up to the mark...
1. Main camera 13 mp.... HTC's 8 mp is way better than this.. 13 mp
2. I have a doubt about 2 gb ram... everytime time I check... available memory shows less than 500 mb
3. WORST PART OF THIS PHONE IS... IT IS SEARCHING FOR 30-40 SECOND EVERYTIME.... TO LOAD EVEN CONTACT LIST
4. STOPS working whenever u need it the most...
5. DON'T allow to edit contacts... after even edit.. it shows the same information...
6. Automatically shut down the applications... 
there are lot more problem me & my brother facing... 
JUST A SIMPLE ADVICE... DON'T EVER THINK ABOUT TO BUY THIS PHONE. 
 The seller is very impressive...very fast delivery but phone is not as per expectations...  
 I have couple of problem with the Device.
a) Battery is draining Fast.
b) Issue with camera Hardware. 
Rest of that other things are quite good like screen and Multitasking. 
 Very Good Phone at below Rs.10000, i am using this phone from 6 months, till now i am facing no problem,very satisfied with this awesome lenovo k3 note.......not hanging, not heating....good sound quality...every thing is best. 
 i am facing touchscreen problem from some days..while typing some keys are not touched and have to touch 3-4 times 
 Signal / connectivity is very poor, signal drop down very often, camera quality is not good, speaker is very bad. 
 I have used it and performance is good only problem is service center I could not find. If lenovo could provide service through Lenovo PC Service dealer it would be better. 
 Only value for money,bad performance with respect to the spec 
 For the people who are looking for a decent budget phone. Please don't go for this phone. I regret it each day. It will never match your expectations.
Cons. 
1. Poor hardware performance.
2. Laggy scrolling.
3. Fully charged battery doesn't cover 12 hrs!!
4. Sounds are weak.
5. Camera below average.
6. Call reception is less than appropriate. 
Moreover I am sick and tired of its incompetence among other players in the market. Pls note, xiaomi offers better range of smart phones at the same price bracket. Make an informed choice about your phone else you will regret for the next six months like me.   
 after the breakage of my mmx unite 2 i had a plan to buy a budget smartphone under 10k. I searched on webs and read the reviews of K3 note phone on various sites including flipkart. before starting my phone review i thank flipkart for accurate delivery with good packing.
 if ur looking for a 10k budget phone the best answer is K3 note with a price tag of 9999. specifications given on the site are absolutely correct. i am not telling about any special features or cons as you can note that this NOTE gives much more than any phone at this price. i too read several reviews both positive and negatives regarding this phone and after a detail analysis fixed to buy this phone.
 i have to tell something which i could not believe after the purchase of this phone. in most reviews people argues than the phone heats intensively like a frying pan and all like that. from my own experience this is absolutely faulty statement. i used the phone after charging upto 100% till it reaches 15%(wifi was completely ON,i was dwnloading apps behind, played COC which is an online game, asphalt 8, used watsapp,hike etc etc continuosly without a break) and surprisingly i experienced no heating from phone....THIS IS TRUE GUYS.. no heating complaint for this phone and no lags on playing games....
 i didnt experience any lag or misses till now after 1 week usage. next is camera. most people give negative review for camera of k3 note and i too expected a poor quality camera. BUT the next surprise was the camera. it has a decent back camera with fantastic selfie camera. i dont know why negative approaches are given as stating very poor camera...and this is not true... k3 note camera will surely meet your expectations.
 the only negative point on my view is that 1 GB of ram is eaten by inbuilt apps..... thats a true statement on most negative reviews.but no lags for phone. if needed one more negative to be stated is that its SAR value is 1.59. iphone 6 and samsung came with 1.6 sar value but as we know this fact that k3 also have high value within the proposed limit we would feel some sort of detachment with the phone and its a brain game. dont feel bad about sar value of this phone because 1.59 is not always that value but its the maximum sar value for this phone at a low range area. if you are having good range sim card you can purchase this phone without any tension.
 i snaped one star out of 5 because of these 2 minuses ie,ram and sar value.
on the whole lenovo had done a great job and its excellency should be experienced for sure. blindly go for this phone i recommend this phone to all. 
 I will keep it really short: 
- Top half of the phone heats up really quickly
- Bad Battery Backup
- SAR value is very high and heats up when u are talking
- All in all you have better phones in market, go for those 
 I bought this phone in a flash sale on 31 July 2015. It was delivered promptly and in good condition. On installing the sim card and charging the battery, it performed flawlessly (for some time!)
Appearance: The phone's appearance may not appeal to those who prepare a flamboyant style bu to those who prefer a functional product its minimalisitic design should be attractive enough.
Performance: It was flawless for 3 months. The sound was the best I have heard in a mobile phone. The screen resolution was quite good though the build quality seemed a little flimsy.After 3 months it stopped accessing the internet. At first I thought it was a network fault. I was able to access the net via WiFi. But it was confirmed at an airtel office that the fault was in the phone.
Service: There seems to be few authorised Lenovo service centres in Chennai. I took it to one of them, AP Technologies in Egmore. It was in a cubby hole in a basement with no air conditioning. I had to wait there about 40 minutes among about 20 sweaty bodies to merely hand over the phone. I was told that somebody would phone me the next day with the diagnosis. As there was no phone call, I tried calling them more than 20 times without success. The next day was a repetition of the first. So I went back to the dreadful service centre. I found that nobody had even checked the phone 48 hours after handing it over! After another 40 minutes wait, I was told that the fault was a 'water leak' not covered by the warranty! The phone had been used carefully and well away from water. I took my phone and left. The service centre apparently 'services' also Motorola, Alcatel and Xiaomi phones as well as others. It should be more aptly named a 'Fleecing Centre'!
Dr Raj B Singh 
 lot of problems.i use just one month.hanging problem.low perfomance.hanging problem.average battery backup  
 i ordered 6 lenovo phones from flipkart but all of them were having the problem that they get hanged .the touch pad and camera were not working. 
 They had send me a defective product.I have return the product for more than 3 times till now no action taken. 
 using it for 4 months now, and the performance keeps going down with each passing day.
2GB ram looks useless with a poor mediatek processor.
the phone keeps locking up, keypad wouldnt respond and there are times when you keep swiping but you cant even answer a phonecall.
it was more hype than quality 
 I am not satisfied with this mobile...Because some times its hang...not some time every time, When playing candy crush game and type message to any body then it is hang. 
 its 0/sanaata you can not make video call from this mobile.its to hot during use.camera place is to bad whenever you put mobile its must touch by figure and i am sure its camera do not durable. 
 SIM network not reconsigning and maximum time no network a or very less network comparative to other mobiles with same network SIM. screen quality is good. 
 I am using this product since 3 months and I would say from my heart. 
- This product is just a crap. It's not for calling purpose. Neither the dialer works nor its contacts.
- This junk is lighter because of poor plastic used in it. 
- 2 GB RAM is installed to make people fool 
If you really want to waste money. Just go for it. You will search my review after 1 month. 
 LENOVO K3 NOTE:- 
PROS: 1. DISPLAY IS VERY GOOD.
 2. VERY BUDGET PONE 
CONS: 1. PHONE HEATING IS MAIN ISSUE.
 2. CAMERA QUALITY IS AVERAGE.
 3. HANGING ISSUE AT THE TIME OF GAMING. 
 On seeing the spec sheet,you will expect a power packed performance. But what you get from this phone is a lot of heat and lag. It heats up very quickly at the head and the touchscreen lags many a times. You will even doubt that if the specified specs are genuine. Two stars for fab display and Dolby atmos. If you are a gamer or a heavy user,stay away from this phone. Lenovo should release an update to solve these bugs to prevent us from throwing the phone away. 
 by look phone is really good even functions are very user friendly but sometimes i facing software problems and even bit slow sometimes. rest all is good. 
 dosent support earphone ... camera is not good ..wifi hangs very much ... below avg phone .. display is quiet good .. 
 Last month I have purchased 2 Lenovo K3 note mobile phones from Flipkart . I had a lot of expectations on this model as it comes with excellent specs and also I heard that Lenovo phones are very successful in battery backup . But it was so disappointing to realize that this particular model is having a severe battery backup issue.. There is something wrong somewhere in its manufacturing I believe .. I have checked with my uncle to whom I presented the other mobile, He also said the same problem.. Is there any resolution for this backup issue from Lenovo .... Is the problem from the battery ? If so they should provide an alternative battery for this model at the earliest...   
 good camera
fair display
light weight
satisfactory battery
but dont opt this phone if you are a habitual heavy talker
the heating will not allow you to keep this phone at your ear   
 All the features of this phone impressed me. I thought this phone would not give any problem, but one day use I got huge issue i.e. Heat issue. 
The phone heat-up when using approx 3 to 4 applications. However this phone have 3000 Mah battery and 1.7GH Octa core process then why this happened, I afraid. 
This phone have Android Lolipop 5. I read various posts about Android Lolipop bugs and battery issue. 
 Unpacking the phone, I discovered that some touch keys are not working properly. Roamed around service centers of Lenovo phone in Kolkata. They suggested me to change touch screen. 
Now it is almost 3 weeks in service center and I have still not received phone back. Parts are not available, service call center is of no use. They also will provide you lip service. I talk to Lenovo smart phone East region service head. He denied offering me service & confirmed that there is no spare parts available. Also suggested that the product should be returned to Flipkart. I just now applied for RETURN with Flipkart and let me see what they do. Anyway I am having all accessories, & original packing. 
In nutshell, BUYING PHONES ONLINE IS GOOD (Especially Flipkart delivered this phone next day) BUT IN CASE OF TECHNICAL ISSUES, YOU ARE RUINED WITH YOUR MONEY. 
 This is the worst smartphone in the history of smartphones! didn't even last a month! The screen stopped working, the phone became really slow in the first ten days! I strongly suggest spend some more money and buy a better phone (read reviews instead of going for the new arrival in the market). The service is also really bad (Lenovo) - unlike apple, they never replace any phones! they will repair it and then there is no guarantee that the phone will work! 
 After 3 months of purchase....touch screen right part not working....
now....after lenovo support for repair..... 
All other features working fine...except camera...long wait before and after click....and very bad photos at night.  
 Facing call disconnect issues, not able to call sometime, getting hanged.
After paying 10K bucks getting a mobile which does not serve its basic purpose is pathetic.
Sincerely suggesting no one to buy this product. 
 worst phone ever used. its a china made with just label sticked. 
Please don't buy this heater.also the battery gets drained very soon. 
 This is a really bad phone from Lenovo. The back cover is made of rubber. If you drop it, it is gone. The touch has stopped working in less than 2 months of usage. Now need to waste time to go the service centre and get it repaired under warranty. Lenovo is better off manufacturing laptops. Would not recommend to buy this phone. 
 cheap and bad product... unoptimized phone.. not a true octacore processor... a true laggy phone............................................................... 
 It is not all that good. The following are the Cons and Pros: 
Cons: Battery backup was bad.
Camera is not good.
Picture images are pixaleted. 
Pros: Big screen. 
 I have bought the Lenova K3 note from flipkart. The product doesn't provide octa core performance. It is mentioned that the product has 45K Antutu score but it provides only 22K+ Antutu score. Earlier I had Moto E (Dual Core) which worked much more better when comparing to this lenova k3 note. After few days of usage right side touch screen often doesn't work (approx 1.5 inch right to left from right side edge). Due to this touch issue, keyboard also not working(hanging). Most of the time I have to restart but couldn't work. Sorry to say, I am really frustrated with you Lenova. 
 Freezing and hanging all the time. Had to buy new phone. Looks good, the price is good but phone is a cheap hanging piece of crap. 
 plz don't buy this product. Bad Experience. Bad display problem. Auto calling messeging and so much problem. 
 its awesome... my requirements regarding a smart phone is fulfilled by this phone great phone and nice battery backup 
 I have bought this great mobile in Flipkart's big billion day and happy that i got it with a good discount.
The features present in this mobile are of top notch which are only present in some flagship mobiles.
Pros- crisp full HD display.
Dolby atmos is great if you have a good earphone like Sennheiser.
Too slim and light to carry.
Selfie cam gives nice pic.
Network reception is strong.
Cons- Heavy games like Asphalt-8 lags a bit. 
It is complete VFM. At this price it is a steal deal. 
 Fabulous piece from Lenovo... No complains for what I pay versus what I got. Truly value for money. Got it in Christmas sale. 
Light weight, big crisp and clear screen, fast response, good battery backup, no heating. 
Camera could have been better. I have used Mi 4i so compared to it, camera is not at par with Xiaomi. 
Overall strong buy for sub 10k budget. Flipkart delivery was on time. 
 This is a awesome phone in low budget nice product and thanks flip kart. product rate 10/10
flip kart service 10/10 
 technically very good product, nice camera and dolby sound. With this price i highly recommend this product, smooth operating, thanks.... 
 just had this product....first good impressions
large display ,
great display, 
HD video quality is great , 
good processor
and 
good camera 
and not so impressing are .... Lenovo name is missing in front , battery backup not so good, built quality is just ok ( plastic look), no corning gorilla glass, not easy to fit in hand.  
verdict: 
wait for new avatar to come in 2016 ( K4 note) but under exchange offer go get K3 now at good price ( if offers are there) 
 i bought in 8999 from flipkart..so this is best for me..
main aspect :-
PROS:-
memory:- u will get only 10gb out of 16gb
display:- very nice and impressive
battery:- it is gud but takes 3hr to full charge.
sound:-..dolby sound on speaker very very impressive
ram :-2gb which is enough for this device.
very light weight 
Cons:-
1.no headset..(they should provide )
2.back cover is made of cheap plastic which is not durable ,you will have to buy strong back cover.
3.takes long time for charging.
4.unable to handle if you have little palm..need big palm for this.
5.sim card is not hot swappable , even memory card too. 
 No android update till date, camera is not as good as 13 mpx Samsung, Gionee, Xiaomi, many times become unresponsive, overall an okay phone, the best thing is its call quality.
meizu m2 note, Coolpad note 3 are much better option, Meizu cam is much better. 
 This is the best phone below 10000. I have booked for my friends and my self. No problem found but one mobile Returned to flipkart due to battery problem. Battery shape is not good so i had exchanded from flipkart. now working fine. 
 After going through plenty of phones as a choice for my next buy, I finally settled on this one. 
It has been over 20 days since I have been using this phone and the phone hasn't really disappointed. To keep my review simple, I'll mention points to buy this phone, and points to not buy this phone. 
Buy this phone if you want:
+ a decent battery life
+ an ultra power saver mode which leaves you with just the calling, messaging and alarm features enabled, extends battery life to up to 60h on a full charge
+ a neat and sharp display with scratch resistance
+ a sleek and very light phone
+ a good soft touch feel on the rear surface
+ dolby atmos, incredible surround effect and live equalizer
+ a phone with quite brilliant benchmark performances
+ natural colors on the display with class leading display contrast
+ very, very good call noise cancellation
+ audio quality on call is very good
+ powerful dual LED flash, doubles up as a torch better than most phones 
Consider while buying the phone:
= the phone's screen is decently legible in the sunlight, but it is not one of the brightest screens around
= CPU is powerful, GPU is average, will do perfectly fine for general gaming, haven't tested very heavy games on it
= the UI is not one of the best around, but is neat enough for regular use
= can get sluggish at times
= the phone seems to have plenty of ROMs around if you're into it, look for an index on the ROMs available for the K3 Note
= no bootloader unlocking required for Rooting/Flashing a custom ROM
= speakers aren't the loudest in town, but it should do the job fine, you might want it to be on vibration when outdoors
= SAR values are considerably high at around 1.6, though note that there are no proven effects of mobile based microwave radiation, a SAR value of around 40 and above is known to be harmful 
Factors that do not favor it's purchase:
- cameras, front and rear (decent though sluggish, images have poor detailing, far from the class leading phone cameras)
- auto-brightness is not calibrated in the best way, I prefer sticking to manual brightness indoors
- no stylus considering the note tag, a simple stylus works fine for using it on google's handwriting input, but isn't fond of sketching or handwritten notes applications, the touch goes zigzag on it with a simple stylus  
 hangout quickly and battery problem..iam using 2g within 2 hrs the bateery goes down totally...hangout quickly and battery problem..iam using 2g within 2 hrs the bateery goes down totally 
 Here are my reviews after using 3months. 
PROS:
1. Display
2. Lightweight
3. Quick charging.
4. HD. 
CONS:
1. Overheating when play games for minimum 5mins.
2. Battery drains quickly.
3. Lagging issues (hanging issue) 
 What I liked:
 1. Nice, crip and clear 401 ppi, 1080p 5.5" screen. I have fairly large palm so no issues operating the phone with one hand. In fact, I honestly feel I'd never go back to a phone with a screen size smaller than this.
 2. Lightweight and looks decent. I would definitely not say looks cheap.
 3. Excellent battery life for moderate to heave use (calls, surfing/youtube, whatsapp). Lasts me comfortably for over a day, better than the phones I have used in the past. Moreover, the battery is removable which is a huge plus.
 4. No heating issues.
 5. Expandable memory. Spec says supports upto 32 GB but I was able to load my 64 GB micro SD card just fine.
 6. Stable performance. Impressive processing power. 
What could have been better:
 1. Call volume is somewhat low. Not much of an issue to worry about. 
 2. Too much factory loaded cruft. This can be taken care of if you know what needs to be done.
 3. SAR value is under permissible limit but still high comparatively.
 4. VibeUI is too intrusive to my taste, though has some nice touches here and there. I would have preferred vanilla Android. I already own Motorola and I kind of like Moto's simple and useful tweaks, without getting overly intrusive deep in to the system. Lenovo should probably stick to something like that so core android updates reach us faster, and probably less work for Lenovo as well to keep up with the updates. The Android in K3 Note is still 5.0. We are far from 5.1.1 leave alone Marshmallow. I have taken care of this to the extent possible by replacing with alternative apps that I love. 
What I miss:
 1. No Gorilla glass. Also, the supplied screen protector is not only a dust magnet but catches finger prints quite easily smudging the screen. I have an aftermarket temper glass screen guard on and is doing its duty pretty well. 
Things I don't care of:
 1. I'm not a gamer. So can't speak of how the phone performs here. 
 2. I'm a serious photographer and own gears that serves me well here. I don't shoot with mobile camera. That said, The camera in K3 Note is a dud nevertheless.  
Overall very satisfied with the phone and Flipkart's service. With an Android phone that costs under 10K, I'm not going to be worried about theft, loss, breakage or service, as is the case with those expensive so called 'premium' ones. Would just replace after an year or so. 
 I have bought this a month ago and after only 20 days of using this set display have gone blurred. On top of that it is heating up whenever u try to restart it. Atleast you should have a disclaimer of how bullshit this set is!! Not blaming flipkart as 30 days is over and i couldnt replace it. Now i m making rounds in lenoivo service centre to get it fixed. Anyone interested in buying it think twice before you go ahead.. 
 deliver before committed date, great service.
packing is good.
phone is great this is my second same product I buy for my family member.
1st phone i am using.
this is not for heavy loaded but it can be i say mid range performance.
but according to value its very good phone
pictures are very nice in day light
videos are also good like HD
but some time when we use it long time for a day it got lag
anyway from my side its very nice phone. 
 Overall it is ok. I have purchased this three months before. looks good. very slim. very light in weight. working well. many new features added which i like the most. Camera quality is very good even selfie with cam. Battery is ok not superrrrr. But after three month problem starts. Sometimes when phone rang, no display on screen (No back light). So need to cut the ph by power button & then only can check the call. So little disappointed. 
 Amazing Display 
Good Build Quality ...
Camera is Good , Blurs on Zoom , What do you expect under 10 K :) 
Front Camera is Awesome for Selfies....
Good for Gaming and Watching movies....
Go for it.... 
 Initially it was a good phone and was functioning with great ease.
After about a month and a half, it shows lots of lags especially when internet is on.
Touch response while typing drastically slows down after a month. Sometimes it takes 3-4 seconds to print on screen what you typed!!
Online apps like whatsapp etc doesn't open even after a minute, inspite of 3G connection and sometimes the screen goes blank!  
Very disappointed. The only good thing I found is Battery life. All other specs like 2 GB RAM and Octa core processor doesn't even seem to working! 
My previous Samsung with 1 GB ram and Dual Core processor was much more faster and did not hang even once in about 2 years! This one is showing true colors in second month itself! 
 i have bought it for 8.3k on big billion day... really very good features. Night mode camera only little bit bad. 
 Nice phone. 
Good and reasonable price. 
Giving you 4G status. 
Nice design. 
Still not experienced heating issue as on date. 
Recommending you the same to buy only from Flipkart. 
Best of Luck. 
 Hi All, I got my Lenova K3 Note from flipkart, and its a killer. Great phone, slim, sleek, White, Fast, camera is good, Full HD colors are beautiful, best phone by far.. Congratulations to Lenova, 50k orders in a very short time. Best phone in the market, under 10k. thanks.. 
 Dear friends don't buy this phone based on reviews .I faced lot of issues with display after I contacted lenovo toll free number ,they told me to reset the phone and after resenting phone i faced more issues again ..like not restarting properly ,when battery power reach 30 percentage it suddley goes ....totally this phone is waste pls don't buy this phone 
 With flipkart expectation is good products,but reality is good looking ,i have to say after buying this prodcut. 
I were able to use this product hardly three months
After 3 months of usage ,its screen got easily broken without much stress,
menu key and back key are not working,its build quality is so poor
.Now i recommend dont buy this phone anymore 
My lesson from this purchase
NEVER BUY CHINESE BRAND....Never buy lenovo phone 
*Below average Battery life Especially when Data is enabled
I expected good battery life seeing reviews online and being this is an MTK Chipset thean qual comm
* No protective glasses like corning gorilla glass 
I would have given Four stars if Battery life was good 
Update after two months of usage
-------------------------------------------------
its back key and menu key is not working now
i am noticed that it hangs for a while many times during operation 
__________________________________________   
 Although RAM is 2GB, only 500MB is left for other applications, find sometimes it is slow. Camera boasts 13MP but quality is not so good. Rest all looks fine. 
 I got the item before expected. Nice look, Speed Booting, Nice Camera .. Awesome music with Dolby ATMOS. Touch response is good, Vibe UI is also remarkable. 
 I had purchased the unit one month back and now i am facing problem with touch screen and key ,Sometimes need to press very hard to type a alphabet and sometimes none of the keys is working, I have contacted lenovo customer care and as per them i have visited nearest service centre,Once i reached there service centre i found there is long queue of people,who is having the same problem, Then i realised that it was my biggest mistake that i have bought Lenovo, After reaching to the counter,Service person told me that i need to drop the phone for min 9-10 days to maximum they don't know, Then i asked them to provide stand by so that i can do my work with that,which they denied,,, So thats the kind of service i receive,..... Hence buyer think 100 times while purchasing lenovo ...and also just search google you ll find there are N nos. of Shop across india ,who has stopped selling Lennovo with Board written at there shop as we are not selling Lennovo because of there poor service....  
 it was good for first month, but now mic is not working properly,,, i can hear everything over call but other person is not getting any sound or very low sound... can't even replace it... it is in warrnty period, have to go to care centre.. 
otherwise, all is good and working fine. 
 Everything is good. Slim , good battery etc.. 
only draw back is : Fetching contacts & Calls details was very slow.... We cant take the stored contact list for emergency. 
 Is lenovo or flipkart fudging the reviews on this site. 
I bought this on Flipkart with one day guarantee on Aug 20th, 2015. Seemed like great specs and a great price.  
Contacts manager doesnt work, keeps hanging, and seen atleast a few forums online where this issue has been seen. It takes 20 seconds to load a favorite no (i have just 6), and forget even trying to find a contact. It seems to search through all your contacts in every folder, crazy app. Also not able to remove and replace with available contacts apps.  
So basically this really cant be used as a phone with this issue! There has been no response from any Lenovo support on any forum to this issue  
Battery takes longer to charge and quicker to discharge as the days go by; again seems a common problem 
Almost everyone seems to rate this phone the day they get it! Why no reviews after using for a cpl of months, which would be a better indicator of real performance 
 When talking about 15 to 20 minutes it will heated, not happy with this item. 
 I am frequent buyer of Mobiles from Flipkart and had a great experience but after purchasing this product I must say its was an horrible experience .I gifted this mobile to my father . After a week he told me that the mobile hangs. I too checked it and after 10 minutes of usage its showing 300 mb free and started lagging .There is nothing been installed apart from whatsapp and 2 to 3 apps . 
I feel so embarrassed , how company like Lenovo is fooling customers by showing 2 GB RAM and only giving around 600Mb to 700Mb for practical usage 
This mobile sucks as performance wise. Also while talking sometimes the volume of the mic is reduced and after sometime its gets corrected automatically . 
I will not suggest this mobile to anyone. 
 Pathetic performance.
Hangs every now and then.
Camera quality is below par.
Lots of bugs 
 I purchased 9999/- rs Lenova K3 note but did not get Ear Phone with this. where would I go to purchase ear phone. It should be with phone it self. Ear phone is an essential part of the cell phone. 
 very bad phone lenovo k3 note .its major problem is when we use internet then phone will hot. it is not full HD. its camera is low. this is not 13MP as compare to micromax.
at this price micromax camera is better then lenovo k2 note.
vedio quality also low compare to samsung or mitouch very slowwww
hurrrrr 
 HI ALL,
I purchased K3 note phone with lot of expectations after long wait. 
Thought phone configurations are good but phone is not working as expected. 
Performance is very poor and it is lagging all the time.
Most worst part is touch is very bad and pathetic. After clicking on app , it opens very slow. 
It is waste of money ..please look for other options within same budget. 
Thanks , Hope it helps for others!! 
 THIS IS LENOVA NOTE K-3 MOBILE IS VERY PROBLEMATIK MOBILE, THIS MOBILE MEAUSRE PROBLEM IS BATTORY PRB, MOBILE NETWORK PRB, AD MOST PRB IS BATTRY 
 Phone won't started after reset. Its really huge disepointment having this type of issue within one month of purchase of phone. 
 WIFI is not getting connected for this k3 note. other than that this phone is worth for money.
Display is good and camera also fine. Only main issue is the wifi problem. 
 Cons:
1. Dialler takes to long to open. It becomes irritating to wait for the dialer to respond when you want to make urgent calls.
2. Battery life is average.
3. Only 1 GB Ram is actually available for use because the other 1 GB RAM is used by the Operating System
4. Not very good for playing heavy games. There is sluggishness.
5. It heats a little bit. 
6. SAR value is very high
7. Plastics used are not of very good quality.
8. Screen is not protected by gorilla glass. You have to shell out extra money to secure your screen by purchasing tempered glass.
9. Though it is 4G phone yet there is no provision in the dialler to make video calls.
10. No Gorilla Glass or protection available. I dropped it and broke my screen, now the replacement cost is 5000 bucks.  
Pros:
1. Display quality is very good
2. Camera quality is also good in daylight. Selfie camera is capable of taking good selfies,
3. Dolby sound system performs well
4.Price is less 
PS: My 1 GB Ram phone of XOLO q700 performs much faster than this 2GB RAM phone. Its performance is below average in terms of performance. The dialler may sometime take as long as 3-4 minutes to open which is annoying. The only thing which is esceptional is the display quality.   
 Poor camera quality. 
It does not have any Gorilla glass protection.
No headphones.
heat and draining the battery. while calling it will heat within 2 minutes.   
 Heating!!!!!!! 
Its hanging a lot with 2 gb .....it really sucks.....
Some times not responding
It has an amazing camera quality! For 10k ....its only an option 
 Recently i bought this product, features are good but too much heat problem is there.Don't buy this one opt for those product sar value is less. 
 great phone with 2 gb ram, 16gb rom, 13 mp back and 5 mp front autofocus camera. camera software takes 3-5 sec ( LAG ) with screen started hanging. touch senstivity decreasing . gallery wont allow to make folders, cant shift pics from one folder to other directly from gallery folders. you cant assess size of folder as the property option for the folder is not there. yes phone heats on 10-15 min regular use. display is definitely inferior to samsung. 
 I took this phone. This is west of money. I feel so many issues with this phone. I suggest you guys and girls plz dont buy this product 
 Not happy with phone performance, after 10 to 15 call outgoing voice is not working i.e opposite person is unable to listen my voice. i switch off my device 3 to 4 times but still facing same problem. 
 heatting problem.... 
battey not bad but not good also,, its 50/50.
pucture quality excellent....
2 out of 5 star 
 its just 1 month that i bought this phone, and it has already started hanging, i dont know how will i cope up with this issue. 
 Its one of the best phone under 10k. 
pros :
1. very smooth and quite fast for its price
2. camera is decent.
3. display is also very clear.
4. I don't experience any heating issue. 
cons:
1. many unwanted applications are preinstalled ( you can remove them)
2. charging is not that fast. 
Guys if you compare with phones like galaxy s6 and other high end phones, you will find many shortcomings. but remember that the phone is under rs 10k 
 I bought my K3 note two months ago, after doing a lot of research and reading nearly all the user reviews on the internet. I was worried about the SAR value which is quite higher than my old Xperia.  
Here are my observations: 
1) The phone heats up a little when I click pictures but the phone as such does not slow down. 
2) You will need a new screen guard because the one that comes with it is a dirt and finger print magnet. 
3) There are some irritating apps that you cannot delete like SYNCit etc, you can only disable them. If you're a techy you probably can fix this :/ 
4) I had to download an MP3 player as there is just a video player on the phone. 
5) The camera is not great, unless you are in daylight. You can fix that by downloading a camera app with filters and better settings, as I did.  
6) I am yet to find an earphone that fits into this phone's jack. It's not compatible with my earphones that work with all other gadgets I use. 
My overall experience has been satisfactory. The phone looks good and it is fast. The sound quality is pretty decent. It is a good deal for 10k and if you have a limited budget you can go for this phone for sure. 
 This is my 1st product of Lenovo and i will make sure i will never buy any Lenovo product . i purchased this mobile after seeing the awesome specs but after using the product i realize my self that i did a mistake . please don't purchase any mobile by seeing there specs . this mobile heatup like iron box and the battery drains like quick sand . 
 Provided screen guard is of worst quality. Don't search for a user manual inside the box. It is actually within the phone.
Pros 1st. 
1. 5.5" full hd display. Believe me its an eye catcher.
2. Battery back up is also very good. 9-10 hours continous usage over wifi.
3. Ram is always free about 20% don't matter what you are doing.
4. Rear camera is awesome but just in HDR mode.
5. Front camera is quite good quality.
6. Dolby Atmos. I Have a Jbl t250si. So it is rocking me.
7. It has got a class look.
8. Both the sims support 4g at the same time. So its a plus point.
Now cons.
1. Too big screen. If you are searching for a phone which you can control by one hand, then you are in the wrong place. Because both of my hands while typing something.
2. Camera qulaity is not like 13mp. The pictures have got some noise which is easily noticeable. When you will zoom the camera to click a picture, the quality comes down more.
3. OS is too bad. It consumes a lot of internal memory and ram also.
4. Its an octa core, but believe me, its not performing upto a level of a quad core device. It will lag, the device sometimes gets slow. It still can't believe that I am using an octa core processor.
5. Gaming performance. Well, criminal case gets some lagging in my device at least. So have not installed any other game, except candy crush saga. My girlfriend plays it always without any lagging.
6. Charging takes time. More than 2 and half hour to charge it fully.
7. Too much of preinstalled apps.
8. Front camera does not have any effects. Only rear camera have some effects.
CONCLUSION - You can buy this phone as it the best phone within this range with a reputated company's name also. 
 Battery drains very fast and too much heating. better to use it as a iron box rather than as a phone.
Quality of cam is 100% good 
Hangs very fast when every I connect to wifi.
I am not sure this is problem with the Media tek processor or any other prblm.
Please dont buy this phone I am writing with heart after using of 3 months and waste of your choice if you buy this phone 
 The phone has gotten slow after using it for couple of weeks. I am not a heavy user still unable to do multitasking. There is now delay in opening any app or if I am pressing the home screen or multitasking button. 
The good part - 
- looks are good
- sleek design and light weight
- display is excellent  
 I felt like throwing the phone. 
One of the worst purchase I have made so far. 
All third class cheap components installed, poor design (Technical design) .... It even does not have proper name; Mentioned as Lenovo K3 Note, but Device Information shows: Lenovo K50a40. 
Does not updates to latest 5.1. As per service center, it has issues in Android 5.0, but does not have any lower version ... ha ha ha. 
I'm not able to set a ringtone for rings & messages. It defaults to irritating tone "Curiosity" every now and then. Despite of change, even when it shows some other tone selected, still it plays "Curiosity". Screen takes time to adjust on Auto-brightness. Heating is a major issue; you can not touch to your ears; it heats up near speaker (front). Its been to service center as its touch stopped working. I guess its because of heat that desipates on the front surface; screen & touch. 
Company boasts true, that it gives high score in processing etc, but if you happen to load any heavy games, it becomes too hot, and slows down drastically. 
GPS makes the phone very hot, and consumes battery like anything. 
At times, it slogs (becomes very slow). Even un-locking screen sometimes takes ages to unlock. 
Yes, sound is good, display is good. 
Conclusion: Don't buy Lenovo K3 Note (Lenovo K50a40)
Had to rate as 1 star ... there was no options of ZERO.  
 This mobile does not deserve 1 star. my Yureka and on7 giving far better service than this shitty one. Even my Ace duos does not hang as much as this one does. never gonna buy another Lenovo mobile.
( Naam Bade kam chote) 
 Mobile is hood till date. On the 33 day of the purchase, mobile went dead. Tried all possible ways but still not coming up. Given to service center but after 10 days still no update. 
Overall good product to use, no issues as such. 
1st time facing Lenovo service center so after few days only will be able suggest. But service center is not upto mark in initial dealing. 
 The phone gets heated up fast. They give crape solution to the problem faced, like disable apps and things like this. I have other phones also. But , it does not happen with them. MOTO G is much better performance wise. Lenovo should replace this model 
 Not satisfied with performance. 
1. Very slow charging, 
2. Low quality hardware, 
3. Poor camera quality
4. Heating issue
5. Battery drains very fast
6. Touch is not up to mark 
If you are spending 10K, go for Samsung or other brand and avoid Lenevo 
 Octa Core Processes but worse speed every time it will hang 
on typing on hike and whatup it will hang 
 its the best smartphone at this price segment. the phone feels good in hand. touch response and screen quality is awesome. however the battery life is not upto the mark. one gets 9.8 gb of internal and only 1 gb of ram can be availed. camera quality is good.speakers are also good but while connected to headphones the sound quality is just too awesome. but however there are no headphones in the box. screen guard is included in the box but there is no 4g sim. both the sims are 4g capable and memory card support upto 32 gb. one thing to note is that lenovo uses cheap hardware many internal apps such as music app callender app memo app etc are the 3rd party apps only few are of lenovo.. the phone works awesome and smooth. no lags at all. buy it dont think much.. 
 Poorest possible speed, huge lagging, enormous number of hangs, not even half a days battery life, all together makes this phone a complete shit to just throw away. 
 Came with a storm with decent spec and Huge Brand however after 3 months of usage -  
Touch is pathetic. You have to ensure you read your text or email before sending the change of the keyboard not capturing your alphabet is huge. 
Multi tasking is a challange, barely 700-800 MB remains on restarting your phone... A lot of Lenovo Bloatware which hamper multitasking. 
Battery is fairly decent but will give a full day with moderate usage, charging take over 3 hours. 
If you want to do a factory reset ensure you remove your SD else all you DATA will be lost like i lost mine and LENOVO will never expect that it is a software bug as only LENOVO is the only brand where SD card is formatted upon doing a factory reset, some special software google has given them....the will never accept/nor work on your feedback.... 
Audio is decent. 
Performance - ille poh and perfect turn off..... 
Marsh mellow will be updated when Marsh Mellow 2 will be available and they will still be trouble shooting with lollipop for K3 Note.... 
Dont waste your money with K3 Note rather pick up an ASUS Zenphone 2 Laser 550KL, same price better product and specs. 
 I purchased this phone on 4-sept. through flipkart. Phone was working pretty well till one month of purchase.I was happy with features, build and Quality.But it turned to be my nightmare after one month.Searching for service center and taking phone within 35 days of phone purchase. 
Problem:
Right Side Touch screen not working properly intermittently(Some times stop working and then start functioning well).Display sluggish. 
Lenovo service center at Hyderabad, had re-loaded to Android-software assuming the problem is with software.But the same problem still persisted. 
I again went to service center, waited in queue for half and hour, inquired fellow complainant about the problem they have in their phone.To my surprise, fellow complainant has the same problem with the phone as my phone has. 
As i am writing this, they kept phone(Sending Bangalore) for screen change and asked me to come after 3 weeks. 
Its irritating, annoying experience i have with the phone. 
I leave it to your wise choice to go for this phone or choose something else.  
 Battery performance is not good, Yes I purchased Lenovo k-3 note from flipkart on 26th September, 2015, other performance is satisfactory but it is bettery performance is not good. 
 The Flipkart service was good enough. I had no problem with that. Coming to the specs, all were excellent. But but but...When playing games(any) say suppose clash of clans.its a 2D graphic game yet the upper screen and the portion of the case where the front camera is located overheats. And the battery drains 5-10% after 10 mins of gameplay. And drains 1% every 2-3 min(normal usage). The other specifications are good. I think Lenovo should release 5.1 or above and fix these bugs,(battery and overheating) ? 
 Mobile is ok but not upto the expectation, battery is draining very fastly, not even one day max 12 hours if we keep 3G and using for calls.Camera clarity is ok 
 First of all regarding shipping, it was excellent, reached before scheduled date of delivery (Staying in Capital). Packaging was safe to avoid any damage due to mishandling during shipping. The phone box was packaged inside a cushion plastic bag which was further in-boxed into hard brown box.  
On opening the Cellphone box, the fresh items were obtained i.e. K3 Note, a Battery, a Charger, a USB cum Charging Cable, a Screen Protector and a Manual. All items were genuine product from lenovo and fresh brand new. 
Regarding Usage its good till now, Display is awesome, camera quality is good for Primary Camera, slim design, light weight, dual micro sim set, sound is good. 
Regarding biggest negative issue mentioned in other comments : I have not faced any issue of heating as of now. Slightly warmed near earpiece when using wifi thats also if u specifically try to feel it otherwise its not that much heated to be noticed. Used wifi for updating softwares which took around 1 hour and there was no overheating. Called few of my contacts and talked with them continuously for 15-20 minutes no heating observed. 
The only issue which i faced till now is fast battery drainage. From 100 % it moves to 70 % too fast (within 1 hour) than it stabilizes there (3-4 hours) and once its down to 35% then it will take just an hour of usage to be empty. (Usage involves surfing, wtsapp, facebook, video and pics browsing from gallery). 
Overall i am satisfied with the product within this price range, its providing more than enough from what we invested point of view. In the same range you will not get what it offers from good brands. You can get cellphones with same features in same range but brand will be third class. Lenovo is new for cellphones but its there in IT sector from years.  
So as we have our limited budget that's why we are opting for it : its worth to spend your money on it. I will post my next review after 1 month of usage. 
I was very much concerned about the heating issue (biggest negative comment subject in reviews ) but its not there in my set as of now. Will let you know after one month.
Battery drainage is little issue but i think all cells are having same issue: in beginning they do well but after few months its all same. 
So guys WS Retail is genuine product provider, shipping is fast, product is fresh and new (no damaged item). K3 gives you HD display and Dolby Sound, You can delete unwanted apps, customize storage memory as per your needs, no overheating (not faced till now), battery drainage bit fast on usage.  
Final words : Go for it, Don't Hesitate. 
 Ordered the product during recent big billion sale. Got it on 20.10.2015. The mobile has two major issues. It heats up a lot during use (say, 20 minutes or more) particularly when 3G/4G data is used. This is a big disadvantage considering its high SAR value of 1.59. Second issue is battery drain which might be linked to the first issue. I requested for a return/replacement. However, flipkart's return policy in respect of mobile phones is pathetic. They wanted that I first install the "smart check" app and let them remotely run the app on my phone to check my phone. I did that. However, smart check couldn't detect the issues of heating and battery drain since the phone was used for only 4 minutes during the check up process. Therefore, as per flipkart my phone is working fine without any issue and therefore doesn't qualify for replacement. 
Nowadays, flipkart's reputation is nose diving because of incidents like this. Its better not to buy from flipkart. And think twice before buying any lenovo branded mobile phone. 
 I surprised this smartphone Lenovo K3 note phone coming without headsets in the new container. Be aware of this before purchasing. (This For Your Information).  
 Good Quality and condition, faster delivery
good vendor and nice response from flipkart.
updates are given well advance,
thanks for the service , pls do keep it up.!!!!  
 Dear guys.... 
I have buy this phone last week through Flipkart. i really want to share this information to all of guys to aware everyone to know about truth about phone performance. 
First Good things..
Camera is good,
5.5 inch Display is Good 
Bad things ..
Hand sets is heating like a induction stove in normal operating condition.
its getting more heat on using of internet.
Headset is not included in delivery box - then how we can use radio or music player..totally bull shit..
battery is also drain like as normal 1500 mAh.
MAin thing RAM 2G- but its really 1 GB only. i dont know 1GB is totally gone. 
Totally its a waste of money  
 Review after one day of heavy usage :  
Pros : , Overall display & camera performance is too good. Played few games and found them to be smooth and jitter free, Touch is as smooth as velvet 
Cons : Back cover looks cheap, no earphones 
FLIPKART delivery ROCKS :) Thanks for delivering this product in less than 19 hrs of order placement. 
 I recently bought Lenovo K3 Note and I must say I AM impressed. It is the best that you could get for 10000 bucks, in fact you get much more than that. 
So far my phone's performance is wonderful; no heating problems what so ever and no lag.
Lenovo's done a pretty good job with this one.  
 I have just 3 month old hand set. Initially it was fine but now since two weeks it has started giving network reception issue. Whereever there is weak signal it is unable to talk with this phone while other phones are working normal on the same location. 
 Hi All, 
Please please don't go with this product as, from day one when i received this k3 note, it get heated while charging, while talking on phone, even i cant put on my ears for long time. Even playing games and browsing it get heated. If you compare with other device of same feature it doesn't get heated 
I am truly requesting to all please look out for any other device. From day one i am filling guilty after buying this Lenovo K3 Note. Its request to all please please please don't buy this product 
 Being a Flipkart user for so long, this is my first review.
First of all Thanks for Flipkart for delivering my mobile well before time during the busy days they said it will be delivered by 24 Oct whereas delivered on 19 Oct. Superfast delivery by Flipkart/Ekart Logistics and WS Retailer.
About my Lenevo K3 Note, its just awesome mobile as far as speed, performance, display etc. Camera during dull light may be a little problem, but in this price range it is worth enough. Battery is very good, I have been using Data Connection/WiFi and Voice calls but it last long for more than 1.5 days. With 5.5 inch screen we should rate battery for 5.
Overall Super Mobile. 
 Performance:
Overall Perforamce of the Phone is Good.
Quality:
Quality of Phone was also Good, Octa Core Processor and Slim too. 
Display:
5.5" large Display of the phone is Awesome 
Security:
Additional Security features were provided.
Internet Speed:
Internet Speed 4G is Awesome but you have to spend your money like water.(my suggestion to use internet in 3g/2g for whats app and web search) Updates will be done very fast with 4G so it drains your battery and Data too..
Camera:
Rare Camera is fine and Front cam with beautification feature is Awesome . Make you look like fair personality.
Battery:
Battery drains in 12 hrs . Charging Time is 1.5 to 2 Hrs only
Heating Problem:
Heating Problem . You cant avoid heating so Place Good Quality of Back Cover to feel less heat.
Radiation of Phone:
SR value is very high so maximum try to speak with ear phones. 
Touch PAD:
Touch was very good.
After updating software many are facing Touch Pad problem in Keyboard including me. Some time touch pad not works at all need to restart mobile.
Software:
Software Design was fine with Lolly Pop OS
There are some software bugs need to be solved by Lenova.
RAM:
Ram provided 2GB but only 600 or 800 MB avilable to user. After installing Apps it will come down to 300 or 400MB . 1.2GB of Ram was exhausted to system apps only.
Games:
you can play good Quality of Game no issues. Battery drains very fast and Phone will be getting heated up to very high temperature. (keep in Mind its not a gaming device)
Sound:
Quality of Sound is Awesome. with ATOM 
For 10000/- price i advice to go for this mobile. 
Prons are More 
and Cons are very less... 
Enjoy....  
 The phone does not seem to be like a 2 GB RAM one. Even opening a contact takes about 10 seconds! 
The camera is also very bad. Does not appear to be a 13 MP one. 
Battery very weak. Does not even last one day for normal usage with Data Connection ON.  
 a Month now and having network issues - NO NETWORK showing on my 2 SIMs, the SIMs themselves are fine as confirmed on other phones, its just that when i use the SIMs on Lenovo K3 note they just sit there with no network signal, bitterly disappointed. 
 This is nice phone with best features at Rs 10000/- .
good 5.5 inches with nice display , battery back up is good!!!
camera is good!!! 
 After 1 month of use phone started hanging, even calling is difficult, very disappointing with phone.
I am simple apps no gaming or something..  
 Initial one month you will feel its the best phone and after that the real story begins. 
There is a big issue in touch. One side of the touch doesnot work at all. 
Bought it in August after one month one side of the phone stopped working at all. Went to customer service after 18 days they gave the phone back stating the touch has been resolved. After using for next 15 days ,again the same problem arose. Today again I went to service centre and they have kept the phone for next 10 days to repair. 
Service centre is disgusting 
Similar issues faced by friends whom I only suggested in the initial one month 
Please dont WASTE your money and time on this phone 
 I am raviteja i purchased this mobile but i am facing the problem with battery charging , it completely getting down from 80 to 15% when iam using its 2hrs in net, and apps 
 My lenovo k3 note just arrived a couple of days ago. I have noticed it gets heated up near the upper part and esp the ear piece just after surfing the net for 10 min.Complete waste of money 
I used other phone in past, but did not faced this heating problem (as you service team say "it is normal one")
due to heating ear irritation problem occurs, just a call of 5-7 min heating occurs and irritation and itching in ear.  
 i can't using video call.there is no option for video call.this 3G phone but no option for video call. 
 Quite slim and light weight phone. The Battery charge is not adequate for 4G usage. Camera quality is OK or average.Regarding Speed its good. worth to buy.. 
 Pros:
Good Display
Camera is very good in day light
Good UI (better than waht i expected)
GOOD SOUND
Cons:
Camera is not so good in Low Light
Slow charging 
Phone is getting heat up within few minutes of using
NO PROTECTIVE SCREEN 
 edge distroted then lines comes on sceen even after 3mm tempered glass  
and they said no wattery for screen even its not more then 1.5 month of purchase 
what the 
 with the usage for 3 months ..........it over heats a lot for a usage for 10 mintues,either with calls,games,any thing............don't go for it   
 *****************BAD********
1) Heating problem
2)actually very low ram in use upto 400mb
3)low internal memory upto 7GB
4) LOT OF TIME REQUIRED TO CHARGE 
******************GOOD**************
1) very sensitive screen
2) Good Battery backup
3)better camera clearity
4)smooth Game play
5) NICE gesture and feature  
Very good mobile in budget..... 
must bye it..... 
 Nice to handle and to have it.Great looks with these specification, really got addicted to it, all pros from me, really a smart budget phone. 
 Performing and every thing is the BEST, except heating issue and rear camera. Lenovo should pay attention on that thing.  
 1.Unable to access contacts properly, please help some software issues.On checking last dial the contact exists and dials from there to but searching in contacts the contact cannot be found strange 
2. when i see videos or pictures they automatically get stored in my gallery / photos, videos. While in my iphone it does not and there is no option to prevent it from doing so 
 flip kart people will not stand to their return policy, they maximum try to convey, or confuse the customer with their own mother tongue. present i am using k3 note, it is not working properly- sudden call drop and low voice, sudden handing, no one take care about this. issues. customer care people will not respond properly. very bad to say. i am not satisfy with this feed back toooooooooooooo. 
 A decent phone with many good features except the below cons. 
Pros: 
Big display and great clarity  
Cons: 
Camera is embarrassing as it is being very difficult to take pic without blurry(shaky) due to high lag time.
Heating while playing games. 
If you want to have phone with good features (except camera) at low price , you can go for this   
 It is good phone for 9999, u can actually go for it. 
Pros:
Internal memory
features of the phone
sleek and stylish look 
Cons:
Camera quality can be much better
heating when using camera and games for long time  
 Unable talk using the phone while it is in 3g or 4g as it heats very much. Not able to keep the phone touching ear. If you don't have earphone with mic, you cannot use this phone for talking when it is in 3g or 4g. 
Please look for some other phone. 
Phone's main purpose is talking and if we cannot talk for few mins, then whats the use of this phone.  
 Heating problem extreme........ 
Voice drop......
Over rated phone.......
Worst product by lenevo......... 
 i will submit all of the pros and cons which i have noticed after using this phone for one and half months..
pros-
.excelent battery life
.awesome HD display
.charges fast
.very good camera quality ..both front n back.
.sleek design.
.smooth ui ..no lags even in hardcore multitasking.
cons-
.os occupies almost 5 gb of internal storage...11 gb is free..which is not bad.
.os occupies 1gb of ram.
.some hd games lag.
.too big for small hands.
.no gorilla glass.
according to my experience you must not hesitate and go for it....:) 
 The phone itself is not bad considering the specs and price.. The battery too is not bad : DO NOT BELIEVE THE BAD REVIEWS!. Unless you want to play games all day, a full charge with normal use will last through the day (on 3/4G). The display is clear and easy on the eyes and is probably the best in its price range. Another plus is the dual sim 4G facility. I can go on and on about the pros but I won't. Trust me on this : there is no other phone in this price range that can compare with the K3Note.
The CONS :
1. What is the point of enabling it with 4G without Video Calling facility which is one of the main reasons people want a 4G enabled handset in the first place?? 
2. Lenovo Care & the fragility of the handset. I dropped it to the floor from a height of about 2 feet by accident and the display conked out. I tried getting in touch with Lenovo customer care about the problem, calling and emailing them, even offering to pay for whatever costs will be incurred as there is no local service center where I live. They have not replied, even once. NOT ONCE. And according to a dealer I spoke to, LCD problems can be addressed only in Delhi. So, you can definitely buy this phone. Just pray that nothing goes wrong with the handset because there are better chances of a camel passing through the eye of a needle than Lenovo Customer care taking care of your problems or even acknowledging that you exist! 
 I'm writing this review after using the phone for about 2 months now... 
Though it has a 2GB RAM, 1GB of it is used by the OS so the actual available RAM is always around 1GB or less. The speed of the phone is not very great as it lags too often now. The quality of the camera is not too good. Battery gets discharged too fast. 
The VIBE UI is really frustrating. This phone does not have a menu option, hence you cannot have more than one icon for the same app on different home screens.  
Also, you'll have to download the Lenovo Mobile Assistant on your PC if you want to connect your phone to the PC to transfer files. Due to this, you won't be able to quickly transfer files from your phone to someone else's (say friend's) PC/Laptop. Plus, it allows you to transfer only Applications, Contacts, Messages, and Music and Videos. Uploading PDF Files (eBooks) on your phone won't be possible. 
 Review after 20 days of usage 
Flipkart delivery was as awesome as always. Ordered on 16th September 8:15 pm and got it on 18th September 9:00 am even though it showed me estimated delivery date was 23rd September . The packaging was good. 
About the phone now... 
Pros
1. Full HD display and viewing angle
2. Dolby atmos when using headphones and when using speakers it boosts the volume
3. Battery backup is good. When using wifi, it lasts for 12~13 hours. Ultimate power saving mode gives a time of 19 hours in 15% ( Real-time tested. Was in tour and forgot charger )
4. No lag still. Works good even when multiple apps are open. Multitasking is good.
5. No battery leakage like other devices which leaks battery when left for few hours.
6. Front camera is good and rear camera produces good picture when having steady hand.
7. Camera flash really lights up the place and helps in producing good images.
8. Screen guard was provided in box which is perfect fit.
9. Notification led is a rare feature which is not available in many in this price bracket
10. 0-100 charge in 2hrs 30min 
Con
1. Heating near the ear piece when 3g or 4g is on ( gets really warm )
2. Removing sim card from the slot is a bit difficult which required use of safety pin.
3. Lack of headphones in box
4. No screen protection ( had to use tempered glass )
5. Only 800~1000 mb free RAM out of 2 gb RAM 
 Guys, 
I'm writing this comments after using my Lenovo K3 mobile from 2 months ago, its really worth, all the features are working awesome and camera quality is double super (13 MP Primary Camera 5 MP Secondary Camera ) HD videos is good, With 16 GB internal storage, you can store more of your favourite photos, music and games worry-free in this Lenovo smartphone. 
While using internet on this mobile bit giving heat but never hang, Speed is good multi tasking, Battery back up is good, Dolby sound system Etc...all are working smooth and systematically.  
 The best mobile you can get for 9999 in mid-range mobile segment. No lags, neat display 
Pros: Full HD Screen
Camera 13 MP with great Quality 
Faster than any other phone 
Long Battery life
And much more 
 I had bought this Phone in August 26th Sale but due to a Dead Pixel Issue on Screen, had to get it replaced, the replacement piece arrived on September 2nd and it was just fine. 
During the delivery of first phone, the Plastic Outer package was torn, the delivery was done by "Delhivery", when asked about it the courier guy casually replied that it was how they had got it. The Inside Cardboard box was intact so did not care much about it, but overall, not satisfied by Delhivery Service and I request flipkart to look at this. The Replacement device was delivered by "EKart Logistics, packaging and delivery was nice this time around. 
I have been using this Device since a month; I have updated my device to latest 322 mb update. I would like to list the Pros and Cons as below:  
Pros:  
Fantastic Display
Value for Money
Speed while multitasking
Lenovo Software features (widetouch, smart scene etc)
slim look and light weight 
Cons:  
Gaming is very weak on this Device. I have played Dead Trigger 2 and Asphalt 8, Dead Trigger 2 was fine but asphalt 8 shows lag even in Medium setting. I somehow feel this is a software issue since the exactly same specced Sony Xperia c5 ultra dual runs all games smoothly. As of now gaming is weak but hoping Lenovo improves this by a software update.  
Camera is good in nicely lit areas but low light photography on this device is not really good. I earlier had Samsung galaxy s2 which had an 8 MP camera but used to take very better pictures compared this phone in all conditions. Also in the default 16:9 mode, only 9mp pictures are taken, it takes 13 MP pictures only in 4:3 Mode.  
Avg:  
Loudspeaker quality, Call Quality/volume, battery life and all other features are sufficient for use and you wont have any complaints. The network signal shows fewer bars than other phones in same area but it does not affect call quality in any way. In standby mode the phone barely takes any battery like 1-2% in 4 hours. I had dropped the device 4 feet from my hand on tiled floor on the 1st day itself, thankfully nothing happened. 
I feel the heating on this phone is on par with all other smart phones these days, its not too high to make you uncomfortable, all phones heat these days and this is no exception  
If you are specific about gaming and camera, I would say avoid this phone but for general usage like me with casual games it is a fantastic value for money device at Rs.10,000. I feel no other phone in this price range does things better than Lenovo k3 note. All are mediocre and K3 Note is better than others.   
 Nice Mobile friendly Fantastic upgrade in terms of brand, configuration and best value for money.Camera quality is amazing. 
 I started using the phone since 22nd September 2015. Although I must admit that this phone provides a killer configuration at this price range; yet the phone has issues. 
Positive points: 
Excellent speaker quality(both headphones and external speaker)
Good signal quality.
Good voice clarity in calls.
Games run smoothly.
Big display and sensors. 
Negative points: 
No gorilla glass.
Touch sensitivity is average.
The device gets hung up sometimes (it is noticable).
Heats up a bit while talking for sometime; but nothing unbearable. 
The battery quality is acceptable, nothing great. 
I use this phone for internet browsing, watsapp, calls(about 2 hours throughout the day), games every now and then. I listen to songs almost throughout the day.
Battery lasts from morning to evening. 
Games run without lag, no complaints here. 
LAST BUT NOT THE LEAST: colour
I bought myself the yellow variant. Colour is flashy but the body is matte and plastic. 
However in this price range this is the best you can get. 
The only phone which you get in this price range is Asus Zenphone 2; it has a slower processor but has gorilla glass.
Frankly I think looks wise this slim beauty stands out from all it's competitors in this price range. 
 An amazing device from a reputed brand. 
First of all thanks for Flipkart for the speedy processing and
timely delivery.
I am using this mobile since one week. May it not be a period for a valuation
But since now I am completely satisfied with it.
Plus and minuses in my view are following. 
Pros.
1) Amazing battery life of 1.5 days with all function usages.
2) Lightning fast processor and OS with true octacore processor.
3) Brilliant HD display.
4) Light weight and slim to handle.
5) Both 2 GBRam and 16 GBRom are enough to work.
6) Presentable overall outlook to hold. 
Cons. 
1) Little bit heating at long usage with games n surfing
2) Screen guard supplied with is not good.
3) No suitable handsfree is attached
4) Camera not produces a 13 MP quality even it swallows 3 MB/snap
5) No Gorrilla or Dragontrail glass (Can solve with tempered glass screen in market) 
But the cons are reasonable as they all are solvable.
I am strongly recommending this handset to anybody.
Never go after daamdoom mobile brands.
Remember LENOVO is a great brand and they will never play with
their quality and name.
I will give 5 stars for Lenovo K3 Note.
It will give full worth to your currency notes  
 Just rupees 9999 and get this amazing smart phone its unbelievable .It have great display and battery is also good.apps and hardy game is smoothly run.two sim card are 4g but 3g speed is very good.No hitting problem.Phone design is looking very good. But charging time its long (4 to 5 hours) and loud speaker sound quality is not satisfy me. but I'm happy with this product. 
 A 5.5" smartphone with specs to be proud of and weight is just 140 g! I mean its awesome for handling, great UI, lag free, apart from the 13MP cam and 5 MP cam for selfie lovers like me! Its totally worth the 10k bucks that it costs and worth recommendation for everyone looking for a bigger screen phone with cool specs..  
Big thumbs up if you bought it! Hurry up because the stock might soon become "Coming Soon" :) 
 I had received a defective product at the first time the screen had an issue so I requested for replacement and believe me they took almost a month for the same...
coming to the phone ...guys it's absolute value for money in this price range...may that be gaming ,camera ,battery life for normal usage....lot of people talking about the heating issue here but believe me the phone doesn't heat up compared to the yureka yu,yu plus ,etc.Also people hear worried about SAR value well let me tell you guys the SAR value mentioned is in terms of US standard for more details just watch a video on youtube 
pros:
1)1080p screen
2)good front and rear camera
3)good battery backup and optimization options
4)Dolby atmos is the feature which is unique i guess.
bla bla ...yet to discover more
cons:
1)the screen gets finger print marks too thus you have to clean the screen every now and then .
2)No gorilla glass.
Overall the phone is worth buying. 
 I have order the mobile in july. Last two months worked without any issue.
I faced only main problem is heating for last two months.
Suddenly another problem occurs in my screen. Screen was dead.
Finally in 2 months my mobile come to end.
I am not ready to give 1 star for this. but 0 star not available. :(
Dont buy this mobile.
Flipkart i am trusting your site. Dont sell quality less product.   
 i purchased lenovo k3 note one month ago .it had compatibility problem with given softwares. on opening heavy apps it hangs and doesnt respond for some time . due to this i reset the phone two times.. 
 Several problem in this phone.When you connect internet using 4G its just not working for few minutes..Just a Bad product form Lenovo... 
 I BROUGHT THIS PHONE IN LAST MONTHS BUT AS ITS ADVERTISED LIKE A GOOD PHONE , BUT MY EXPERIENCE IS BAD THIS PHONE HANGS MANY TIMES DURING USE, ALSO IF CALL COMES IN SECOND SIM & YOU WANT PIC DURING A FIRST SIM CALL YOU CAN'T & MASSAGE IS THERE UNABLE TO SWITCH CALL ALSO MANY MORE ISSUE LIKE IN ONLY ONE MONTHS USE BATTERY CHARGING PROBLEM SO I FEEL THIS WAS BAD DECISION 
& NEVER SUGGEST TO BUY ANYONE. 
 I am using this mobile for last 1.5 months. there is nothing great about this phone except for battery backup.
the other features like processor, speed , response is average. Camera is most horrible component of this mobile. it's 13mp camera is not more than just junk , you will never get a sturdy photo. 
may be a simple mobile from MI would be better option.. please do not waste your money on this crap. 
 1. Touch is hardly working (bought it 2 months back) 
2. mobile slows down suddenly. 
3. Black lines are appearing on screen , just like on TV. 
4. Accessorizes are not available on best prices. 
 I HAVE USED THIS PHONE
THIS IS A VERY BEST PHONE EVER I HAVE USED ANOTHER MOBILE PHONES LIKE SAMSUNG, NOKIA, XIOMI ETC. 
 Ordered on 26th aug received on 31 aug 
Product received in good condition. Overall Good delivery. 
Coming to product 
Pros 
1.Killer Value for money.(Miles better than any phone in price segment.Can compete with flagships)
2.Killer display (display looks very crisp n clear, Sunlight viewing is also good )
3.Killer Performance (No Heating issues n lags for me performs with ease)
4.Killer Battery Back-up (I am a moderate user and it really last long up to 1-2 days) 
5.Better than all Smile on my face while using the mobile. 
Cons 
1.No Protective glass. 
2.Package contains no ear phones. Thats it 
So its better to have Tempered Glass. 
Verdict 
Best phone at this price point. 
 I bought this mobile last month and its been just 34 days and the battery is down in 4-5 hrs . my usage is minimum still the battery just last. 
 Phone is good for average use. If you are a gamer don't buy this phone . It has major heating issue.
Camera is good, but in low light it gives average performance 
 I was purchased one month back, all the things and features is very good. But only battering heating is a problem 
 The Lenovo K3 note is good phone with required specs at 9999/-. 
Pros: Ocatcore, 2GB RAM, 16GB expandable upto 32GB, Anroid version Lollipop, Camera 13MP & 5MP (quality is good) 
Concerns: 
The UI is not user friendly, need to explore a lot.
Body is little bit thin, definitely need to add a back cover to safeguard the mobile.
RAM availability is nearly 900 to 1000 MB, the mobile is taking a lot of RAM.
Felt heating as usual but ok , we can manage. 
Overall a good phone at this price tag but not great. 
 K3 note is really very good mobile battery also good camera clarity little low but good. very easy to use. 
 Adv:
-Clarity
-Touch feel 
- Camera quality is clear 
Dis-Adv
- Battery recharge take more than 3hrs from 0 level
- More than 2 email account crashes occasionally.
- Battery back up is not to the expectation with 3000mah
- Camera output color is not matching to the exact color. 
 I purchased on day1 launch and received phone next day. 
I am very much satisfied with this phone. The phone works really well with good speed of RAM and processor. It never hangs for last 2 months. Handy and lightweight. Display and Camera quality is awesome with 401 ppi. Speaker quality is also good. Dolby effects sounds excellent - Good to watch hollywood movies with theatrical effect takes you to the different world. Battery backup is also good, stands for 1 day with average usage. 
The only cons is loss of Gorilla Glass, Else worth buying and incomparable with any brand at this price... 
 This phone is worth of its price and is very good, but battery back up is the problem only for those who continuously will be on call. for a normal use it lasts for two days. 
 hi every one k3 is awesome mobile touch response is very sharp and smooth and heavy graphics advanced futures in this price range mobile but heating problem is disoppointed me but heating issue is solve in service center can u visit your nearest lenovo authorised center and update u r mobile os so one of care in secunderabad sri sai cumminications 1 st floor shop no 26, hardy complex m.g. roadopp chermas, secunderabad 500003, so guys i think my advice is very help full who is suffering frm heating problem this mobile thank u 
 Over all it is a good product in this price tag. Selfie camera is very good.Back camera is not so good it is average. 
 using since month and a good phone found in long run with adequate battery life.
faster easier and advanced technology 
 I have been using this phone since 8 days. I am satisfied a phone 10 k with the features it gives. Camera quality both front & back is superb. flash also give good result. My phone do not heat. battery last for more than 30 hours while using normal internet applications.  
You will enjoy watching movies as the colour combinations is so good that it gives good picture quality.
 A limitation is that there is no inbuilt application of music player. i have downloaded it from play store. 
Overall i am happy to have it. 
i recommend this phone if you want a budgeted device for clicking pics, listen music. etc. 
 I ordered the K3 note with many good expectations even though some of my friends also had a touch pad issue with the phone. The order arrived on time. But the touch pad was not working properly. This was very frustrating. I called to return the product and a "product specialist" called me. He asked me to go for a system update and told me that this would resolve the issue and he hung up even before the system update was complete. After the system update was complete, i still had the touch pad issue. By this time, Flipkart had rejected my return! I had to re-open the case again and another person called me during my office hours to check on my issue. I had already wasted 1 hour time dealing with flipkart by now. This product specialist then checked the phone through the system check app and saw that the touch pad was indeed not working and agreed for the return. The rest of the features seemed to be OK during my short experience with K3 note. But without touch pad i was not able to do much!! Anyway now i will not buy a lenovo product again and would not recommend it. 
 I bought this phone during per-launch. within a months time it started showing a teeth. as usual what other China phones usually. Phone get stuck more often even though no heavy application used in background nor installed on your phone. 
Within a month's time - Touch screen gone (it is the most common issue for most of the users- pls review the feedback in other common site as well). 
When i went to service center, they told it is common for this phone. coz it is a china make. and parts are not quality one. will get it replaced within 7/14 days of time. but Service center guys treat you like hell.  
I had totally worst experience with this phone as well as support. pls think twice before buying this phone.  
Total waste for money (10k).  
 Its a very Bad product provided by flipkart.
There are a no. of issues in this mobile:
1. Heating problem: Mobile got heated while shooting a picture, while talking, while watching even a small video of 1 or 2 MB.
2. Ram is provided 2 GB but we can use only 500 MB or less
3. Battery is the worst item in this mobile. You will get full charge in an hour, but also get discharge in 1 or 2 hour.
4. When complain the customer care, you will be given advises which will not work. being a non technical, you dont kow whether you should modify the settings as directed or not. 
So in short buying this mobile is similar as buying a scrap. 
 My ever worst experience with Flipkart is this. I have purchased Lenovo K3 note with its promising and convincing specification @ Rs. 10K. When I actually received the product in hand and used for 3-4 days, I noticed that it has a major heating issue. Even if I talk on the phone for 2 to 5 mins, it heats badly and it is very difficult to place near to your face. When I charge the phone, even then it heats a lot. I am afraid of happening something bad with its extreme heating. Frankly speaking, I fear of its blast every minute 
 K3 note is killer phone compare to the other phone.Best phone that Range 9999 and super features.
Camera quality great,Faster for other phone and much more 
Best phone to buy today don't miss next sell:-) 
 Pretty happy with it, nice to use and feature rich device but there is a problem with its High SAR value but I use the earphones mostly so it's ok for me. 
 Dear friends,
I am using this phone for the last five day and satisfied with the device if anyone compare with Samsung & Super Amoled screen then dont go with this product.
Delivery of product is very much satisfactory by ekart, flipkart courier partner. I received my product. Within 5 day.
lenevo should provide headphone to customer.
1. DISPLAY  8/10
2. SOUND  8/10
3. RAM- 6/10
4. PROCESSOR :- 6/10
5. CAMERA :- 8/10
6. BATTERY :- 7/10  
 I am not sure if this is happening only to me or for others as well. When I take a selfie, its appearing like a mirror image and not how it is supposed to appear. Is there any setting changes that needs to be made. The camera quality is not that great...I bought 2 phone and have same issues with both phones 
 was waiting for this phone from long time...luckily got the phone at the time of Fk sale.... writing review after using the phone for 4 months ... 
Pros:
performance
display
dolby sound
alot of additional features(screen off gestures , quick snap , double tap to wake-up screen , etc )
5.5" screen , but still its handy 
very light weight
trendy looks 
N haan best service provided by FLIPKART ..... 
 I was expecting this phone to be launched and brought on first flash sale. The phone has got all the latest features. Something i like of this phone is voice quality, speed,display, rear camera. though its dolby atmos it wont make much impact as desired for music listeners.
Received two update since purchase and phone is doing good. Coming to battery it will last for 1 day on mixed usage and if 4g enabled then u got to charge twice in a day. The processor heats up a bit under 4g usage can easily feel the heat. Bottom line great phone for professionals. 
 hi friends i used this Lenovo K3 Note from last 30 days.its overall performance is very good and it give more battery backup , display is good , touch is good and sound quality is better with Dolby sound system .the software and playing game performance is nice no heating problem, light weight,nice specifications.very attractive and value for money phone.
finally it is awesome phone amazing camera quality and so much.... 
 it is wirst phone having lot of hardware problems, frequenly hanging don't buy it 
it is wirst phone having lot of hardware problems, frequenly hanging don't buy it it is wirst phone having lot of hardware problems, frequenly hanging don't buy it it is wirst phone having lot of hardware problems, frequenly hanging don't buy it 
 the features are good. But there are software bugs. rarely headlight turns on in pocket. sometimes hangs . alarm doesn't ring in silent mode. Once I needed to remove battery and place it again, because it was not switching 'on' after charging. 
 opened the packet, power ON the phone, followed the setting (on screen) instructions.......1) language setting........2) date format setting..........3) set up the google account.........that's it and the phone temperature started rising. All this happened within 10 minutes. 
It was heating so much that I could feel the heat on my palm. I then power OFF the phone. 
After couple of hours power ON the phone again and inserted the SIM and SD card and browsed the internet (wi-fi) on chrome for 10-15 minutes but again it started heating so much that I could not hold it near to my ear. 
Flipkart did the troubleshooting with SmartChk app but it did not solve the problem and agreed to refund because same product was out of stock. But they CR the amount to their wallet for which I had to call them again for refund to original mode of payment. 
 the phone heats up a lot . the 13 Mp camera is like 3 MP very bad pic quality .. the battery also sucks.Touch is not good , it should be more sensetive . 
 This phone is amazing and its performance is upto the expectation.I received the mobile a week before. camera is so good in day light but lags in darkness.there is no heating while charging and while using the phone.Battery backup is so good.HD screen provides good entertainment. 
 i bought this mobile 4 days back and this mobile is pretty awesome in my hands and its very good handset i mid segment category... camera performance is bit average but worth more than other below 15000k mobiles... This mobile is a great boon for music lovers... such a fantastic experience with DOLBY ATMOS. (especially in headphones). Speed is good and little bit laggy at rare cases. Display is nice... battery is average on heavy usage it lasts 6 hours on continuous 3G and other gaming stuffs. heating is like all other mobiles... no overheating issue... looks like premium... default UI is not so good anyhow it customised it. there are lots of inbuilt options such as touch to wake screen, off screen gestures 
(limited to two apps only), automatic answering the calls when placed in ears and so many of them... ATLAST its a power packed mobile and its definitely worth buying for 10k. 
 This is the best phone I have ever bought. I have searched that it will even get Android M update. Killer battery , camera, display, performance. The features are so good that Lenovo could even put the tag of minimum 15,000 
 Camera is not up to the mark, although the rear camera is of 13 megapixel but the result of the same is like 5 megapixel.
Talking about front camera which is of 5 megapixel that should be enough for talking selfies but the result of the same is like less than 2 megapixel.
Also after paying Rs. 9999 I'm not getting earphone what a bullshit.
And why the hell system RAM occupies 1.25 gb which makes phone like 1 gb phone. 
 Flipkart delivery was good & before time. Thanks for it to flipkart. After a long search of smartphone which exactly fulfill my need, I decided to buy LENOVO K3 Note. Now I fill my decision was correct. 
The points I liked with this product:-
1- Its a 5.5 inch device which perfectly fits in my pocket like 5 inch. Very comfortable & portable to handle in palm & in pocket.
2- A noticeable thing is, its super, grand surround Dolby sound, which impress me. Sound is good, clear & louder.
3- Camera is good with flash & HDR on. nice shot & recording with HD
4- 2900Mah Battary lasts for 1 & half day with normal use.
5- Processing fast & no lagging in every function. 
6- 2 separate sim slot & a separate memory slot. not like only 1 slot for either memory or sim. 
over all value for money
Thanks to Lenovo & flipkart 
 Other reviews on tech blogs seem to overpraise this phone a little. Slight lag on some heavy games. Can't say too much here cause I'm not much of a smartphone gamer. Battery backup has been great till now. Speakers are a little soft. Audio output is amazing, provided you have decent earphones. Front camera is superb for still photographs, although, every time I use the stock camera app, the display shifts to maximum brightness, and there's no option to turn it off, which is plain weird. The assisted focus is a little faulty. If you're shooting something that's very close to the camera, or if you're looking for some focal-depth effects, you'll notice that it takes quite a while to focus properly. Video recording is average, with huge file size if you're recording at 1080p. Front camera is great for selfies and stuff. The phone is really light. Like, really really lightweight. The display is amazingly good, with rich but not oversaturated colours. Movie viewing experience on this phone is amazing. I think I'm overusing the word 'amazing' a little but its honest when I do use it. The minimum brightness is pretty low, which is good because I read a lot of ebooks at night in darkness. Overall, its a great budget phone for day to day regular use. It ships with a regular screenguard, charger, data cable, the manual, warranty paper, but NO earphones. I'm really waiting for the Lollipop camera 2 API update for this device, cause it has support for proper manual focus. 
 i have got this mobile looking at reviews and specification. i felt its good under 10k, but its very worst than basic android mobiles. look wise it was good but it has heating problem. also it will not recognize the network/wifi. it also gets hangs when ever i start playing games. camera is very worst then ever seen i feel picture are not work for 2 MP too. zoon doesn't work properly. when you click photos you can see only small grains in it. as far as clarity of screen is good. but i don't recommend this phone for anyone to buy. 
 umm..well I'm using K3 since a month now..below are my observations; 
Benefits of the phone:
Long lasting battery
Light weight 
Wide screen, ideal for watching movies/videos while travelling
rear camera picture quality is superb
front camera is average
Price 10K..is like easily affordable 
Drawbacks:
size very large to keep in jeans pocket
battery charging takes a long time 
Overall a good phone..must buy for 10K.. 
thanks flipkart/WS Retail 
 I have been using this phone for a week now. This is what I feel: 
Pros
1. Excellent display
2. Smooth, lag free performance
3. Decent camera
4. Good software integration- Android 5.0
5. Lenovo's brand value 
Cons:
1. Charging takes a lot of time. No quickcharge
2. Battery backup could have been better. It drains fast. I have used the Lenovo A7000 before, and its battery backup is definitely better. 
Overall, a good phone which provides value for money. Highly recommended. 
 I have been using this Note for a few days. It is an amazing product. A worthy product within 10K range. 
Pros:
* 13MP Primary camera gives you a good clarity pictures.
* 2GB RAM with 1.7 GHz Processor provides the fastest operations.
* 5.5" Screen provides the feel of watching pictures in a TV. Suitable for high graphic gaming.
* Amazing Sound Quality with Dolby Atom.
* Good User Interface.
* Light weight. 
Cons:
* A little bit difficult in using connectivity features like Bluetooth & WiFi. Some times it shows no range when we are just near the Wifi Hotspot.
* Getting a little bit heat while using for long.
* Contains no Earphone along with this Note. 
Considering all these i recommend the buyers, not to think before you buy this. 
 Review after 2 months of using both Lenovo K3 note and Moto G3.. After i started using them, i am satisfied with both the mobiles. I will compare both the devices along with clarifying some very negative reviews about Lenovo K3 note. 
1. No heating issue for Lenovo K3 note: I read several reviews that Lenovo has heating issues. But it gets only warm(no heating like iron) when we play games for more than 15 minutes with charger on/ surf web for 20+ minutes. It gets warm sometimes. But it is very comfortable to hold. Here Moto G3 has upper hand. Almost negligible warming. If you are worried about mobile heating close your eyes and buy Moto G3. 
2. Poor Front Camera : For lenovo k3 back camera is acceptable in both low light and daylight. But front camera under low light is pathetic. It is almost like VGA. I think Moto G3 again has advantage over Lenovo. 
3. High SAR values will cause health problems: Even on DoT website it is written that anything less than 1.6 W/Kg is acceptable in India. And in India government already follows very low permissible limit as compared to developed countries. So even if it is 1.59 W/Kg it is safe. Secondly there is no scientific evidence of higher SAR causing Headache/cancer. It is written on DoT website. So those who do not want to die early please do not eat pizza, noodles, burger. You can use Lenovo K3 note. Still if you are worried about SAR buy Moto G3 and save your life for Rs.13000. 
4. Lenovo has good sound/call quality. It catches network very easily. Even better than my Moto G3. So for all those whose prominent work on mobile is surfing/listening music, I would recommend Lenovo. (Please don't go gaga over Stock Android experience.) Vibe UI is very smooth and you will not feel any difference between Android 5.0 and 5.1.1. Only those who use stock android through their life cry about 5.0 and 5..1.1. Secondly both Moto G3 and Lenovo K3 will get Android 6.0 in future. Maybe Moto will get 3 months early.  
5.Both are very comfortable to hold. Those who like larger mobile screens will love Lenovo as it gives full HD display. Otherwise Moto G3 is better if you like smaller screen. Because of excellent Build quality of Moto G3 , it is better here. 
6. Moto G3 does not have replaceable battery. If you are looking to use it for 2-3 years without any battery worries i think Lenovo is a better bet. Beside all the optimization done in Moto G3 i am not sure what will happen to its battery after 1 year.(especially if you are a heavy user of mobile) 
7. Moto G3 is water resistant. But please don't buy it only on this criteria unless and until you live in a Mumbai or Cherrapunji like climate. If we strip Moto G3 of this feature, it looses almost 25% advantage over Lenovo K3 note. 
8. Lenovo k3 note does not have Corning Gorilla Glass 3. This is my biggest worry when it comes to Lenovo K3 note. If you need this protection, Moto G3 is your choice. 
9.As far as gaming is concerned i think both are almost same. For casual and moderate users, both are good. If you are a serious gamer, choose Moto g3. 
10. Video : Lenovo K3 is better when it comes to play videos. The full HD display is better than 720p of Moto G3. 
Finally i would like to say that, if you need a mobile within 10K range please pick one between Lenovo K3 and Asus Zenfone 2 laser. Both mobile will easily last for 3 years considering we keep it safe. We can also replace the battery of Lenovo K3 note and Asus. 
But if you want to spend upto 14-15K , Moto G3 is best bet at present. But i am still worried about its battery backup after 1 year of heavy uses... 
 i like the display quality is awesome with full hd but it lacks gorilla glass protection.......sound quality is awesome with dolby atmos........camera is very good rear 13mp and front 5mp also.........vibe ui is awesome with secure zone management but when u scroll pages it lags sometimes.....the multitasking is not good....it lags many times........ram management is very poor...u'll have only 500-600mb free after latest 85mb update.....after latest update nothing improvement.................gaming experience is very poor.....and the back cover is very thin and also some applications are not installing,.........that's too bad experience 
 I am commenting after 20 Days of my purchase . I am sure you will never regret , go for it.
I want to comment on only 2 issues (Battery Back up and Heating Issue) .
I was worried about Battery - but it is long lasting I have used 37 hrs without charging.
I talk usually 2 hrs daily, 
Net with nominal use of over wifi, 
Surfing a lot. 
But with very nominal gaming. 
I compare it with Micromax YU Yureka . Lenovo is far better. 
10 out of 10 
1- Heating Issues  I am telling you my Lenovo K3 is not at all heating up, I dont about others why they are commenting for heating issue. Again I can say for me Zero heating.
09 out of 10.  
 This device gave everything we could think of in higher priced products...The screen quality is amazing.so is its dolby sound...if the battery had a better life it would have been the best phone to buy....it drains so fast because of the full HD screen i suppose...no point charging the device twice a day... 
But buy this if you dont mind charging as other features are mind blowing... 
 Head set not provided. It supposed to be as spending 10000 Rs for the set. Even a mobile range between 2500 to 5000, all provide the head phone. 
 Best service given by flipkart. Got the mobile within 1 week. Great work, hope to get great benefits in future also. This is the fas best mobile in 10,000 category. Pre-installed apps are great and no issues of over-heating and lagging. Camera is superb. 
 This is by far the worst phone i have ever used. Worked fine the first few days, then the glitches started. Well, we have to be sure of one thing, no technology ever comes cheap at first. So, if its is coming cheap , then there is definitely amiss in it. So , here's a few:
1. Gets heated like an induction cooker & the SAR value is 1.58. 
2. Not even one call gets connected soon. I have to restart it after switching off wifi & cellular data.  
these two are enough to hate this piece of junk. Please do no buy it. There is nothing wrong with buying on flipkart, those guys are amazing with the delivery & everything. But this piece is absolute waste of money. I really want to kick that stupid engineer who designed this junk. Kudos idiot, you just have one more guy who added you to his hate list. 
 i bought this mob.
main problrms are heating,battery back up is very low,incoming voice call is not clear or natural 
i have retuned this mob.other feature are good. a k singh
lucknow 
 more heat while calling and charging.. 
night mode camera not effective..  
Dolby sound is too good... 
 I am using this mobile box from the last 1 month... i am happy with the display and camera of the of the mobile.. its super but the mobile is heating like a iron box while gaming,playing videos and calling more than 10-15 mints ... that's too bad.. 
 It is a great phone. The configuration is really good. There is nothing close to this for below 10K. Storage, and resolution are good. I expected better speed. It hangs a lot for a second or two, even while typing. I find it unacceptable for Octacore 1.7 Ghz I do not use any heavy apps. 
 Features found to be good. But i found Wifi connectivity problem in phone.
Phone also getting heating.  
 I bought this phone on 19th August(Wednesday) flash sale, and I was worried about all negative reviews given on flipkart, but only till the time it was delivered on 23rd August(Sunday). 
Lenovo has unbelievably done its job and I am pretty much satisfied with this phone. 
Pros:
Looks Premium Smartphone
Decent speed and performance
Vibe UI
Really Good Camera
Dolby Atmos makes sound experience rich
1920x1080 screen is just amazing
Super Power saver mode (Allowing your phone to become walky-talky, can be used just for calls and messages, which can help battery last for couple of days or may be even more)
The White/Black/Yellow back panel (not back cover but back panel which protects battery) is available on another reputed online shopping site for just Rs. 699/-
You may consider buying another back panel, just in case the original one gets scratches/broken 
Cons:
fewer lags are experienced at times, since out of 2GB RAM, 1GB is ALWAYS used by Android Lollipop System and rest 1GB is available for use, out of which regular user definitly uses 500-600 MB, leaving about 300-400 MB RAM free, which drops ever lower at times, causing lags.
Battery Backup is good but not upto the expectation level for a battery of 2900mAh (it is still better than Samsung phones) 
To a great extent, the pros exceed the cons, however, if you are not too patient to deal with lag problems, I woudl suggest you either increase your patience level or your budget. 
 First of all I ordered the Product on 10th Aug (Est. Del. 20th Aug) and i received it on 27th Aug, I was tracking the product everyday and I kept telling flipkart that the product's tracking details are not getting updated since 13th Aug. Inspite of repeated queries, the Cust. Service team refused to lodge a complain and gave me a false assurance that the product will be delivered on time.
The screen guard provided in the box was bent and so couldn't be applied at all. Well i wasn't expecting a screen guard anyway.  
Cons:
1. The phone's signal drops every now and then. I'm using IDEA sim card. I verified that the signal issue is because of the phone and not the service provider with the help of my old cell phone. 
2. I'm also facing problem with WiFi connectivity. WiFi range of this phone is good but it disconnects sometimes.
3. Battery Backup is ok and Rear Camera is below average even after using HDR mode. . 4. Only 850mb out of 2GB RAM is available for use. 
5. Telephone signal receiver is below average. (If you live in a really developed area then this shouldn't be a problem)
6. Phone heats a little if using GPS/ Mobile data for more than 20 minutes. 
7. Charging cable is short! And that's Very irritating. 
Pros:
1. Front Camera is good for selfie loving people
2. OTG Support
3. No lagging
4. Nice audio and video output  
Don't go for this phone if you travel a lot. I personally faced a lot of problems in trains because of its low signal reception. Going to return it right away. 
 this phone is is not good bcz its camera and mp3 sound is very bad so plz dont purchaz this phone any body 
 all features are but with that one special effect is also there that is heating effect
than this buy a7000 
 Device heating is very very quickly and the quality of the camera is not very good it is very normal quality only. Except these two things everything is good. 
 I am facing following issue with the product:
1. WiFI not working beyond a couple of inches.
2. Getting hot too much when talking for a little longer period.
3. Battery life is poor.
Not recommended based on my uses experience. 
 The device is good but the battery back up is very poor, it takes 4 hours to completely charged and within 3 hours the battery is drained out completely with normal usage in 3G. It also have some heating issue while making call and launching light applications. 
 Lot of heat is generated even for a min call also. Ears are paining.
Please don't go with it. 
 Camera clarity is worst both 13 mp and 5mp, 13 mp looks like 2mp camera. n another features are good i m giving 1/10 for camera.... 
 I have purchased this mobile last month working superb, worth price with super specifications, don't mind about wrong reviews, go with this mobile..... 
 It's a nice and good phone though camera is bit slow but otherwise a good phone. I have used the phone for quite some time and I found the phone responsive. Though the rear camera could have been litter better as 5MP camera on Moto G performs much better than this. 
 awesome ph in this range.i using it since 1 month ,there no prblm occur till now. camera quality jst fantastic.no lag prblm,run smoothly,battery backup sufficient .overall lenovo k3 note is a better ph till now 
 Lots of pre installed apps, no one ever use the same. then why waste of memory. 
At this price 5.5 inch phone with 2 gb ram and OTG support is best.
This is just a semi smart phone, as a smart phone has still more features.
I found no major difference between A6000 plus / A7000 and K3 apart from price!!
But overall for daily use experience it is good. 
 Well I am using this phone for almost a week now. Overall this device lives upto expectations. The 1080p FHD display is quite impressive, even though the colors are not brilliantly crisp but that won't be much a trouble as for daily use, the screen performs really really impressive. There are some bloatwares though but most of them can be uninstalled. The vibe ui isn't very impressive though and eats a lot of ram. Battery backup is decent but sometimes it does decrease quite fast, especially if you are multitasking. The one of the heavy con of this device is its camera. The front 5 mp shooter works quite fine. But rear 13 mp shooter is nothing near expectation. So if you are a photography geek, don't ever buy this phone. Heating issue sometime occurs though it cools fast if you use apps like clean master. Sensors are awesome. Notification led works quite fine. But beware of scratches at it doesn't have any gorilla glass protection, so if possible use some tempered glass. The sound quality is just fabulous. Dolby atmos dominates every other damn competition in this field. So summing up, if you are a regular user and want a versatile phone with a good design, lightweight and large clear display and all this under 10k? This is the thunderbolt for you. If you are a clean photographer or heavy gamer don't opt for this phone. My rating 8/10. Even though it has a lot of cons and flaws, it manages to deliver quite a Boom. Go ahead buy it and enjoy. 
 Overall feel of the phone is good, FHD screen really works fine, battery back up is good, i am a heavy user of photo editing apps and this phone takes it all, initially i faced some lagging whilst multi tasking however its not there anymore and it works fine, 13mp rear and 5mp front shooter works pretty decent especially during day light it gives very rich photos, overall, a great phone at this price. 
 hey its a best mobile i ever seen ,, dont go on to the bad reviews its doesnt have any consequence if u buy this u get only 1 thing dats advantage .. 
if u r compare this to samsung mobile of 20000rs u will not get any difference and its much better then them .....
pro:1. fast 
 2.donot lag or hang 
 3.best in this price lne and powerful ,features r awesome
 4. looks awesome , slim , low weight 
cons:1. it doesnt have any protection like gorilla glass 
 2.it doesnot have a flip cover 
 3.it doesnot have any earphone
 4. some video didnot play in google eg. anime4you and shows video player not supported. 
 ***************it should have any protection **** i feel not comfortable with this coz it doesnt hv any protection. 
***5******really i like it very much and its non compareable .its awesome. ;) 
 i have ordered on 29th july 2015 and it comes on 10th of August but its packed very nicely by flipkart no heating issue (even with sd card) as early all says. awsome sensor and some new option menu like iphone. after all its very nice phone in budget. ***** please note that if u are talking too much this phone not suites to u due to its head sar value because its head sar value is 1.590 which is top of the indian sar limitation. 
 First of all Hats-Off to Flipkart. I ordered the phone on 19th August and Got it Delivered on 21st August. Lenovo is giving good specifications under 10K but some of the Pros and Cons that I observed are listed as follows:-
Pros:
1)Dolby Atmos is plus point and boosts the audio output.
2)The back cover gives good grip and is scratchless.
3)USB OTG is supported.
4)Good UI (Vibe UI 2.0). 
5)Both sim card slots are 4G/LTE Enabled. 
Cons:
1)Phone overheats if Medium Graphic games are played even for 15 minutes.
2)Call quality is just OKAY and other person's voice cannot be heard in Noisy environment.
3)SAR rating is very high, so if you talk a lot; this phone is definitely not for you.
4)The built quality is poor. The plastic back cover is loose from bottom and sides, whenever the phone is in hand, the sound of loose areas can be heard and felt.
5)Both the camera's are mediocre. 
6)Battery drains very fast even in standby. Though it is a 2900 mAh battery, on normal usage it would not last more than a day.
7)No Gorilla Glass protection.   
 Pros 
Good Display
Good Camera Quality
Dual SIM Slots with 4G Support on Both
Dedicated microSD Card Slot and Removable Battery
Easy to handle despite its relatively big size
Good Audio Quality
Fast Performance 
Cons 
Headset and Airtel sim missing in pack
Reflective Glass on Display (Especially under Sunlight)
Slow Shutter Speeds during HDR and Low ISO
Battery Life could be a bit better  
 Lenovo has mentioned its a 2GB RAM mobile but it works like below 1 GB.. worst experience.. the mobile even get heated upto 46 degree while using internet or on cal.. We can feel the burning sensation.. My recommendation is to not buy this mobile.. 
 I was one of the lucky few to get the priority pass for the K3 Note. Have been using the K3 Note for the last 2 days and the device just blows me away.  
Design: The first thing you notice about the phone is how light it is. It might not win awards for the best design- but it's light and comfortable to hold. The touch on the back looks feels very soft and has the feel of old thinkpad laptops 
Display: The killer feature of this phone is the Full HD 441ppi IPS display. It's a treat to watch movies, text and images on this phone. There's so much detail that's visible over my 720p screen. Also the viewing angles are excellent - thanks to the IPS screen. THe brightness and sunlight visiblity is quite remarkable. You can buy the phone for the awesome display alone. 
Touch: The touch sensitivity feels so smooth on this phone. I've used 4 android phones before and also have an ipad 2. But the touch on this phone feels better than all my previous devices. You just feel like scrolling through the pages - it's so much fun  
Camera: This is a department where Lenovo has been getting bad reviews. The intial test looks very good. It has very good color reproduction, the white balance is accurate and the normal images have a higher dynamic range. Overall in this price segment, this camera seems to offer a lot of value.  
CPU: I did not believe the reviewers claiming an antutu of 45000 and I tested it. I was surprised to get 46100. At this score, it beats the One Plus one and all other flagship devices. While benchmark is a marketing story, the real life performance also seemed pretty awesome - I came to the conclusion that the awesome touch sensitivity might be a function of this super CPU with 2GB RAM  
The battery seem to be good and it easily lasted over 1 day for average to heavy use. It comes with an expandable slot unlike Mi 4i - hence you don't have to worry about storage. You get upto 48GB of storage - 16GB + 32GB Expanable.   
 shiping was good but phone has some issue with wifi network and buletooth .I am going to retrun this . 
 Pros
Nice phone on budget of 10k bucks,
Sleeky, Nice Clearity, Great Camera,  
Cons
Heating problem, Network Dropping issue. 
 Hi, I took this mobile a month ago. After a month the right part of the screen itself stopped to work. I don't know why Lenovo is losing their brand value by manufacturing such a crap phone. Kindly avoid buying one. 
 I am not suggesting any body to purchase this phone. Its getting heated very quickly. You will not be comfortable while taking due to heat generated near your ears. It may be unhygienic also. Other features are good, but useless because talking or listening is not easy by this phone. 
 display -very bad
battery - very bad per day we need to charge more than 3 times
performance also not good,
in 2 gb ram - always 400 to 600 mb only free   
 I request everyone look for alternative product.. I couldn't speak continues heat spoiling my ear and battery drain very fast. I am using 2sims. 
 it is very average phone. Not meeting the specifications stated. 
positives: Only display is very good. 
negatives:  
RAM: though it is 2GB RAM only you will have 750MB RAM for the usage.
CAMERA: Worst part is camera. Stating it is 13MP camera, but pictures taken are not even worth for 2MP. 
front camera is bit good, but rear camera images are coming as blurred. 
flipcart is saying this is not coming under defective category and not covered by return policy. 
DATA CONNECTIVITY ISSUES: Mobile data is not connecting always. we have to restart the mobile always for the mobile data to connect.  
flipcart resolution for this is to buy new micro sim. 
i am regreting to buy this mobile than MI4I.  
 Phone is getting heat if we attend a call for just 5 min.
Phone is getting hang while playing games.
Battery is draining too fast, hardly 100% battery will drain within a day 
Better not to buy this mobile. 
 I purchased this phone almost 12 days before. Yesterday display of phone was got fade. Today it is TOTALLY dead. Phone is working in background but display is dead hence no use.
It seems product quality and hardware used to manufactures the phone is not good.
Requesting to return my money. 
 It has been more than a month since i had this lenevo k3 note. Got it in first sale and delivered on 10 july. Everything is good except for heating problem near the ear piece. It burns while talking on phone for more than 10 mins.. SO NOT RECOMMENDED to others.. I have done 17 mb, 296 mb and 86 mb updates which lenevo provided through OTA but problems exist. But hope that Lenevo will give update in order to resolve it. 
 I bought it 20days back when i got it my hand it seem pretty good while taking pictures from it and handling a high resolution screen as well as all specification from the top of the chart. but slowly i recognised its lacking in performance, touch screen doesn't work frequently etc etc. i come to the conclusion that its having Android 5.0 where it consumes 1GB as system memory from its RAM, remaining for the user so indirectly RAM is only 1GB. when i operate with few out side apps it reduces from 1GB free space to only 500mb as free space in RAM. over all its a good phone but don't expect much as an high end phone. 
 Front camera gives mirror image 
others 
Rear camera 13 MP having very poor quality pics.
Battery backup is ok
SAR value high
RAM works like 1 GB  
 Friends, I am using this phone for past 10 days & its battery backup is very good, camera quality is very very good equivalent to samsung phone quality. In every aspect this phone is working very good, but I am not able to use its OTG feature. I bought otg cable & tried to attach my pen drive but it did not detect my pen drive. May be , my cable is faulty. I will try with OTG pen drive. 
 There are many issues said in the review that heating problem is more, and camera clarity is not upto the mark. 
But with my usage i guarentee that there are no such issues. There is no such heating problem and camera issues. The clarity is perfect and the battery last for about 1 and half days. The best part of this phone is its DOLBY ATMOS sound enhancement. It really takes you to another world of music. 
Better go for it if you want the best mobile. . . . 
 My expectation was very high on this brand and model before I purchased it.But it is really a poor phone as compared to my 2 years old less featured Sony Xperia C. Now I feel ki I wasted 10K. Below mentioned few remarks on this phone really disappointing me.
1) Phone is getting hanged continuously during calls even.
2) SIM slot is poor and unable to provide a sophisticated contact area for quality calls.
3)Generating very high heat during charging and calls.
4) Touch screen is not upto level as it hangs during noral operations 
 Its awesome. Unlike other comments about this product there is no heating problem in my set during call and for information, given SAR value is maximum when we are using all frequency at a time i.e. having call while wi-fi and bluetooth are in operational mode. I think there is nothing to worry about high SAR values and yet I have not found any problem so I am really happy with my set and also with flipkart service. 
 Pros: overall look and style 
 features and specification like 4G, dual sim, etc..  
Cons: HEATING PROBLEM: yes i use phone as pnone not as gaming device but it heats up like 
 hell vch is very severe ( within 4.0- 7.0 minutes of voice calls)
 Sound quality is not good
 Camera quality is good but not as specified
 No ear phones were supplied along with the phone..SPECIAL 
 Worst phone ever - purchased 30 days ago - touch problem with the phone started - phone gets hung - heating problem - not worth the money - chasing the service people to rectify the touch problem - still yet to get fixed. 
 guys performance wise set is good ... but look and feel is very cheap the worst part is camera both the camera front facing and rear camera is so cheap even i had yu yuphoria is has much better camera than k3 yesterday i got it after half and hour i made my mind to sell it even in loss .... so guys who loves taking selfie's or pictures from rear do not buy this product at all..... even Flipkart said we cant return your product so am messed up with k3 .. worst phone of my life ,.. not handy at all also .... 
 i buy lenovo k3 note and i am facing problem that my device not show any wifi network and i replaced it and i got new device but in new device same problem is here bad phone :( 
 sound bass poor camera is not good 40 mb game not open 1 gb ram os occuiped 16gb inbult only 6 gb user 
battery not ok 
 This is simple and very good phone in this range,.... in one word its worth for prize...U can go ahed with this ph..or Wait for new launch...K5... 3:) 
 lenovo a7000 price 10650 (White) & 10250 (Blace) & K3 note 9999/-
Key Features of Lenovo A7000
5.5 inch Capacitive Touchscreen
Android v5 (Lollipop) OS
1.5 GHz MediaTek MT6752m True Octa Core Processor
Wi-Fi Enabled
5 MP Secondary Camera
8 MP Primary Camera
Dolby Atmos
Dual Standby Sim (GSM LTE)
4G (LTE) - (Cat 4) 150 Mbps HSDPA
&
Key Features of Lenovo K3 Note
Android v5 (Lollipop) OS
5.5 inch Capacitive Touchscreen
Dual Standby Sim (LTE LTE)
1.7 GHz Cortex-A53 (MediaTek MT6752 64-bit 4G LTE) Octa Core Processor
Wi-Fi Enabled
13 MP Primary Camera
5 MP Secondary Camera
Expandable Storage Capacity of 32 GB 
 lenove k3 note is really killer note but i got defected item. thanks to flipkart ........... for refund 
 Smart phone without inbuilt calling feature.......is quit embarrassing... lenovo have to work on it and provide update for that........ 
 Lenovo K3 Note :-
1. OS Android v5 (Lollipop)
2. Touchscreen 5.5 inch 
3. 4G Dual SIM
4. 1.7 GHz Cortex-A53 (MediaTek MT6752 64-bit 4G LTE) Octa Core Processor
5. FULL HD
6. 13 MP Primary Camera
7. 5 MP Secondary Camera
8. 2 GB RAM, 16 ROM 
ETC............... 
What configuration with this price. 
Full value of money. 
I will again another one buy it.  
 I have been quite satisfied with this phone. Vibrant colours making watching videos and reading books a good experience. Decent processor speed. I have not experimented much with the camera though. 
 I have been using it for 5 days now. Few things which I have noticed so far are as follows... 
1. Asphalt 8 does not run smoothly.There is a lag in it.
2. Sound quality is not that good. (3 out of 5)
3. Though in specifications RAM shown is 2GB but less than 1GB is available to us as rest is occupied by the Operating System of this phone
4. Display quality is very good (4 out of 5)
5. Camera is above average (3.5 out of 5)
6. Battery life is good but it takes lot of time to recharge. (3,5 out of 5) 
Overall I think it is worth buying.... 
 phone is very good in all fields except camera ......
but after updates battery also sucks.....
before the updates it is working really good but after that it dissapoints me....  
 you can make chapati and omelet on this phone. and very good heater. wifi is like wife .. some time it works and some times it wont. if you have lots of time to waste . than you can buy. 
 good product lenova k3 4g smart phone it works fast, good video clarity net speed and big screen It's always better 
 It is an excellent phone for this rate. It has an excellent specifications in it and also a long lasting battery life. If you need a phone for Rs 10,000 it is phone which i would recommend. 
 One of the Finest mid range phones available in Indian Market 
Better performance than any Samsung Mobile 
 This is a good phone.
I was searching for good Camera with Full HD.
The camera is really awesome.
The short cuts are good. Value for money. 
 I have recently purchased this phone & I'm enjoying with this phone its vmxamera is very nice even in low light bt the processer takes almost more than 1 gb ram bt still works soo fast 
Happy to get a very cool smartphone 
 pros:
1.display
2.performnce
3.gaming
4.rear camera
5.excellent price 
cons:
little bit heating issue  
 only headphone is missing...otherwise phone is nice.......
quality of camera is also good.....
in this price overall we can say..it's nice product. 
 delivered within 24 hours by flikart ..... 
Full HD display 1920 x 1920 pixels (~401 ppi pixel density)
2gb ram
 Processor Mediatek MT6752 Octa-core 1.7 GHz
 play all format video 
265, 264, 26L, 3G2, 3GP, 3GP2, 3GPP, ASF, AVC, AVI, BSF, DAT, DIV, DIVX, DVR-MS, FLV1, H.265, H.264, HEVC, JSV, JVT, M1V, M2P, M2T, M2TS, M2V, M4V, MK3D, MKV, MOD, MOV, MP4, MP4V, MPE, MPEG, MPG, MPV, MTS, MVC, QT, TOD, TP, TPD, TRP, TS, TTS, VC1, VOB, VRO, WM, WMV, WTV2 
play 4K UltraHD video in H.264 / H.265 
otg support 1gb to 2tb..
 no heating problem..
Light weight 150gm.. 
Camera 
 Primary 13 MP, 4128 x 3096 pixels, autofocus, dual-LED flash 
Features Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama 
Video 1080p@30fps 
Secondary 5 MP 
 It is really a killer note.
awesome performance.
I dont found any lag so far and many of them are complaining of heating issue,guys they are just making fool.
there is no any heating issue in this device.
It is the best mobile under 10000 if u are planning to buy it just go for it.
Its only companion is redmi note 2 which is yet to launch in india and even there is no expandable memory in redmi note 2.
If you have any question about this u can make comment.   
 The product features was the best at the price tag offered. 
Love the performance and the confidence that the brand give to its after sales services.
The phone works fabulous. 
Have taken 2 phones and have recommended to 4 friends that have brought this phone. 
Best phone at this price tag!!!! 
 1. BATTERY Issue:
- The battery Fits SO tight that removing it is wayyy to difficult and will scare you to death.
- Flipkart says this is an issue with not just mine but many other Devices and that the manufacturer does not support replacement for the same. : (  
2. HOME SCREEN Wallpaper goes Black
- Specially after the recent Update the Home Screen wall paper turns to Black and the Icons remain & after using the phone for a while it re-appears. Some Glitch I guess !!  
2. Battery depends upon usage and it works just fine for me !! 1-Day Max.
But I have noted that the Battery Drops suddenly from 35% to under 15% in just 2-3 Minutes many a times. 
3. Clicked a few pics from a Moving car & the pics turn out to be sharp & Crisp ! That's Good. And the Wink to click feature does work but like 2 out of 10 times. haha. May be I need Practice. 
4. Plug in iPhone 5 headphones and BOOM you will blow your mind with the crisp Quality & Dolby. Fantastic !! 
5. I occasionally get a pain around the ear if not a painful headache...noted specially after using for a tad long calls. SAR value issue may Be ??!! Not Sure but I do feel irritated. 
6. The occasional glitch where-in the "Touch to wake" doesn't respond many a times.  
Rest for the price I really have no Complaints as it has it's goods & bads both. 
Have Suggested a few people to go for it and have already sold 4 at least haha. 
Jokes Apart - It is a good deal for the price but surely has it's pluses and minuses.
- " Itne Paise Me Itna-Ech Milega! " haha !! 
* I just hope I find a way out for the battery removing issue at least cause that really scares. 
 CAMERA QUALITY IS NOT GOOD AND NOT CLEAR PICTURE AND HEAT UP PROBLEM WHEN OPERATING LONG TIME I THINK ACCORDING 
 I bought this phone on 11 aug.Delivered within two days. 
 Pros:
1.display is good
2.sound is good
3.lightweight
4.removable battery
5.scored 45000 on antutu
6.gunship battle is good at medium graphics 
 Cons:
1.phone heats while playing games
2.camera is not good(install someother camera apps from playstore)
3.screen is not scratch resistance
4.sim slots are not good. 
Thanks for reading my review. 
 awesome phone.....best phone under 10k.good battery backup..but the back cover is of very poor quality 
 Lenovo k3 note is ossum phone in this 10k I also see the review and think that I don't buy this phone and I want to cancel my order but I take patience and my phone is come and its too good to use no problem found in this phone battery life is good and also camera result is too good. No problem when I am connect my phone to Wi-Fi and its easily connect and easy to use so friends don't wait and buy this phone I am telling u my experience..... 
 while using this stuff .. in an intermediate operation its not good , iam operating it with 5 apps and 2 user (secure zone ) , its not operating smoothly .. there shows some hang problem to it ..... its dosent gives the performance of an octacore..you can see the difference while you update the face book app .. on it. if you are a harsh and hard user never select this option.... the camera is the only better thing I felt .... but its not too good .. we can expect the average level only 
 using more then 20 days no heating issue best camera and speed looks awsm full hd video and Dolby what more u expect in 9999, dont hear who say its bad its awsm and no one can beat 
 - Lenovo Speed is so good, and there is no hanging problem in the phone. 
- One problem in mobile is its camera, its camera quality is not so good, one another problem is if we click any Selfie if front of Any Alphabet backgroup, all alphabet are appear in reverse format, and there is no mirror option so we edit the photo. 
- One another problem in its battery is dischage even I not use the mobile. Company give 3000 mAh battery but it not work even one day. 
 Excellent performance. Good Clarity. Good Looking. Big Size. Nice product overall. One thing disappointed me is that there is no earphone. 
 My first impressions after 1 week of heavy use -
1...Stylish looks,feels like a premium phone
2...very light weight comparison to other flagship phones
3...a bright,crisp and beautiful display
4...killer performance,a lot of feature given by lenovo
5...camera performance is awesome,however low light pictures are avg
6...dual led flash is an advantage
7...full hd display,u cant get it any device at this range
8...best part is u got a lot of space as internal memory-16gb as well as ext memory-32gb
9...2 gb ram makes it faster and smother
10...touch is smooth
11...battery performance is avg but for normal user it wont be an issue
12...gaming performance is good but high graphics games lags some time
13...updates by lenovo is too frequent and that is a good thing
so in my opinion go for it,u wont regret it....:-) 
 i was luckiest customer to get this phone in first sale. Nw its been 1 month i am using this phone so i can comment on the product.
1. best in performance: no lag what so ever (frequently clear the RAM, dnt use any app to clean the RAM use inbuild one)
2. sound quality is pretty good, to experience dolby effect i suggest use good quality earphone i am using earphone of sony.
3. touch is excellent.
4. battery back up is superb, and gets full charge with less time as compared to other.
5. gets connected to the network on one touch, when we use mobile data. 
my suggestion is that plz use good quality back cover as it is very delicate phone to handle. 
 Pros:
The display, camera quality, battery backup and audio performance is quite good with the phone. No lag happens while doing multi tasking.
Cost effective. Good in this price range with Full HD display. 
Cons:
Charging the phone takes hell lot of time. Even after charging for 4 hours battery does not get to 100%. Also the phone gets heated while receiving the calls or making the calls. 
I do not recommend this phone. Although some branded phones like Moto G3 have slightly weaker specs the branded phones are value worthy, durable and far better than these chinese phones 
 over al its awsum phone 
cam quatity superb.
ram: out of 2gb 1 gb is for inbult apps which irritates a lot.
loook of the phone is superb
airtel4gsim is not provided with the phone.
no lag
no heating issue til now.
batery drains faster than expected.. 
 I recently ordered this product on open sale (Independence day offer) and received the product within 4 days. Now I have been using this phone for nearly a week.Here are my experience / observations. 
Good ones first:
- No heating issues while charging or using it (continuously used for about 2 hours for browsing, installing apps, exploring settings, and watching videos). Mu wife is using Moto G (3rd Gen) which heats to some notable extent while charging and extended usage.
- Battery power is sufficient enough for a full day (I am a moderate to heavy user).
- No connection drop or slowness in the internet speed (in both Wifi and Data). I have tested it in only on SIM1 as I don't have a second SIM to test 4G in SIM2.
- Display is awesome in Full HD and sound quality is also really good in both Speaker and Headphone (I use JBL headset).
- Software features like Face unlock, Gesturing (double-tap unlock, and few more), Ultra power saver, call record option etc. 
Concerns (negative side):
- Charging time is slow: Takes atleast 2.5 hrs to 3 hrs to charge from 10 to 100%
- Once at the time of rebooting, I could see 1.1mb free ram available. As we start using the apps like whatsapp, facebook, it goes down to 500mb availabililty and even after you close and refresh, you will gain back max upto 850mb. So on an average, I could see 500mb to 800mb ram being available, though it has 2GB ram which is NOT the case with Moto G (3rd Gen) or Lenovo 6000 plus (may be they weren't Full HD display)
- Once, the battery level indicator standstill at 52% for long despite the fact that I was charging thru my laptop. Then I tried charging through AC power socket but no progress shown even after 10 mins (i.e. it stood at 52% showing no progress in the battery level). I rebooted the phone and then it worked fine.
- Out of 16GB internal memory, only 9.67GB is available for users whereas Moto G (3rd Gen) offers 11.2GB for users.Pre-installed softwares couldn't be uninstalled (however could be disabled) to save more memory 
These are my few concerns but surely NOT a show stopper. I really like this phone and enjoy using it everyday. Will surely recommend this phone to my friends.  
 hy guyz its relly osme mble but after using some days is camera faild nd hanging a lot, heating from earspeker side . really .... worst plze flipkrt 1st check out quilty of product we belive on u. and u should value abt our ,money.plze Sir. 
 The phone is being used. The phone is strucking sometimes and camera quality is not upto 13 MP. The phone is not upto the specifications mentioned. It is under performing and become slow. 
 the display is brilliant but the battery is very poor and lot of heating problem. if you can compromise on these two things then go for it or else the best is huawei's honor 4x 
 Pros:
Front camera quality fantastic
Dual Sim
Easy UI
No Heating Issue so far.  
Cons:
2900 battery doesn't last for even a single day on slighly high use
Lags sometimes
Shutter Speed Slow
No Earphones in box.. 
2 Stars to FK Delivery 2 for Phone ..
J 
ust an average phone.
If ur Planning to buy a new Phone go for Redmi Note Pro. 
Still if u like lenovo u can go for this also
Value for Money,, 
 nice features.......nice phone..bt still not happy wih that..
worst image quality after crop... worst image preview.....display getting highly dim after clicking image.....which shows the bad quality of proximety sensor.... 
already using LENOVO A600 and find many times better from this.....not happy with tht product. 
 Did anyone notice the high SAR head value ? It is the highest value in the world among all phones. I bought it and feel it gives rise to headaches. That is the meaning of budget phone. Manufacturers forget the safety aspect (which happens to be the most important one) 
 Very smart and light weight mobile and also stylish look.
Cost compare to the other phones very low cost is this cell phone .
Processing fast very excellent.
small problem was piece generate the heat.
Finally it was very smart and modern cell phone.  
 not smooth touch, touch is problem and also heating problem. call voice is not clear. always voice is blank or cannot hear the clear voice to the opposite collar. i like lenovo so much. so only i bought the lenovo again. but this time i got disappointment only. 
 (Previously I used Gionee elife E6 ,Red Mi 1S)
I got the mobile in first sale itself, I tested this for almost 1 month and then decided to write review.
This is a complete review
Pros:
1.Looks: beautiful 
2.Build Quality: Premium feel, not at all looks like a budget phone
3.Handling: perfectly fits into your palm. edges not slippery ,back cover has smooth rubbery feel 
4.Display:Beautiful 1080P done its job, display is bright,colour reproduction excellent,diplay is good even under direct sunlight.(compared display of Moto G2 & Gionee elife e6 and K3 note side by side)
5.Performance:works like charm,multitasking effortless, works seamlessly, not laggy at all,lightening speed
6.Game performance:good but not excellent, on running heavy games like asphalt I occasionally noted frames missing, device becomes laggy after using it for some time and decreased responsiveness
7.Camera:back camera excellent picture quality ,bright coluors , colour reproduction is good. Picture quality is good in low light condition , picture in dark also good thanks to double Led Flash(lot of camera improvement noted after 2nd update,camera quality is good enough and justify 13 MP)I do noticed that the camera takes more seconds to focus
(Please donot expect a iphone camera quality for a 10k phone camera)
Front Camera: good justify its 5MP resolution
8.Sound: speaker sound is loud enough to hear ringtone in traffic and public places
 Ear peace volume is very good
 Dolby Atmos does its job ,noticeable audio enhancement noted with ear phones 
 Excellent job in sound 5/5
9.Call quality: call connectivity is good, voice is clear,no call drops,and other call related issues ,perfectly fine in this area
10.Connectivity:tested Wifi, works seamlessly
 3G network no complaints in this area
 Bluetooth: works flawlessly
11.Battery Life:14 hours on full brightness, 3g connectivity,and moderate call usage ,net usage
 Ok for any android mobile, 
with battery saver and tweaking like automatic brightness battery lasts upto 24 hrs
12.Rom Usage: out of 2gb ram the os eats alost 1.1GB ram user have only 900 MB left
13.Heating Issues:not much noted except playing games , can say no heating issues
14.Gestures: duuble tap to wake up works fine,and like in iphone wide gesture feature is excellent ,no need to touch your physical buttons at all.
Cons:
1.No backlit touch bottons
2.No gorilla glass protection
3.Limited themes from Lenovo theme center
4.No promise about future android updates (MTK Processor)
5.Preinstalled apps less in number but still contains bloatware
6.Low amperage charger supplied with mobile takes more time for full recharge,
Simply charge with 2 amps charger, charges quickly, tested with my Red Mi 1S charger
Verdict: I am fully satisfied with the phone,its awesome truly killer note,value for money
And I recommend simply go for it.  
 Regarding flipkart delivery
Flipkart didnt even dispatched k3 on estimated delivery date. So i had to cancel k3. My friend got in 2 days with same area, Even i bought & paid before him.
Bought it in next sale with in a day delivery so that i dont face same issue again as my previous mobile was broken. 
Regarding k3 
Full hd great display
Battery backup good even while dual sim 3g use, 1 day atleast 
Great looks and feel
Light weight 
Mobile lags when using heavy apps(obvious with mediatek processor)
On call or during charging with moderate app use or while 3g moderate use- heating issue
wifi connection is having trouble sometime
Headphone jack goes to sleep sometime, need restart
Not a strong network catcher compare to my previous 3g phone sometime data connection 
Overall product is good, compare to price tag    
Good : 
1) Great UI
2) No lags.
3) Sound quality is good.
4) Awesome display
5) Very smoothy.
6) Game performance is better than Mi4i 
Bad: 
Every thing Good expect rear camera.
1) Average camera quality.
2) No face detection features in rear camera.
3) Lot of pre installed apps. we can't remove it. 
 flipkart packing and delivery time Awesome 
two wks pack i have purchased k3 
Good performance,Good camera quality,Good battery 
totally rocks .................................................................................................... 
 heating problem in lenovo k3 note for 2 mint phone call and play musice , camera low quality picture and slow open start up , battery back up low this phone, restart problem ,,,,,,
 this problem My lenov K3 not phone ..........jise mene 15 /07/2015 me PURCHASE kiya tha jo mujhe 26/07/2015 ko mila aj date 13/08 /2015 he 15 dino me mobile ki ye halat he ,,,,,jo mene uper btai he,,,,,,,,, 
 Myself Sarath kumar from Kochi. I ordered my K3 note on Monday and flipkart delivered it on Thursday.  
I was a bit hesitant to buy lenovo because it was my first time. I started to use this product from yesterday only, it has not even become 24 hours. Usually I don't bank my time on writing reviews but this product's sheer awesomeness compelled me to do so. 
The following are the features made by fall in love with it. 
1) Amazing sound quality.  
If you use headset, you may feel like you have bought a new senheiser headset. The quality of sound improves like anything. 
2) Multitasking  
I have tested this product with about 20 apps operating at the same time. But still there isn't any sluggishness. The phone never slows down despite of all my attempts. 
3) Light weight 
The description shows 150 grams but believe me it feels like about 100 grams only. Some times I feel like it will move when my fan is in full speed! 
4) Camera 
Camera is good. I have taken few snaps yesterday. The zoom is good, zooming not reducing the quality of the pictures much. 
5) Battery 
If I charge the phone fully, I can use hotspot to share internet with my ipad for about 5 hours continuously. Meanwhile other apps runs as well. 
In nutshell this is a wonderful phone indeed. This is just a single day review, I will update again after a week.  
Thanks     
 phone is good in 10K range & even compared to phones upto 20K range.
Camera is good.
Screen resolution is awesome. 
But company should give headphones & back cover with it. 
 First of all thanks for flipkart,WS retail and ekart logistics for delivery this on 2days,
The lenovo K3 Note is a awesome phone features are good 
1.Display
2.Sound(dolby atmos)
3.battery backup
4.Speed is good for multitasking
5.COOL FEATURES(double tap fr wake up screen,scrren off gestures,quick snap etc)
many more
6.Average camera quality.
7) No face detection features in rear camera. 
But there is one problem is that lenovo don't give head set with this phone,so you have to purchase .So i requesting lenovo for add the head phone set with this box.
Rest of all nice phone. 
Thank U 
 Ordered and got the product without any issues. Delivery was within 48 hours. 
Pros:
Phone looks good and feels very light even with the 2900 Mah battery (User replaceable)
comes loaded with most of the apps required for day to day use
Have not faced any over heating issue till now
Battery lasts for minimum 24 hours with continuous 4G / Wireless use
Display is awesome and the phone is very fast. No Lag issues till now
Sound Quality is good. It's not too loud, but good quality sound. 
Cons
Rear Camera quality is just average. Doesn't feel like a 13 MP.
No headset along with the phone
Charging is relatively slow .. but acceptable (should be because of the big battery)
Comes with lots of pre-loaded apps
All these cons are negligible compared to all the Pros :-) 
Overall the phone is very good. Definitely a BUY at this price and features. 
 Phone is comparable to models like Samsung S6, Xiaomi Mi4 & One plus one. Worth investment for a Phone. You get all features what a 20K+ models offer. 
Impressed with the Camera clarity and Battery Backup. Runs easily for 15-16 hrs with 4G and full usage of music, games, videos etc.,. and More than 48 hrs without the above activities.Have heard couple of people saying the heating issues in Lenova K3, but have not yet experienced the same, else this is a worth investment 
 No headset provided. Camera is good at day light but more pixelated at nights. Battery in standby time lasts for 3 days AFAI tested. 
 Thanks to Flipkart!!Received the mobile in good packing.
Phone is just amazing.
Great camera quality.Quality of video is just amazing.Mobile is very fast.Happy with the purchase.
Worth for the money!!!!! 
 This is an initial 4 day observation NOT a long term feedback. 
I would prefer to give a short n crisp feedback. 
This is an amazing phone when it comes to pure performance which includes - 
- Battery life
- Video Play Back
- Response time
- Screen clarity 
It is super light for its size. 
Only areas where it can improve is - 
- Sound Quality 
At this price range cant expect more. 
 performance wise is good, but only thing this not suitable while working in internet, its product heavy heat, 
 I have bought this phone at last month and i have facing some problem like hanging and heating issues in this phone, otherwise all over is good phn, Camera is very good. 
 PROS:
1) Large Display and Clarity
2) weight only 150 gm so nice
3) Performance - its ok no prb.  
CONS :  
1) Too much SAR Value (I Feel head ache some times ) 
2) Some times Wifi problem
3) Side Volume and Power buttons is very small icons 
4) Games & browse times very heating issues   
 1)Camera quality is very poor(shown as 13 MP and 5 MP but seems as 8MP and 2MP).
2)Memory shown as 16 GB but actually it is 11GB (5Gb taken by apps is fine for me, but it have only 4GB free space just after clicking few pics :P)...
3)No earphone in the accessory box( u have to spent more money to get one)
4)size is perfect as given in description. 
 Its a good phone in this price range.No heating problems and good performance.
Its has Lenovo's Vibe OS which has some really good features. 
 it was pretty good working fine,it has so many features . To save battery there are two modes
1.power saver
2.ultimate power saver
ultimate power saver mode is the excellent when on low power
rear camera is excellent but front camera is not that good but its fine in bright places
and one of the important thing is it was not reading full 2gb of ram its was of about 1.5 gb i.e when clearing the recent apps we got to know about that 
out of this everything was excellent no heating issues found 
 Had bought in flash sale seeing the specifications. Reviews goes this way. 
1. Display - Mind blowing. Excellent.
2. Performance - No lags in multi-tasking.
3. Build - OK. Missing Gorilla Glass in such big screen phone.
4. Camera - The most defective part. Images captured flickers. Still images are superb. Moving images comes with double borders even in sports/action mode. Video recording also not stable or smooth. Same issue found in all the phones (approx. 3-4) bought in my colleague groups that i checked. This is the common issue i guess with the model. And for the same reason i returned the phone. Thanks to flipkart to get me refund my hard earned money. :) 
If camera is not the part of concern for you then go for it.  
 pros:
-rear cam is gud n front is avg which is expected,
-dispaly is awesome for great video watchng n can play all HD formats,
-battery is gud with power saver(even at 15 percent if u ON ur power saver it wil give u few hrs for nly calls,msg,contacts on screen),
-no lagging at all 
cons:
-SAR rate which is high
-heating at the top of the screen 
can any one tel me solutions to reduce the heat,its the only problem i m facing,xcept tat all are gud for me . . . 
 I bought this phone in last flash sale. All features are fine as stated but i don't see anyone of the reviewer mentioning the RAM left for usage. Though it is claimed 2GB but only 650-850 MB only available for user after bootup means lots of space taken by the apps. Other brand mobiles with 2 GB RAM have 1.3-1.2 GB free for user when i checked. 
Those who choose this mobile for 2GB please think twice. Hope future update from lenovo will take care of this issue. 
 I had purchase this phone and have good application support as compare to other phone with low value but sad to see the product quality specially back cover. atleast 10k product should not have such a bad quality.. Two start only for App and screen which is amzing  
 I have received phone on 10th Aug 2015, I tried to charge phone and its extremely poor.
For about 4 hours of charging from mains,it charged only 30%. 
Planning to observe the same for 1 week before returning the device.
Apart from that issue, Phone is awesome in processing speed,camera, etc.  
 It is a good budget phone under 10k but the batttery backup is not at all good .I charge it in the morning and till coming to my home the battery left is around 30 to 20%.So I think that the company could replace it soon. 
 Pros. 
1. Config is good, 
Cons. 
1. Some time Automatically restarted while playing games.
2. Battery is 3000 mAh . But If Data Connection is open Or games played it Drains drastically. 
3 Its heating while long conversation or long time games played.
4.  
Rest   
 BLUE color didn't display in the allover mobile and camera. 
So all Blue color icon is displayed in Gray color.
Like Facebook icon is Blue but in this mobile has Gray color.
No Headphone,  
 I use k3 note 22 days. this phone a major problem heating problem. 10 minutes playing game Or watching movie use data etc phone getting hot display vary hot. When talk 10 minuts air specker hot. Some time hang display. Some time dolby atoms not started. Camera good. Battery average. Overall phone rating is out of 5 stars I give 2.5 stars. 
 Received phone on 7th August, used for gaming and internet browsing, from 3days, It working fine, I thing it the best phone at 10K.  
 While taking selfies, camera taking mirror images. i.e. any text you take as selfie will come as reverse.  
It's my 2nd day of using this phone and started feeling little heat while this phone on charging and you can feel the heat on your ears if you talk more than a minute. 
 Bought phone recently, so far i can say its good(not the best) 
There are performance issues while playing games or switching between apps.
Pics does not look like there are taken from 13MP camera phone, Front camera is OK. Night pics are not cool. 
Video recording quality is average.
2G, 3G, 4G connectivity is good but phone is getting heated up when used more than 20 to 30 min.
Battery performance is average, only coming for 1 day in power saving mode when i play games for 1.5 hr, play video for 2 hrs and play audio for 1 hr.
Audio quality is good.
Network drops noticed.
Feeling the heat of radiation while talking without earphones.
If Lenovo comes forward and resolves heating issues then no one can beat this phone in this price range. 
 i bought this product. i don't know why this mobile battery is drying very fast. in using of wifi. just 5 hours. it is completed 100% to 15%.  
 i Have purchase this product on 15 th july and recd it on 21 july. Processing speed Game, and Sound quality are are awesome but there are some problem in this phone
1. Camera quality is pathetic (13MP) is equal to 5 MP
2. Battery drain out quickly
3.Sound quality when you are calling is so poor. 
But at last but not the least Best smart phone under 10000 Rs. Company has to look in this draw beg  
 Flipkart gave too many hype regarding this flash sale and convincing customers like sold in secs. Lenovo K3 Note is a decent mobile with nice specs but same kind of product available with all other competitive brands.If you look for for some wow factor, this phone got none. An avarege phone for the price of 10 K 
 its ok ok mobile phone... 
Procs:
1. Big Screen
2. Full HD
3. Good Audio Quality.
4. Good Front Cam 
Cons:
1. Very less free RAM.
2. Sucking at Middle.
3. Average Back Camera.
4. Some times heating too much unnecessarly 
 After using more than a month. I am writing this review.
WIFI issues are there which is widespread.
plz refer lenovo forums official reviews. 
Plz don't buy this until it is fixed. 
 Hey guys,
I just find a permanent solution for the wifi problem happened after 296MB OTA update to lenovo K3 Note.
To solve it. Just follow these steps:-
Go to engineering mode my dialing:- *#*#3646633#*#*
Now go to connectivity tab and tap on WiFi.
Now mark the option.
1.) WFA test UI
2.) WPS test mode
Now exit from engineering mode and check. Wifi will work smoothly.! 
 Got a white one thru the flash sale. 
Pros:
1. The price
2. The front cam 5mp is superb
3. Dual sim
4. Overall look and feel is superb 
Cons:
1. Back cam slightly disappointing for a 13mp (HDR is useless) 
Overall 5 stars for this budget phone 
 Pros:
-Large display with brilliant color reproduction
-Good camera at his price point
-No lack while multi-tasking and gaming
-UI looks good and interactive 
-Double tap to wake the screen 
Cons:
-Average batter life
-No gorilla glass 
-No back light capacitive keys 
-Average sound quality  
Conclusion:
If your a looking for a great phone under 10k then it the best phone to buy today.  
OVERALL RATING:
8.5/10 
 Regarding mobile very good....if you are looking budget phone so please go for it without any second thought 
 light in weight and The front panel of the phone is dominated by the 5.5-inch display with the 5MP front camera . 3000mAh removable battery, dual sim card slots and microSD card slot, . A 13MP camera and LED flash
Android 5.0 (Lollipop) skinned with Lenovo Vibe 2.0 skin that customizes various features in the phone.powered by the 1.7GHz Cortex-A53 Mediatek MT6572 octa-core processor, backed by 2GB RAM and 16GB of internal storage expandable 32gb
immediately update the patches to reduce the heat 
 phone is awesome in look and feel.and the processor wont disappoint you to.though the vibe interface eats up almost 1 gb ram ,but phone s good at multitasking .though some high end games dont run as smoothly.camera is best under light.
but phone heats up quickly while calling due to high radiations .so talk only on earpiece
also battey backup is decent not the best 
 I have received this phone 1 week back. I feel the phone best in this price range.
Pros
1) Music with Dolby Atmos feature..Best for music lovers
2) Camera clarity is enough who are just looking for mobile and not for cameras
3) 1.7 Ghz Octacore processor..Instead of 7-8 apps running in background, still the phone works smoothly.
4) 2 GB RAM...Phone doesn't hangs
5) 5.5 inch screen...Awesome display
Cons
1) Initially some heating issue..but it may gradually come down once you start using it for a week or so. 
In all great phone with a great price 
 Phone is getting little bit heat when we talk more than 15min and also sometimes its getting hangged...........overal worth for our money 
 Build and design:
Lenovo K3 Note doesn't look much different from other Lenovo Android phones. It is rectangular in shape coupled with rounded corners and a plastic body that has a matte finish. As far as the looks go, the phone is very average.
A plus point of K3 Note is that it is considerably light in weight when compared to devices with similar dimensions.
The front panel of the phone is dominated by the 5.5-inch display with the 5MP front camera placed right next to the earpiece. However the Lenovo branding is missing on the front which makes it look a little ordinary.
The front of the phone also has capacitive touchscreen buttons, placed below the display and the keys are very responsive, however, they are not backlit, which hampers the experience while using the phone in the dark.
The volume button and the power button are placed on the right edge of the phone. This is in a way good if you are using a flip cover as it wont block its usage. The micro-USB port is placed at the top which makes it awkward if you have to dock it on your car as the charging cable would block the road view but at the same time this could be an advantage while you use your phone normally. 
The back panel of the phone, which covers a 3000mAh removable battery, dual sim card slots and microSD card slot, features Lenovo branding. A 13MP camera and LED flash are at the top left and the speaker is towards the right side.
This is the only smartphone in its range to offer a full-HD display in this price range and graphics/text appear crisp and sharp, and watching multimedia content is a pleasant experience. The 5.5-inch IPS HD (1080x1920p) display is impressive with vibrant colours and has a good touch response. 
However, the display screen is very reflective which makes it difficult to use under direct sunlight and observed that the screen is a little prone to smudging. 
Software:
The K3 Note runs Android 5.0 (Lollipop) and the software comes without an app drawer and instead has all the apps on the homescreen itself similar to the one you would find on an apple iPhone.
There are also a number of third party apps that were pre-installed in the phone, like UC Browser, Route 66, Dolby Atmos, etc. Luckily, these can be uninstalled to free up some space.
Overall, the software is user friendly, but it may take some time getting used to it. 
Camera:
Lenovo K3 Note sports a 13MP rear camera (with auto focus and LED flash) and a 5MP front facing camera. The camera app offers users a variety of filters to choose from, and also has features like Panorama and HDR.
Images shot in daylight had a lot of clarity and details as well as accurate colours. However, the front facing camera is not very impressive and in spite of being a 5MP camera, did not click good enough selfies.  
Performance:
Lenovo K3 Note is powered by the 1.7GHz Cortex-A53 Mediatek MT6572 octa-core processor, backed by 2GB RAM and 16GB of internal storage. Those who want extra storage space can also use microSD cards of up to 32GB.
I have not used this phone to make calls yet and hence would not be able to comment on the call quality and signal reception however with Data connectivity it does a pretty good job even with low signal reception like basements and elevators. The phone also offers FM radio.
Compared to Lenovo A7000's 720p display, the new K3 Note has a higher-resolution screen; however, it seems the company did not increase the battery capacity sufficiently, as I could get barely one day of charge from the device even with moderate usage. On heavy use, the battery was depleted in approximately 5-6 hours.
The smartphone's software does not seem to be optimized, as I have seen smartphones with smaller battery capacities deliver more battery life despite higher resolution displays (for example, Samsung Galaxy S6). Also, the phone's battery takes exceptionally long to charge and is quite evident from the time you start using the phone so not sure how Lenovos QA team could miss this before rolling into production. 
Verdict:
At the price of Rs 9,999 this phone is a pretty good upgrade over its sibling A7000; the user experience is much superior, the camera performance is better, the multimedia performance is at a whole new level altogether, and it costs just Rs 1,000 more than A7000. Nevertheless, Lenovo K3 Note is definitely the best smartphone you can buy under Rs 10,000 today. Moreover, it one-ups the rivals in one aspect or the other; for example, K3 Note supports microSD cards while Xiaomi Mi 4 and Meizu M1 Note don't. Is Lenovo K3 Note worth buying? Definitely and I would recommend this to my friends and family. I have already bought 2 phones and plan to order more in the near future.   
 You might wonder why 4 rating? I will explain. 
The device is very light and butter smooth. No heating problem so far. I liked Vibe UI. Pretty simple and lot of options. And this phone is a wonder after using HTC desire double of its price and half of its performance.
Pros: UI, Performance
Cons: Available RAM, battery 
I don't play game. My use is basically browsing and apps. However, with wifi or 3g on, the battery drains out in 8-9 hours. RAM available is only 500MB. 
 all the features are excellent,but the second software update is having a bug in it.due to it my wifi stopped working.lenovo is giving updates with bug in it.solve this issue the i will definitely give 5 stars 
 Lenova K3 Note Best phone at the rate 10000
Best Phone function , sound ,video,camera,battery, Speed
Lenova K3 Note Best phone at the rate 10000
Best Phone function , sound ,video,camera,battery, Speed
Lenova K3 Note Best phone at the rate 10000
Best Phone function , sound ,video,camera,battery, Speed 
 I Have recently bought this mobile from Flipkart, really very nice mobile for this price tag. I would like to share my Opinion for this mobile...  
Excellent Flipkart Service, i will give 5/5 for Flipkart  
Good Things: 
1. Display Quality is really good
2. Sound Quality is nice (Both Speaker and earphones)
3. Good Call Quality
4. Good Looking UI ( 6 Built-in Themes and Lock Screens)
5. Nice Performance while playing Casual and Mid-range Games and using Apps ( i'm not a big Gamer )
6. Good Rear Camera Quality for Still Images but not Great.
7. Charges Quickly just 2.30 hrs ( my previous Moto G2 takes 3.30hrs for full charging )
8. Excellent Signal receiving  
Bad Things: 
1. Battery Backup is Poor, even this 2900 mAh battery for normal usage it gives Only One Day ( my previous Moto G2 gives One and Half day backup, it has Only 2070 mAh battery)
2. 13mp Video recording is not good, focusing is very Slow 
3. Mobile Heats Quickly, even in normal usage like using Apps, watching videos... 
4. When using this mobile continuously for 15min or more, then some kind of Plastic Smell is happening 
5. Sometimes there is some Lagging is happening.  
Conclusion: If you are a Normal User then Defenetely Go For this mobile. If you are a Heavy gamer this mobile is not that much great for Heavy Gaming... 
 Everything is good and I like this smartphone, good and fast delivery, full packed, brilliant smartphone under 10000, if you also want it then don't think just go for it, you will like it ... 5 star to flipkart, 
 recently bought this mobile excellent performer in this price
cam - 8/10
display-9/10
touch-8/10
in total-8/10 
 Taking it to service station now.
Not sure how the experience would be. 
The phone looked perfect the day I received it. However, after using it (that too rarely), I realized I am not able to unlock the phone using the persolized pattern. On loooking closely I realize the pattern is not getting completed while I am moving my fingers across the dots. It actually misses at a specific point everytime.  
 Simply superb u can experience it if u buy. Nice phone within that range...flipkart one day delivery simply amazing. 
one thing about phone killer speed yar..
battery also nice
 full hd quality.
rear camera is okey front cam is nice  
 first time i am trying to return but I dont found any money back policy related to the product if it found damaged 
 but one thing is not satisfied for customer that is headphone.
company not given to the accessories exclude headphone. 
 Awesome Heating device 44-49-56'C Only with a single app running...
Even not enable to pick up the phone...
The same handset is bought by my friend suffering same problem...
Hanging issue with 2GB ram...
Camera is also not upto the mark  
 Using for almost a week now.
Smooth as butter 
supports everything
Camera is good
Battery lasts for more than a day
Watching HD vids or movies is a delight
Comes with 2 screenGuards
Light Weight
No heating issues if you use charger supplied with unit. 
Only things we can complain about are gorilla glass, earphones; but couldnt complain at this price. 
What more my K3 scored 42105 on Antutu benchmark leaving behined many biggies priced more than double say nexus5. 
 cam not that much as 13mp
problems with wifi connectivity
becomes very heat when we browse net or play games  
 except look, this phone is flop, though its 1.7 true octacore, if you play games like asphalt, den it wont work smoothly, but in my other phone yureka with 1.5 octacore, the games runs very smoothly without lagging issue. 
 i am using lenovo k3 from past 8 days and have listed some cons and pros  
cons
a best mobile for gaming and watching movies under 10 k budgets
5.5 inch hd display superb clarity
slim and easy to hold 
flipkart delivery lene k3 on time and it was packed superb 
pros
camera clarity both front and rear not good 
 but go for it guys seriosly i fall in with this master peice K3 
i am happy to own this k3 go for it. 
 Wifi HotSpot stopped working after recent update. No solution available. You won't be able to transfer large files between phones even with Xender or Software Data Cable. 
 Dont Buy this product its having heating problem and the battery is not lasting. i requested for a replacement. 
 It is very good product in this price range..may buy without any hesitation. Good quality picture , sound , Rear camera picture very good ..... nothing else it's superb . 
 This review is after using the phone for more than 30 days (1st flash sale) 
Those who make continuous long calls - Not preferred otherwise need to use with the help of a headset. 
All other things except SAR is excellent. 
Faced small issues in Wifi, high intensive gaming (Modern Combat 5- Not smooth) 
Only max of 800-900 mb remainiing in RAM after system usage. Camera section is average- not excellent at low light 
Little bit heating but manageable on regular usage. Extreme heating while using Google maps - GPS - At Outdoors 
Smooth touch and excellent display. All else is good  
 Using this product for 2 weeks.  
Pros:
Good Battery back-up
Dolby Sound is nice
Display is OK
Wifi is strong
Camera is OK
Didnot find any lag yet. Need to test more 
Cons:
Heating is definitely more
In-built GPS is not 100% perfect, not sure if it is Problem only in India 
About Flipkart: could not deliver on time, even I am in the seller's city. Flipkart must choose the delivery services effectively 
 6 Stars :)
this is my second k3note
bought one on the first flash sale on 8th july
this one on 29th july
who knows i may buy one more also 
 solid features best phone and under budget its awsome display grt features to work with buy this its really worth it 
 First of all Kudos to flipkart and courier partner Redexpress to have delivered it before time. 
Now coming to the phone. I had researched for around 15 days to find the best phone in my price range. 
Pros:
1. Smooth working
2. Phone is very responsive
3. Rear Camera is awesome. (I heard in manny reviews that it is not good but i found it really good. I clicked pics in direct sunlight and they were great. At night, I used the manual mode and pics were good, I need to adjust with the modes but as of now, the camera didn't disappoint me.)
4. Front camera is also good.
5. Phone is very light weight.
6. Battery life is above average.
7. Battery saving mode is also great, when the screen is off, the battery remains unaffected.
8. Lock screen can be customised.
9.Great dolby sound 
Cons:
1. The 3 buttons on the phones are not backlit
2. Slight heating problem
(As of now, I have picked up on these points only and over all I love this phone. 
Great work LENOVO! 
 I received this phone in last week and its been around 7-8 days that I am using this phone and let me tell you that so far my experience is really awesome. This phone scores ace in almost all aspects like display, battery, memory, RAM, overall look, handling, sound. I am not a very much gaming freak and hence would not comment on the gaming performance as I did not play high definition games on this phone. Matt finish back panel helps to get the grip on phone and also looks elegant. 
Before buying this phone I was used to operating Android Jelly Bean operating system and so it took me couple of days to get accustom with Android Lollipop. If anyone still going thru online reviews before buying this phone then I would like to tell that I checked most of the reviews available online, found them positive and then only bought this phone. Just go for it. You wont regret. Good Luck! 
 every thing is ok but phone gets heated up for 5 calls basically i dont get long minutes call and highest sar value 
 Hi Every one,
Lucky to grab Killer Note during the first sale only! 
About Flipkart--
Delivered the product safely on time as promised and packing was good.
So rating 5 for its service. 
About K3Note--
Pros
1. No other mobile selling company is offering these kind of Killer Specs with surprising price.
2. About the outlook, it's really nice and Light weight. What I feel is the weight is due to battery only, if u hold the device without battery its just as holding very few papers.
3. Displayquality is awesome with very sensitive touch.
4. The vibe over android is very impressive with nice in built softwares for daily use.
5. Regarding performance its good but not excellent, tested with almost 80 apps installed including built in. May be with less apps it might be killer.
6. Camera ok!
7. Audio and Video quality and Display resolution is killer. 
Cons--
1. One thing I am worried most about the device after buying is the SAR value at Head. If u do too much phone calls then this might not be good one to go ahead. Otherwise it's adjustable.
2. Camera pics are not with good contrast and long distance photos are not good but not bad also, ok type.
3. Sometimes lagging issues. 
Suggestions to Lenovo--
1. Firstly give much importance to SAR value.
2. Snapdragon processor might have been a good choice for better performance during multiple apps installed.
3. Gorilla glass for the display.
4. Good lenses for the camera. 
5. Increase in another 500 to 1000ma of battery for long lasting of more than 24 hours .
Doesn't matter if these suggestions add up 1-2 thousand Indian rupee extra to the device. 
Note-- providing feedback on almost 20 days of effective usage. 
 Hi ,
The touchscreen is not working . first time it worked , I created a pattern lock , and after that was not able to unlock the phone , as the touchscreen on the left and right would not work . Thought it was a software issue , did a hard reset , now after doing that , not able to enter my wifi password as the touch would nt work .. or the screen lock .. Have requested for a return , an app was sent to me , had a hard time to download it without wifi , had to create a open wifi and then downloaded the app , but then have to wait for flipkart to call . they called me once , i missed the call , was nt able to call back to the number that called me .. so tried calling customer care .. no response now , no one is picking up , though in the morning , they did answer and said that I would get a call in the evening .. but now that I missed it , I get a message that the next call is again scheduled tomorrow evening .. i have to keep vigil and wait for the call and answer it , How else can i get a working phone ..?? or should I just change the phone .. ?? Was having real expectations for the phone .. Oh yes .. the speaker was good though , the apps were fast .. all this for the first 30 minutes .. .. saw on google that others to have the same issue .. hope Lenovo is listening and will solve this ASAP .. Thank you .. 
 Guys I have been using this phone from last 20 days no issues at all, so dont worry and just go for it. Phone scores impressive 46000 points on all benchmark tests. No heating issues, but if u r wathching movie then it does gets heated up apart from that no issues
Camera is also nice. Overall best phone at the given price 
 i have received new Lenovo k3note against my order no.OD203441125179178700. Just second day i found that touch is not working properly, so i contacted flipkart to replace my instrument, they told me that Lenovo technical team will contact me, after one day i got a call from lenovo and they told me that they have checked in software via their smartcheck app and found my fone is ok and it has no problem, and they reject my return request, 
so second time i log a replacement request as touch is not working proplerly, second time they reject my request and told me that i needs to visit nearest Lenovo service centre and they will verify problem and thenafter my phone can be replace. SHOCKing part is now when i visited Lenovo customer service at Manigar, Ahmedabad, gujarat. they told me that they will not entertain lenovo online puchased phones.  
i found after sales serice Rubbish Both Lenovo & Flipkart. and i become a sandwich between. My no. is 9724250638 i can share you my detailed experience, you just avoid to puchase anything from flipkart now. because till day i puchased morethan 40 items from flipkart but now their service become very poor. so avoid Flipkart & Lenovo Both. 
 Very good and handy mobile, but battery backup and performance is very low. wish the team will workout for a better solution. 
 I am an average user. All i wanted was good battery, display and music quality. Also i wanted no lags in my tasks. This is b=the best phone for those who want a good user experience. The stock android is also beautiful and as expected, very fast. 
Pros:
1. Design (i have black & white)
2. No lags
3. Display
4. Battey (average to high) 
Cons:
1. None for me 
I recommend this phone who want good battery life, display, internet usage and music.
mobile deserve 5 star.but,only 3star from me.reason late delivery. 
 Was happy to see the package that i received. The moment i opened the box, it left me wondered as there was a slim handset, a very wide battery, white charger for black head set AND NO HEADPHONE. Gona waste my next few minutes talking to the customer service. God help me! :| 
 the features of lenovo k3 note is awsm,,, there is a bit problem that the android was not updated...other features was nice in this budget.. 
 everything about this phone is good except few things:
sometimes a little laggy
gets heatup while playing high end games.
no gorilla glass protection
no update to the latest lollipop 5.1.1 
 I am writing this on first day of use of Lenovo K3 Note Smartphone. I liked very much the item except one thing. I felt that, the item is heating very much during phone calls. Is this a common problem to this model ? 
 It is my Dream phone.I used different brands of smart phones.But the lenevo k3 note is best.
The camera and resolution of display is just awsm.And this phone is much more faster than other brand. 
 Having great features like RAM, GPU, Camera,etc. but when actual performance comes it's like ordinary Chinese phone. Phone slows down many times while playing games. Graphics do not seems like described(seems very cheap material used by lenovo). Also camera performance is not good. Not worthy to buy........Go for another option........ 
 Using this phone since last 15 days, no lag issues, battery backup is very good, camera is good, build quality is best, light weight, feels good in hand, display is the real killer. Thus, best phone from brand you can get in 10K price bracket. 
 i dont like this kind of selling. pls dont buy here. 10089 waste. Internet and wifi and mobile hotspot not work on the device 
 awesome phone
Every thing simply the best. 
I love it 
Camera HD 9/10
Display HD 10/10
Performance 10/10
Battery 9/10 even it is smart phone it will give you perfect two days  
 Redmi 1s with 5mp camera has better snaps than this 13 mp.,  
Audio is good. 
so far I didnt find any heating problem.  
 you cannot talk long as phone gets heated..also u feel headache after talking on phone ..i don't know the exact reason but its happen. 
 Very Heating during call, Voice Issue during calling not as per expectation no rating for Lenovo K3 Note 
 Light weight competitive design. But unfortunately performance is below expectation. Heating during use of camera. Power draining drastically. Random touch sensing down issue.Charger is heating like a electric warmer. U can never spend a day without having the charger with you. Camera quality manageable. 
Once Sold Flipkart put you in a hectic business to make you bound to enjoy your irritations.  
 Screen and keyboard freeze lot of times for a second or half even after updating.I think it is due to lolipop 5.0 which is unstable.so lenovo should provide lolipop 5.1 update for better performance. 
 This is my review after using the K3 Note for 20 days straight !! Lets begin with the pros 
Pros:
1. 1080p Display that is just perfect and mindblowing for watching HD movies, playing games.
2. Multitasking is also good. I didnt find any lags unless heavy apps ( mostly games ) are running in the background.
3. RAM available for use is around 900 MB. After installation of all required apps such as whatsapp, facebook, instragram etc. the available RAM was around 700 MB. I could easy play games with that RAM. So, RAM seems enough for day-to-day and heavy use.
4. Sound is really loud and clear for music or watching movies or even cellular calls. Even in headphone I didnt find any problem which calls or listening to music.
5. Rear camera is awesome with decent photos for the phone under 10K but it does take time for taking HDR photos. Rear Camera with beautify is also great !!
6. Both the sim slot supports 4g. Internal storage available is around 9 GB out of the box. with external memory card slot available, it is more than enough for daily use. 
Cons
1.Battery is something you would like to consider. battery drains slowly no matter what I do. If I play music for 30 min, battery drains 5 percent and if for the same time I play games or watch movies, battery drains 8-9 percent. Charging is only possible through direct plug. Dont consider charging with laptop as it will charge 1% in an hour. Sometimes, even powerbank also doesnt seem to charge the phone quickly. Direct charge charges phone fully in 2.5 hr max. 
2. Heating Issue - Phone does heat a bit (noticeable, not untolerable) while calling or playing games. In an no AC or no fan area, you will feel heat abit more than normal. It's nothing boiling hot like Delhi Temp at all. 
3. Lenovo launcher is a p-i-e-c-e of crap. i personally switched to google launcher.  
4. More settings are available for the users but after some use most of the settings become malfunctional like there is pocket prevention setting that doesnot allow the phone to work itself while it is in your pocket but sometimes it lasts even after you take the phone out of the pocket. 
5. Heavy Games lags abit. not like its not playable but you will notice the lag once in a while. Surely not for you if you are a gamer. 
6. There are some useless apps preinstalled that cannot be uninstalled. besides that, the OS is 5.0 even till this date although other phones are upgraded to 5.1 by now. 
Theses are the major highlights of lenovo k3 note. From me, its an awesome phone under 10K. I dont think there is any other phone at this price with the specifications provided by K3 note. Besides the game and usb charging, the phone is awesome is all possible way. 
 It vibrates heavily while typing a message ,
No possibility of removing that vibration 
How can leneovo make such a big mistake   
 I have used it for two weeks and totally satisfied with this K3 Note. You might not like it if you have already used IPhone or One plus one etc. as they perform excellently.  
I wanted a large screen with enough memory and decent performance. I am very happy with this. 
 body is not good and camera flash problem some time and not good response when we use glass screen protector .. 
 I have bought in flipkart in flash sale, got delivered on next day :) 
Phone is Good with all the tech specs as mentioned. 
Would be nice if this comes with headset and flipcover ( which cost rs.500 -700 approx ) after my purchase. 
Cons:  
On Calls, Phone gets heated fastly.. must use headphone or else we may loose our ear.. :( 
Bad quality battery fast drain use Calls WiFi , play game phone heat battery problem is major problem   
 Pros:-
1.No heating issue;
2.Super fast processor, Antutu Benchmark Rating 45388 in my Handset;
3.Excellent Display;
4.In daylight Both cameras are too good; in low light conditions a little bit of noise:
5.16 GB in-built and 32 GB expandable memory;
6.Sound quality with Dolby Atmos is very good. 
Cons;-
1.The only con I have found till date is there is no headphone. So, user has to pay a 1000 bucks more for a quality headphone.
2.The ceramic cover or the teana version should made available in India in this price range or price ths model at 9k.
After all this I would like to say go for it guys. Its worth the money. 
 this phone is very bad, audio quality is poor, wifi is not working, not a value for a money,
battery backup is so so, not connect with google properly, play store not working, so may problem in this phone 
 Worst phone from lenovo . lenovo not included Headphone with this mobile.Every body wants headphone with mobile so need to be add in accessories. 
 Excellent.....Good Features with this cost.... 
only one disappoint is rear camera...not as expected. 
 I have brought this phone on second week and found some issue with Lenovo brands. 
1. First it gets heated up while calling and talking over the phone within 1 or 2 minutes. Even one of my friend complaining about the same issue with his Lenovo 7000, brought just two weeks ago. 
2. Little bit laggy.
3. It's screen doesn't have any protection. And seriously my screen got a crack on third day, how I don't know. I didn't dropped any where, not any incident happened with my phone. 
While phone feature is good, camera is also decent, sound is good. Overall good mobile but have some of these issues. 
 I have been using Lenovo K3 NOTE for 2 weeks now, 
Firstly, impressed with flipkart services. Got the product within 2 days from the day of booking. 
Killer Note: 
It was mind blowing with the quality and features that the lenovo has provided at such an affordable price.Fully satisfied with the mobile having these many features 
Display: Looks really stylishhh. Nice feel while holding the Phone 
Awesome display with great resolution and Screen viewing at a 5.5 inches Full HD (1920 x 1080 Pixels) IPS resolution will be AWESOMEEE. 
Camera: The rear camera is among the best in a phone in this price range. Fully satisfied with daylight, low light & flash images.Impressed with front camera eye blink, hand waving, voice features for the snap. 
Storage: 16 GB is ample. Really good for installing apps. It got expandable too (up to 32GB). 
Battery: Removable 3000 mAh battery (Its a Power Beast Battery which lasts at least 24hrs on continuous playing games online, browsing, checking mails, chatting.). 
Good Battery Life.... 
Sound : One can enjoy the Dolby Atmos with proper earphones. Dolby Rockzzzz 
Performance : In terms of Speed multitasking is no big a deal as Processing speed is good with smooth multitasking because of 1.7GHz octa core processor & 2gb ram in it.  
Simply awesome with no lags or hangs and no excessive heating issues or system / app crashes so far. 
The user guide application is given in this phone which helps u to use the mobile in an efficient manner 
I would recommend this phone to everyone...... !! Just go for it...... Its very smooth and you will love it.......    
 Lenovo K3 Note is great budget phone under Rs.10000/-. Great specs, configuration, good graphics. front camera is really good. It also have some cons also. It gets heated up near the camera part. We cannot make a call more than 10 min. Phone gets stuck sometimes. If you are looking for a budget phone K3 note is a good option. If you have a lot of calls daily you may select other phone. 
 I BOUGHT RECENTLY LENOVO K3 NOTE.BACK CAMERA 13 M.P. BUT PICTURE QUALITY IS VERY POOR.FRONT CAMERA ALSO SAME PROBLEM.EAR PHONES ALSO NOT SUPPLIED. COMPARE WITH LENOVO A7000, A7000 IS NICE PHON. 
 Phone have many problems like hanging issue, touch not working properly, battery is taking 4hrs to charge , connectivity problem and phone is heating horribly. So please dont Purchase it. 
 Lenevo Brand at this price is a value buy. Other similar specification variants also make up a good competition price wise and feature wise but confidence with Lenevo is something you wont get. 
The hardware and the software bundle is premium feel. The Super Power saver and Battery saver both are pretty useful seeing a big screen size phone as display is what takes most of the battery.
Call quality is good and speaker and phone volume levels are good enough and the menu and default interface are already suiting my requirements. Touch feel is really good and back cover though white but is nice shiny and is not getting dirt spots fingerprints. Screen needs a protection guard but that's fine. 
Camera is also decent and takes clear picture and handles shakes and vibrations well. Front is a decent selfie one, not that great when zoomed but don't expect much from a selfie perspective. 
Only thing i think they have to work on is the footprint of the System(OS) image on RAM usage.
Its taking around 700 Mb to 1 Gb of space whereas it should be under 600 at least. Might be future updates will solve this issue. Battery is good last a day easily. 
 i bought this mobile.(22 july2015)
pros:
1. camera quality is good.
2. video quality is nice(full hd screen)
3. nice UI nd touch
4. sound with dolby atom is good.
5. display is good but not gorilaa glass.
6. game perfomance 
7. Multitasking works perfect without any lag. 
 phone delivery was so fast.........
cons;
 lenovo k3 big problem..
1: SAR level is very high.not able to talk even for 2 minutes...headache problem.  
 only one thing is bad that....camera 
the LENOVO K3 NOTE feel like 8MP camera.... 
otherwise very good phone under 10k...... 
 Stylish looks, beautiful display, light weight, killer performance!!!!!
But I did not got headset along it 
 At first I've to say thanks Flipkart for very good servicing while delivering this product!. As usual WS Retail is master in their way for delivering products. 
Now coming down for this phone, guys All I can say this phone is awesome and having stunning display with crisp touch. Flexible with every Apps. No heating issue. Sure you can go for this mobile blindly. 
 i didnt got head phones box and the phone was not delivered in time, the delivery was not came to the delivery point on intime.... 
 few days back i received my most awaited Lenovo K3. After using 3-4 days i came on conclusion that this phone is more than expectations. It's simply "Wow" 
I read that few were talking about front camera's quality. It's absolutely fine. I found only thing very very surprising that a phone without earplug. 
What is the need of Dolby Atom sound effect when you are not providing earplug with that. Do you expect me to check it on Loudspeaker mode??? 
Rest is fine. Go for it guys. 
 You'll not regret buying this mobile trust me.Please don't consider other reviews saying about Heat issues and low sound quality issues. First you update your phone before you start using it. Display is awesome, Weight less, No heat issues, I played Asphalt game for 30 mins. Battery comes for me around 1.5 days as i'm a medium user. 
 this is worst delivery by flipkart ever .....
i order this phone for my brother to gift him on his birhday... 
the expected delivery was 18 july ..........but for my surprise there is no update till 19 july..
i also chase to customer care .....but no response...
ultimately i got this phone on 23 july.........but no use. 
ultimately phone is good...........good product in this range. 
 I have been using K3 for 2 weeks now, i am blown away by the quality and features lenovo has provided at such an affordable price. 
Perfomance: There is absolutely no lag in switching between apps(fixed by the 296mb update). The processor is powerful.
9.5/10  
Display: Thanks to the 1080p HD display; watching movies,videos is incredibly great, viewing angles are also good.
10/10 
Battery: 2900mAh battery, it is taking 2 hours to charge from 20% to 100%, if u use a 2 amp charge r the charging may be faster. Battery back up is great. For average users it might last more than a day with wifi.
8.5/10  
Camera: 13mp and 5mp are doing a pretty decent job. But if ur hands are stable, u can capture some amazing pics with the rear camera. HDR mode is also good.
9/10  
Build: This is one department where lenovo should have worked on. Average bulid quality with plastic material. 
7/10  
Gaming: Games are running pretty smooth, but there is some problem with gameloft games(mc5,asphalt8....) as there are lags and some frame drops(hope this is fixed by the update)
8/10  
Vibe UI: Some of the features are cool, but if u dislike the vibe ui you can also install the google now launcher.  
Overall its a great device at 9999, highly recommend one to purchase it 
 This phone is quite good on an overall basis with a nice depth in display and light weight..Both front and back camera quality is good and even games like Nova 3 works fine..Though the battery life isn't great and the device gets heated at times and still a no-brainer for buyers looking for phones within 10k as of now...i have found some connectivity issues regarding Wifi usage but i am satisfied so far.. 
 This killer note specification was good under 10k. but not valuable. lenovo and flipkart just created the expectation for this mobile. ex:lenovo acquired motorola mobile. moto have low specification, high price but lenovo have high specification, low price. lenovo cheated to us. am also one of the foolish. before buying just awareness about smartphone. 
+ve: 
* Good Design and IPS display was good.
* Best for watching HD video and gaming purpose only.
* Avg Camera quality. 
-ve :
* 2GB ram but its available 650MB. 
* 3000mAh Battery that much of good. bcoz this is Li-ion.
* SAR value(radiation range) is 1.59. (Max range is 1.6). while speaking more than 15min heat affect ear and head. Radiation range is very high(Lenovo mentioned the user manual also). previously am not consider SAR value after buying i knew. health is important so please consider this.
* If any problem in mobile, flipkart not return electronic device and customer support also not good. 
Suddenly don't buy. any time we were using mobile and touch with body. So consider the radiation range.(moto and lenovo mobile radiation range is very high).
Think and Choose it.!!! 
 for people who use this phone on normal usage it should be very good for the price... looks a lot better than the pictures ...go for it 
 If u are looking for a android phone around 10000... with Good specification.. thn This is it... 
Nice back panel, Good camera and music quality, Dolby atmos simply rocks..!!
Icons are not up to the level.. But it doesn't matters..
Os occupies 4.81gb and gives us around 9.5gb internal storage which can also be used for apps...
Bt only 981 mb RAM left, Remaining is occupied by the built in apps.. 
Asphalt 8 comes as a built in app..it seems good in HD display.. 
 very excellent display
fast processing
ultra slim phone .....so u hav to handle with care
excellent sound ....dolby atmos sound ......zabarduussst!!!!!!
just go for it blindly
smart buy .....under 10000 rs. 
 the lenovo k3 note have a great specifications like true octacore 1.7 ghz proccessor and full hd display
but its battery drains fastly. 
the camera takes photos just like 5mp camera and while we zoom the image it gets ugly 
excluding these two points this is a killer.note 
 From the day 1 motion sensor of my phone is faulty, it senses motion in wrong direction, even when there is no motion it detects motion and this fault has made this phone useless for me because as a gamer I play many games that uses this. Moreover none of the google cardboard apps are working as they supposed to be. Also after recent update from lenovo OTA, WIFI is not working properly. 
I have requested flipkart to replace it for a new one but it has not happened yet. 
 every thing is ok, camera is not nice battery packup is worst honor 4x is better than this lenovo dont take this is not a good mobile take any other company mobiles dont take this mobile 
 1) Battery was draining with full use of 4 hrs  
2) Some times touch was not working properly 
3) Display was good 
4) Camera clarity was ok 
I am not fully satisfied due to battery 
 It's been around two weeks that I have been using the Lenovo K3 Note, after I managed to bag it in the very first sale. Since then, the phone has received two updates, on e immediately and one a couple of days back. 
Pros -  
1> 1080p screen with excellent viewing angles
2> Good camera quality (excellent in outdoor conditions, indoor is decent). A lot of people have complained about this device having a bad camera and I'd say no. The shutter takes a second of delay and if you hold steady, you'll get great shots.
3> The front facing camera is good and performs well. 
4> No lags at all and Vibe UI is great (although I'm a big fan of stock UI)
5> The phone lasts me a day very easily with auto-brightness (I take around 30/40 mins of calls, lots of what's app texts, checking emails and using apps such as freelancer and upwork, an hour of music and another hour of surfing).
6> Dolby Atmos is good, but you need an expensive headset to go with it as well.
7> Didn't face any heating issues. Under non-AC conditions, it goes maximum up to 43.
8> Build quality is decent but the device feels very light. 
Cons -  
1> The screen is a fingerprint magnet and comes across as reflective.
2> Camera and battery could have been slightly better. 
People complaining about SAR value, seriously you won't die. The world's is already polluted enough, so stop making a fuss. All phones emit radiation and as long as it is within the limits, it's fine. Besides, the actual SAR value is always way lower.   
 except with the courier service every thing looks good with the product.But the product is not delivered on time ...........value for the moneyyyyyy 
 I have using Lenovo K3 note last one week and it is very good mobile.
Pros.
1. 1.7 ghz octacore processor with 2 GB ram
2. 16 gb internal memory with memory card support up to 32 GB
3. OTG support
4. Voice quality is very good and very good network reception
5. wifi range is very good
6. conferrence call and inbuilt auto call record
7. budget price
8. 4G support
9. Fast charging (0% to 100% takes 2 hrs fully charge) 
Cons:
1. battery drains very fast while you continues use internet on mobile
2. No other found 
 Amazing performance for under 10k. you can't ask for more!!! 
display - 5/5
audio - 4.5/5
look & feel - 5/5
multi tasking - 5/5
web browsing - 5/5
call quality - 4.5/5
features - 5/5 
and, yes it does have some heating issues but they are minor and occasional. 
I did a 5 hr marathon download, surfing, youtube, games, video rec, etc session on first day (after full charge) it went through everything like a breeze. Batt survived for 30hrs with the marathon. 
Good purchase. 
 I am satisfied on lenovo k3 note performance, camera, battery back up, Full HD  
Expectation: need to check how ceramic speaker is working, so waiting for it . 
Cons:
High SAR value (avoid this phone who ever using the phone calling for long duration)
Could have implement Gorilla Glass  
 awsome phone.. 
every features is very good 
super camera............ 
Hd Recording............ 
Super touch.......... 
everthing is 100% perfect............. 
 very fastwith octa core & 2gb ram,good looking,light wait,good camera with smart flash,loved sound etc,,, 
 Lenovo K3 NOTE IS Excellent Device....most of reviews are negative so it will Create Confusion for Buyer...But When I got The Device Forgot All Review and Who Tell Xiomi mi4i Great Or Micromax's Yu Yureka Great Device ? Check online Comparison With Lenovo K3 NOTE .... 
Lenovo K3 NOTE is Great device with 
Great display Resolution full HD appears to be slightly dull WHEN comparison WITH LENOVO A6000 PLUS , 
Great audio ,Great Processor & Great option in Device Setting Which is Excellent.... 
Somebody Tell SAR Value High,Heating Issue,Camera Issue,Battery Issue ...But I DON'T FILL ANY PROBLEM.....It's Amazing Phone ... 
IF SAR VALUE HIGH THEN WHY GOVERNMENT NOT STOP THE SELL! THINK TWICE.. 
ITS' MARKETING STRATEGY OF OTHER COMPETITOR COMPANY'S FOR REDUCE LENOVO SELL...  
Only inbuilt music Player Not given but google music player is given it is also great but i hop company provide new music player app in next update.... 
and this is review for Lenovo K3 NOTE so it is amazing device SO don't think MORE & buy it without Confusion...  
Thanx to flipkart & lenovo for Great & Budgeted Phone.... 
 Not mentioning specs...
and yeah benchmark can differ from rel life tasks
But it can handle all of it efficiently
No heat problems....
Only con being it lags a bit on playing top fps games
"Only fps games "
Other pros are same as other reviews
and yeah Dolby atoms works superbly with headphones :) 
 This Phone Is Batter Than Other Phone In This Price Range ,, 
It Never Leg , Nice Camera Quality Gives HD Images , And Performance is little Slow Because Of Its Processor But Nice Phone , Battery Is Good Its Gives U 24 Hour To Used It If You Are Playing Hard Games Like Call OF Duty And All Its Gives You 5 Hour Its NIce By The Way .... But But But One Big Problem With That Is Its SAR Value Its To High Its 1.59 And The Limit Is Only 1.6 Its Bad For Health And Health Matters A Lot , Its Cause Headache And Irritation And Many Other Problems , And Its Hang Sometimes As Well And Its Drops Frame When Playing Games , If You Want That Phone On Your Own Risk Take Risk And Buy If You Wanna Go Safer Choose Others .. If You Wanna Buy Any Phone Because Of Camera Go With That Now Your Choice 
 This is an awesome phone for the price, the only thing it lacks is Gorilla Glass protection If they add it to this phone this will be the best phone under 10000 
 I was using A7000 for last 2 months and gifted it to my friend to buy K3 note. Performance wise and look wise its not better than A7000 in any ways. May be the screen resolution is FHD with 401 PPI but you will not notice any difference from A7000, I felt A7000 is much better in screen resolution than K3 note! ABOVE ALL THE BATTERY BACK UP IN A7000 IS MUCH BETTER IN A7000 but K# is having a bit big battery (100 Mamp) than A7000!!! Yes 16 GB RAM is an added advantage but most of the application installs in internal storage and they cannot be moved to the SD card !! But A7000 supports movement to SD card for most of the applications (like FB, whatsapp, Axisbank, IRCTC etc). The Rear Cam is just little better than 8MP rear cam of A7000.  
But both A7000 and K3 Note is supper performer!  
My point is please do not go crazyyyyy for K3 Note....It is not OUT OF THE CROWD or any Mirror breaking meterial !!! Choice is yours. 
 In the BOX:
Lenovo has made the packaging very simplistic with minimum accessories. Box consists of Handset, USB charger, USB cable and one scratch guard. No headphones with this phone out of the box. Warranty card, Phone feature pamphlet are neatly tucked below the phone holding packaging.
Handset:
Extremely light weight and good build quality, but back panel is very slippery. So its advisable to buy nice hard case or flip cover to avoid this phone from falling. Volume rocker and power button both are placed on right side of the phone. 3.5 mm ear phone jack and USB port on the top. Handling the large 5.5 inch phone is fairly convenient though.
At the rear is the 13MP shooter with LED flash with 5MP front camera for selfie lovers. Corning gorilla glass is missing so its advised to use scratch guard to prevent any damage (which comes out of the box).Opening the back cover is pretty easy, dual SIM and SD card slots are very conveniently placed. Please note. You will have to shell out some money to buy some descent earphone for this phone.
Rating: Build quality I rate it as above average.
Performance:
Considering the price point 2GB RAM and 1.7Ghz Octacore processors seems to have decent specs on paper, But performance is not so impressive. Phone does lag very regularly. Camera pauses while shuffling from modes also take a decent time to focus and click image. Scrolling on the phone is smooth with very few lag but they are not annoying 
Rating: I rate this phone as average for performance.
Display:
Display is very vivid and bright. But I do not prefer using the Auto brightness mode because it makes the phone extremely dull. Thanks to full HD display with 401 PPI watching images and videos is a pleasure, though white looks a bit pale but one can ignore that considering the price tag. 
Rating: Good.
Camera: 
Though I have clicked few pics from the 13MP rear shooter I noticed flash of the phone fills in enough light to illuminate the object in low light. But low light photography without flash does attract a lot of notice, same with the 5MP front camera its low light images are not impressive.
In daylight images did looked crisp. The camera interface is good and do provide a lot of options with many Standard options like exposure/ White Balance etc. Phone has Normal / Panorama / scene effect mode to choose. Didnt tried shooting any video so cant comment on that?
Rating: Overall camera performance is average
Sound :
As mentioned above this phone do not come with headphone out of the BOX. Though it claims about Dolby Atmos for enhanced audio effects when I connected my Philips headphone to this phone, first thing I experienced is their volume levels are low even if I raise the volume bar to max. Dolby Atmos dont seems to enhance the sound quality , I did tried using some preset options but found some setting modes make the audio non audible. 
Best part is it has custom equalizer mode, so use it to suit your listening trends. Phone loudspeaker too doesnt make much noise. May be I need to dig in more into Dolby Atmos app and try to find the best mode to enhance its performance. This phone does come with Radio feature so thats a plus point since I seriously miss this in my One Plus One.
Rating: Below average.
Battery/ Memory:
3000mAh battery last for one full day with moderate usage of games / HD videos and calls. It also has a battery saver mode which makes this phone last more than a day, since it shuts down all background processes.
Out of 16GB we get around 9GB of space which is good. Hopefully we dont have to bother with Low memory warning issues whenever we install a new App. With expandable up to 32GB you can pump in lots of movies / audio and click images as you wish
Rating: Good
Phone comes with lots of apps and games pre loaded with the phone so thats the plus.
Overall Rating is Above average. Considering phone large size FHD display and 16GB memory also supports 4G LTE. Has expandable memory feature and 13/5MP camera combination. Descent build quality and impressively light weight. 
Overall I rate this as average phone and value for money.    
 I bought this mobile on first flash sale and writing this review after using in around 10 days. 
Key points:
1. Premium Look light weight
2. No lag bcoz of powerful mediate processor
3. 401 PPI display looks stunning
4. More importantly Dolby Atmos effect. You will feel the effect for sure.
5. Since it has Full HD display ,it will drain the battery quickly. Avg Stand By time: 30 hours
 and Avg Usage time:7 hours
6. Good rear camera quality.
7. Ok kind of front camera.
8. Will produce some heat (not too high) which is same as in all other phones.
9. Some Basic OS errors like we cannot trun off the shutter sound persists. 
Overall verdict: Really satisfied with the phone. Go ahead, it is worth buying at 10k  
 It's indeed a Killernote
Have been using the K3 Note for the last 10 days and the device just mind blowing.
Design is fantastic very slim having 1.7 GHz processor 2 GB ram and 16 GB large storage up to expandable 32 GB 
 The touch on the back looks feels very soft and has the feel of old thinkpad laptops
Flipkart Services is very fast with in 48 hours I receive my phone  
Thanks lenovo and thanks Flipkart 
 Guys, was disappointed when was unable to get this phone in first sale..but fortunate to purchase one in second. Five stars to flipkart service - delivered on 3rd day from purchase.  
The overall specifications of the mobile are awesome, amazingly light well, battery is good, built quality is good (need to purchase a protective case for rough handlers), screen and visualizations, speed is good.  
I dont know why some users have complained about camera quality, I found it really good, clear and with realistic colors.  
Really a value for money phone. 
 i buy this mobile 1st day of lunching but not happy this mobile this mobile ear speaker is not work properly some other voice for start receive call and i call for flipkart but not solve my problem. 
 Light weight.. good camera.. little slow and hung when coupled with 32 GB external card.. overall good experience.. 
 I have been using lenovo k3 by 10 days now................till this moment feeling absolutely amazing about the phone 
Pros
1 very light weight
2 perfect design for a 9999 phone
3 excellent battery backup( i use 24*7 wifi but still works for 1.5 days easily its wifi usage is 4.3% better than any other phone asus zenfone 2 has 23%)
4 speedy for rough use(i use my phone at high speed to switch through different tasks)
5 good Display
6 Camera could be better but it is better than any other lenovo model
7 easy gestures
8 no heating probs at all max temperature i have noticed is 38 
Cons
1 it hangs in sound and picture for micro second for 720p vlc videos
2 same design as previous a7000  
 The hardware is good - good performance, battery life and speed. You can run many application without any lag or slow down. Feel wise almost every thing is average quality - build, display, camera, speakers, but quite acceptable. Based on the features that it offers for the price I would rate it at 5. 
I had to replace the custom lenovo launcher with a original google now launcher from google. 
If you are looking for a phone in this price range, this is the best option available right now. 
 I will write the Cons first and then Pros. 
Cons:
1. If you had used a phone with lesser SAR and if you dont know what is radition, this phone for sure will give you the feeling of what is radiation. I could feel the heat even for small duration calls(So only reducing the rating to 4stars). Not sure how it would be for people who speak for long durations. As I don't have the need of speaking for longer times on phone, this is OK for me. Otherwise you need to have a check !
2. 13MP camera is just OK. You need to have very steady hands to click good photos with less noise. Photos clicked in daylight are better than the ones clicked at low light.But I had clicked better pictures with the 8MP camera of my previous samsung(galaxy grand). Well I have not yet transfered the fotos to my system to see how good they look like. 
Other than the above mentioned Cons, I don't find any other issues as of now. 
Pros:
1. Screen size and clarity are beyond 10k price range mobiles. I like it.
2. Performance is far better than my 21k galaxy grand(which was a complete chaos and that is why i changed to K3 now). It has been smooth experience (with reasonable lags) till now.
3. 2GB RAM. Though you are always left with a max of 900MB free RAM, it is OK. You need to close unnecessary apps once in a while to arrive back to this 900MB. Else it would come down to 400,300,200MB of RAM with more number of recent apps.
4. Wifi and data connectivity are good.
5. LIght in weight.
6. Charges quickly and good battery back up of beyond 24hours with active wifi or mobile data use all the time. 
It is always a nice feeling to operate on the phones like this as long as it does not hang. Fortunately i have not faced any hangs in the last 10 days of use. And for the 10k price I have paid, i feel this is really a good phone. Have to see if the phone would continue to perform the same in future too. 
 I am writing this review after using the phone for 2 days.[Update : 2 weeks now]. I have used Mi 4i, Redmi Note 4G, Lumia 535 and Galaxy S3 before so I do know stuff about phones. I completed the 17 MB update that popped up at the first boot.  
Coming to BUILD quality, I must say that it is amazing. Its is light, thin and very comfortable to use. The volume rockers are metallic and the back is rubberised soft matte finish which is very premium to hold. I give 9/10 for BUILD for the fact that there is no gorilla glass( a screen guard is provided in the box). 
Coming to SOFTWARE, this handset runs on Android L with Vibe UI 2.0. The features of Vibe UI are amazing. You don't need another launcher at all. The little bugs were fixed by the small update. Now it is smooth though 1 GB ram is always occupied by the OS. There are many features like double tap to wake, screen gestures, etc which I leave on you to discover. Vibe UI 2.0 is much better than Touchwiz on Samsung and MIUI on Xiaomi. Dolby Atmos works fine. There is some bloatware on the device, most of which can be removed. So for SOFTWARE I give 9/10. 
Now for DISPLAY, I must say that this the only phone within 10k that gives a Full HD screen. As a result, the display is sharp and vivid with excellent viewing angles.Watching movie or gaming on the 5.5 inch is a bliss. I give 10/10 for display. 
For GAMING, the performance is decent as well. Most games run smooth. There is no overheating. I have tried asphalt 8, fifa 15, gta sa and riptide gp 2. All games ran at optimal settings without lag. Asphalt 8 should be playing at high setting on this device but I don't know why it lagged when i play for more than 3 minutes on high settings. This problem was also present in Modern Combat 5 and hopefully it will be fixed or optimised in future updates.
***[ Update #2 of 296 MB has solved the gaming lag issue. Now the games work fine. Disable the battery saver and gpu and cpu power saver in setting after update and the games will run just fine without any lag. ]*** 
 The EVERYDAY DAY USAGE of this device is just great. Apps open up quickly and there are no problems with surfing or anything. So for performance I give 8/10. 
Now comes the NOT SO GOOD PART. i.e. the CAMERA. Though it is a 13 MP rear cam and 5 MP front cam, the quality is just average. Using the rear cam cam, one can click great pictures is daylight with decent amount of detail but in artificial lighting and indoors, the clicks are sometimes blurry and grainy. This can be managed by being a little careful while taking pictures with the rear cam. The front camera has the same problem as the rear one and the same solutions as well. The camera on the Mi 4i is better but its has a very sluggish interface and the device itself has big issues. The samsung galaxy grand max I used had the best camera( it was my friend's set). So if camera is your first priority and you can compromise with the performance then get the grand max. Video recording upto 1080p is supported but sound was a bit low. But this is probably the best camera you would get for the price. So I give 7/10 for CAMERA. 
BATTERY life is decent. You can easily get 1-1.5 days with medium usage on 2G/3G. If you are a heavy user or use wifi all day then you have to charge the phone every night. 
This was my in depth review of the K3 Note. My score for the set is 9/10. I will update the review if Lenovo provides any update to improve the camera or the gaming performance. Also, thanks to flipkart for delivering the product on a holiday(Eid).  
Also for those of you who are confused between the Yureka Plus and K3 Note, the K3 Note is better in every department. 
Thank you.. 
 front camera-10/10
rear camera-9/10
music-10/10
display-10/10
CPU-10/10 
weakness is only delicate screen ,no corning gorilla glass... 
 Killer note i ever seen. more space , light weight, Killer Camera, Killer Display, Killer Smoothness, Killer Music Quality, Dolby Atom Rock. Killer Battery Backup.
I hve used this phone from delivery i had charge phone full n I try to Check Battery Backup. Then i got awesome result. This Time Means After 28 Hours My battery is show 34%.
I played Music, Download May apps From Play By wifi. 
Congs:-
 The Phone Genuine Headphone is not Given By Flipkart In THe Box. Really It's Not good. 
 I HAVE PLACED AN ORDER WITH A ONE DAY GUARANTEED DELIVERY BUT IT TOOK ME TWO DAYS TO REACH ME ANY WAY THATS NOT A BIG PROBLEM , COMING ON TO THE MOBILE,  
ITS 
1) STYLISH
2) HANDY
3) LIGHT WEIGHT 
4) POWERFUL 
5) LAG LESS  
THE TOUCH IS RESPONSIVE AND BUTTER SMOOTH ,  
COMING TO THE NEGATIVE POINTS  
AS IN MAY REVIEWS THEY COMPARED TO MI4I AND SAID 
1)K3 NOTE IS POWERFUL THAN MI4I AND I
2) IN EVERY OTHER ASPECTS THEY BOTH WERE SAME , 
YES THE PHONE IS POWERFUL THAN MI4I AND ALSO ONE PLUS TAKING AN TUTU BENCHMARK SCORE INTO CONSIDERATION ,  
but comparing other parameters like DISPLAY,CAMERA, BUILD QUALITY, MI4I IS FAR GOOD  
BUT AS OF NOW K3 NOTE IS A VERY GOOD MOBILE AT ITS PRICE RANGE AND POWERFUL THAN OTHER PHONES WHICH ARE PRICED AT DOUBLE THE RATE OF K3 NOTE ALSO . SO IF U HAVE A BUDGET OF 10K U CAN SURELY BUY THIS MOBILE   
 after using this handset for 3 days i felt the product is worth , its value for money.
But i m really disappointed by camera. they says 13 mp Camera , but wen you zoom in after click it starts blurring with very first pinch. feels like VGA Camera with good color reproduction. 
I have used Lumia 720 with 6.1 mp Camera it was way-way-way much better then K3 Note.
Readly Disappointed. Even zooming is restricted to below 50% (Just One Pinch). 
 I purchased it in First Launch. I used it extensively. Its a amazing configuration supplemented phablet under 9999/-. First of all its price, light weight, touch, 1.7 GH, 2900Mah, 4G.
Its not heatup high during game play, of videos play but heats up during charging and slightly during calling.  
No gorilla glass is biggest drawback of this phablet. Also camera quality is not upto the mark as compared to other same configuration like ASUSZENFONE2 having good camera. Design is regular not attractive, also FULL HD display is equivalent to HD only.
Also it can read only one memory and switching needs restarting of system. Not all apps move to SD card is also a limiting factor of this. 
Overall its a better option under 10000/-. 
 Not a power user. This review is based upon normal usage of net, calling, watsapp and youtubing.
Cons: 
1. Crashes randomly and restarts without any evident reason. Facing this issue from the first day itself.
Dont know if this is a generic issue or I have a defective device.
2. Front camera though 5mp on paper produces images as good as 1.3 MP or less(looks more like vga) 
Pros: 
1. Very light weight.
2. Rear camera is good.
3. Sound is above average
4. Screen is awesome with great viewing angle. 
Would have given 4 star if it wouldn't have been crashing. 
 The phone comes with a 13mp back shooter,5mp front shooter,1.7ghz 4G true core processor,2GB ram, and also got a 5.5inch full HD display at a jaw dropping price tag of Rs.9999/-.I recommend this product to those who want a bang for their buck.I bought this product on 1st flash sale which was on 8-7-2015.Till now no complaints.Good camera,excellent full hd display.As it doesn't come with the gorilla screen i recommend you guys to put a tempered glass for additional protection instead of using a normal screen guard.satisfied with the product.Thanks flipkart 
 Updated after using for 3 months: 
Adding to the below CONS this phone continues to heat up while on voice call which is totally unacceptable and my ears start paining even during a minute long call..is it becoz of high SAR value..whatever it is , i think this is dangerous and I am reducing the stars to one or probably zero and dont recommend other to buy it. 
I have decided to exchange it for a new MOTO X which definitely offers much better features,build, great user experience and safety for a slightly higher cost !  
CONS:
Severe heating problem! 
Had tough time to remove the battery the first time,it was just stuck there ! now could do it somewhat quickly
Was worried about high SAR value but that is still within permissible limit however the way it heats up in few mins of usage really looks dangerous.If heating persists for few more days I will be returning it!
No Gorilla glass and build is just OK(Ok only because of the price range),for few thousands you have phone makers who give superb looking devices..somehow i feel K3 looks cheap especially on the backside and inside the cover.. outside front appearance is again OK but not great and for below Rs.10000 price having other awesome features that are there these things can be compromised.  
PROS:
Awesome display!
Good processing speed 
4g works really well ! super speed but don't have benchmark to compare
Again awesome display :) 
Light weight. 
Others:
Camera shots are just OK, not great and not bad either! 
Use Google now launcher if you don't like Vibe
Dolby Atmos..I mean i dont understand how can a phone like this act as a replacement for dolby atmos sound ?? Better leave these things aside without overhyping..just make sure the phone has good speakers and clear sound.  
Would have given 4 to 5 stars if there is no heating problem. 
 I got my k3note at the very first flash sale held on 8th July and delivered on 13th July. So far so good, most of the functions are working fine. 
Bit worried about the rather high SAR value...is this why it has been nicknamed #Killer note? 
Looks, feel, touch, sound output are super..The full HD display is too good...
Not very sure if the rear camera is actually 13 MP.... images don't justify it.. 
The front camera is good, captures wide angles....but the saddest part is that the image clicked comes out as the mirror image of the subject (not sure how many have noted this, or is this a problem in my phone). eg... if you are having a mole on your left cheek, it will appear on the right side in the captured image. 
The Lenovo call centre could not provide a solution to fix this problem. 
I hope they fix this up by providing a OTA update.  
Would have given 5 stars...but resisted because of the front camera image issue.  
 this is my first time with flipkat.. n may I just say WOW! first of all the delivery was really fast.. ! thnx to flipkart services! :) now about the handset.. 
pros are:
1. looks really stylish, display is really good
2. camera quality .. is just amazing 
3. multitasking is no big a deal 
4.you can uninstall the pre-build apps(thank god!)
5.runs smooth  
cons:
1. on back light for the buttons 
2. some of the loaded games are lame 
3. no option to create a folder  
 but overall its a best budget phone.. go for it guyzz !! 
 I was bit sceptical before registering it but my inner faith on Lenovo made me to buy this product.
The biggest drawback of the product is its brand ambassador.
they are taking a help of a flop actor for to endorse it where in they don't even a actor to endorse this product. 
Have faith in your product Lenovo... and also be loyal to your costumers 
 pros: 1. Max features
 2. High quality camera with high pixel density
 3. Big screen
 4. Dolby atmos sounds
Cons: 1. according to me battery drains easily if we are too games freak. 
 mobile was pretty good, nice features but there are some bugs in the rom(when ever i open lock hangouts open automatically and my corporate email is also not configuring these are problems) 
 I am using from last one week.  
Pro's
1. Touch is very sensitive
2. Very light weight
3. Sound quality good
4. Themes good
5. Back camera good
6. Front camera excellent compare to back camera.
7. Internal Storage gives 11.50gb(16gb).
8. Battery backup is good.
9. Without using the phone battery comes more than 2 days. 
Con's
1. It takes more than 6 hours to get full charging.(Done factory reset 3 times but no use)
2. When usb connected to system then it's very slowly charged.
3. Light heating problem is there.(Now-a-days all android devices getting heated it's not a big issue.)
4. Missing navigation app(like samsung) 
Overall for 10k it's having a great features. I am very satisfied with this phone except battery charging issue. Once it charged it will give more hours. 
 Fantastic phone. High definition display and audio is superb. the speed is also awesome.It was very easy familiarize and install the apps. 
 If you ask me to compare moto E vs YU Yureka vs Lenovo k3 note... Then my first vote is to moto E (sound quality), and second to YU Yureka (Cyanogen OS) and lenovo k3 note... Psch... Nothing special to boast about. Better choice is Lumia 540. lenovo k3 note is a hype which killed my phono friend in me. Disappointed, but happy, now I decided not to get tempted by hype. A bitter lesson hard to recover from loss.
Pros:
1. Display
2. Brand value, it can help in resale
3. Did not experience any heat on long calling (20 minutes)
4. A good charger which can be used safely anywhere particularly in railways
Cons:
1. Too much hyped
2. Lenovo Vibe has to be replaced
3. Normal battery backup
4. Normal camera quality
5. Night shots are very poor
6. Dolby Atmos works only on compatible MP3's (320kbps) and not on 128 kbps
7. A very high SAR value..
Finally, not a bad phone but an ordinary normal phone. So do not hype about the phone otherwise you will get disappointed.
Better alternatives would be Lumia 540,which is available in our Flipkart.
Not the least Thank you Flipkart, you are sincere as usual in delivery. Prompt and sincere :-)   
 Awesome mobile from Lenovo for 10K.... 
PRO's
Full HD display will just blow you away..
Music quality is awesome..
Phone is slim and looks good..
Light weight... 
CON's
Vibe UI (Irritating) replaced with Everythingme launcher
Pre loaded apps.. 
Battery taking too long to change nearly 6hrs for 13% to 100% 
 PRO'S
Full hd display.the colours are so vibrant and the viewing angles are superb.
16 GB of internal memory and can be expanded upto 32GB using an SD card.
1.7 GHZ mediatek (MT6752) processor is so fast and enables smooth and faster multi tasking.
Dual 4g sim slots.
2GB of RAM.
The front camera is 5mp and is doing a better job than the primary camera.
The phone is so thin and looks good..won't feel cheaper.
OTG support. 
CON'S :
2900 mah battery is good bt it needs to be a little bit higher..coz the phone contains a full hd display and a large processor.(the battery will last a day long in normal usage)
 The primary camera is of 13 mp..it is good bt not the best. (there are some other brands which have much more good camera than this one) the pictures are so natural and realistic.
Another important thing is the phone tends to become hot,if we use the internet for about 30 mins..the screen near to the front camera side becomes hot.(I hope the company will resolve the issue in future)
It takes about 3 hrs to become full charge.
The SAR value of the phone is little higher comaperd to other phones.(so I prefer headset while making call )  
 I purchased this product on their first flash sale that is on 8th July. Got it delivered normal mode on 12th July, while it was actually scheduled to be delivered on 16th July. Thanks for making the quick delivery process. Appreciated.  
After using it for couple of days. I would like to start my review
Here are my Pros and Cons of this product
Pros
1. Look and Feel is good
2. Screen ppi is perfect
3. Primary Camera is very good
4. Secondary Camera is well suited for Selfie people
4. App icons can be grouped and it has the option to give a title to that
5. Keypad is well spaced between keys and is very easy to type
6. Dolby Atmos - Audio lovers will really enjoy this feature (works well with branded headsets)
7. Touch sensitivity is awesome 
Cons
1. Bit lengthier unable to operate in single hand
2. Battery back cover is loose
3. Felt lagging when more apps running in the background
4. Battery seems to get drained soon when in 4g network enabled
5. Always popping out sim card full message, but when it is clicked no messages is seen. 
 I got the moblie of Lenova K3 at my first booking.i used it 7days so far
My review about this phone
Less Weight
Mind blowing clarity display
Excellent and superb clarity of front Camera 5MP and have so many options for selfie
Many photo shoot option in Rear Camera.
Battery is comes 42 hrs for without using internet. by using 3g it comes 16hrs 
Negative thing is
Display glass can be broken if light hit with any object
primary rear camera clarity was not good in indoor.that pixel was broken.
phone back cover was very low quality of plastic. 
otherwise this phone was worth of money.  
 Here is quick summary of my first week with Lenevo K3:
Display = A (truely amazing)
Battery life = A (runs 2 days with Wifi, Amazing. The ultra-power saver mode is superb).
Looks & Feel = A (very light weight and nicely done). 
Noise reduction technology = A (Amazing voice clarity on calls).  
Camera = C - (13Mp is fake, its only 8MP and that too with very poor quality pics. can't even match the 5Mp camera of my older samsung core duos)
RAM & Speed = B (though they say is 2MB, most of it is eaten by the OS itself. It hangs when overloaded, twice in last seven days is not a good frequency).  
overall, some scope to make it all-in-A . but Redmi-Note at 2k cheaper may be a better bet. 
 Forget the price of this phone. It is still a good one to use even if it was costlier. 
Pros:
Good display, vibrant colors, good viewing angles
64 Bit, Octa core processor (Yes, it is not from Qualcomm, but MediaTek is not exactly a bakery you see)
Android Lollipop
2900 mAh Battery
Solid build quality. As good as any top end phone
Stutter free, zero lag operation 
Cons:
Camera is the single largest disappointment. Download and use Google Camera application. It is much better than the stock Lenovo one. 
Gorilla glass would have protected the large screen better. Can always use a Tempered glass to get a similar effect. 
Lenovo could have removed the capacitive buttons and instead supported software ones. Without the LED lighting, it is a bit uncomfortable to find and press the buttons in low light.  
 When I put Lenovo K3 Note I am facing problem of Adapter heating so is there any solution. Oher thingsv are ok no issue in last two days. 
 First Of Should Thank Lenovo Company For the Good Mobile At Low Price !
Got My Mobile Delivered On 13th , That is Not a Big Problem.. 
Specifications Are Highly Appreciable !
Camera Clarity Is Very Good !
Only Thing Is That Back Case Is Kind Of slippery ! Should Be Very careful to handle it :) 
Battery Back up is good ! 
No Cons Till Now..! 
Thank You Flipkart For The Good Delivery :) 
 Lenovo has done it again. 
I am an user of Lenovo a3000 tablet and this is what created my trust on mediatek and lenovo.
The battery drain is the most minimum compared to my other snapdragon devices. 
This phone has almost everything removable battery, sd card , dual sim , octa core, >2500mah battery, OTG, dolby etc, which you can find only 10 devices all over the world. 
I ruled out zenfone - it is intel processor running ARM software.
yureka - snapdragon's heat is well-known.
oneplus one, mi4i etc - no sd card support and pricey.
redmi note - sucks, dont ask why 
This lenovo k3 note strike the right chords. Hope lenovo will update this to Android 5.1.1 soon.   
 After 2Days of usage I can give a brief of this product.
Yeah, this phone is absolute value for money.
Pros:
1)Magical specifications in this budget.
2)No Lag.
3)No heating.
4)Good Battery life.
5)Good Sound 
Everything is perfect but as we all know nothing is perfect in this world so some of the cons are as below: 
Cons:
1)USB Slow charging
2)The App logo sizes are not good (Bigger Sizes). Could have been better I mean small & simple.
3)Brightness part should be improved in camera.
4)To Insert SIM Card & memory card you have to remove battery first.  
 The best smart phone under 10000.00. i have purchased it on 08.07.2015 sale and received on 11.07.2015. i am extremely happy with phone. the model i received is lenovo k50a40 black and it is 140gms total weight, very good features and on antutu it scored 46000 points. 
Go take and enjoy 
 As if now, most of brands are giving better specifications in 10-13k scale..!! In that k3 note's performance is a bit brilliant..!! 
Pro's:
->64 bit processor which is quite brilliant.. You can experience the difference..
->2GB ram and it optimizations is also better..
->Budget smartphone!!
->13mp rear and 5mp front* (on paper specification)
->lenovo's customized lollipop ui.. which i really loved..!!
->Display with sharp details!!
->Looks stylish 
Con's:
->No headset in box
->Camera is better on paper only,, If you are diehrt photography fan i would not recommend it..!! Lumia 730's 6.7MP cam will beat capture/photo quality of k3 13MP cam..!!
->Even front 5MP cam is also not as expected although not too bad also!!
->cheap plastic manufactured :P
->lots of lenovo factory apps!! but they can be deleted..! 
*battery backup and performance (after loading with apps n games) are not yet tested..  
 All spc are excellent only 3 backdrops 1.no gorilla glass 2.head phones not given 3. Sar value 1.59 it's very dangerous to brain so don't use for calling use head phone for calling 
 Lenovo k3 note is an amazing phone priced @ a very low price. Best in class in terms of
DISPLAY, PERFORMANCE, BATTERY, SOUND (Using Headphone), PROCESSOR.  
 for 10k full hd display octacore processor 13mp rear and 5mp front cam this phone out class all other smartphones in its price range. apart from the flimsy back cover every thing is really nice 
 every thing is fantastic ...highly recommended..no drawback..camera is awesome,,grad speed ..fantastic display....all this feature in this price is almost unbilievable 
 very very thin mobile, wen u hold the mobile u feel nothing in ur hand. so thin 
camera clarity also gud. 
cons
no headphone
no gorilla glass protection 
 Bought this phone on the first flash sale. The item was delivered within 3 days. Till now my impressions are 
Pros
1) The display quality is very good
2) Processor speed is as expected from an octa core processor with 2 gb RAM
3) Camera quality (both front and rear) is also very good ( though not excellent)
4) Used 3g Sim( Airtel, Reliance and IDEA). Speed is decent. Planning to use Airtel 4g very shortly
5) OTG support is an excellent feature in this range
6) Design is sleek and quite handy 
Cons
1) Battery life is medium. In the battery is written 2900 MaH, not 3000 MaH. Lasting for 1 full day after medium use.
2) Facing some heating issue 
Overall a very good choice under 10k.   
 Superb phone...at a very good price...
For 9999 k you can't get better than lenovo k3...
My phablet is having ...
1.High speed..Super browsing experience..
2.Amazing cameras...
3..High resolution...
4..Easy to carry...
No cons yet...
You can buy the headsets from local shops...better ones..
Lenovo has done a great job indeed..
This K3 Killed Other brands...Xiomi...Sony...Samsung...etcccc...
SO... DON'T MISS THIS PHONE...GRAB IT IN THE NEXT SALE...Result Guaranteed 
 show only 16220 score .it show lowest speed in the segment and model no show lenovok50a40.it there any problem with my handset model?? is lenovo k3 note and k50a40 same? 
 ordered the product on 8th July with guranteed delivery but got bad response and got the product after various follow ups ulitimately 11th July'15. Customer Care needs to be strenthen. after collecting the Product also getting updates of my issue closure on 13th July so proper coordination between Customer care and delivery status needs to be taken care. 
on product review it is very early to say but yes at one look it is a good and worthy product. we should have options to have all the colours. i come to know Lenovo doesn't offer Headsets which needs to be there. 
Great clarity on Camera.
Good Specs.
Good battery backup. 
people fond of selfie's will find it very interesting. they can look good on this :-)
Looks: good/Slim. have gone thru reviews where people are saying not good looking which i am not convince. it is a good looking phone.
over all 4+ rating  
on continuation to my above review on 13th July'15 today after using the device for some 20 odd days i observed hanging problem and also my touch screen is working partially and some places i am not able to sense any action like if i press 3. 6 . 9 figures. i understand that problem may occur in electronic items but i realised very poor service.. on contacting customer care on 1st Aug they have made a call arrange for 3rd august on repeated request to have the call arrange on 2nd only i see it went to deaf ears.
to receive a call should take i think 70 hrs in these days of customer service.
on getting the problem on device in just 20 days making me afraid of the choice...keeping my fingers crossed to get a good and permanent solution. 
now i will rate it 2 only 
 looks- 4.5
performance-4.5
front cam- 5.0
camera - 4.5
sound- 5.0 
cons- network issues sometimes.. dont knw maybe problem with reliance sim 
 i have never liked android phones or used any of them and since i am an iphone user, this is my first lenovo phone and i must say im impressed with the phone at such a low price, excellent UI, the camera is brilliant, the full hd display makes everything look soo much better, i would recommend this phone to everyone...... 
 It is a very good phone at this price. No any drawbacks with the featurtes. The display quality is th highlight of this phone.The front camera is unsatisfactory......
But in other aspects it is a great phone
It is very thin and slips in the palm.
Built quality is fabulous.......and at the summit it has no any heating problems...........
If u r a good gamer u may think the battery pack is insufficient for u.
But is enough for a moderate user.Battery stands upto 1 and a half day 
 Bought this phone in first flash sale on 8th july at 3PM. Got the phone delivered on 9th july at 9AM :) . Superfast delivery. 
I had even purchased its brother LENOVO A6000plus which is very good for its price. No Heating issues at all.(Seen some are getting this issue in review) 
I would rate as below:
Looks -> Killer
Audio/Video -> Killer
Rear camera -> Killer
Front camera -> Good 
Processor -> Killer
Battery -> Killer 
Basically it KILLS all the phone in the price range upto 18k. The only other phone i can think of is One Plus one. 
 I got my k3 note on Saturday after the first flash sale. 
1. best display and can be compared to any higher end mobiles
2. fast processor 
3. battery last for around a day form mid-heavy usage
4.2gb ram
5.great for playing games
6. camera good for daily usage.(nothing unique)
7.ui is good and responsive
8. has some great apps pre installed
9.call quality good with good sound quality  
 I have got just on 11th july. Review after using 2 day.
Pro.
1) Good Battery life
2) Good sound quality
3) Nice Camera
4) Almost good in every field
Cons.
1) Back cover is of poor quality it get opened when you are getting off case cover
2) No Earphone so compatible earphone is issue (bad Sound Quality in Moto Earphone)
3) Highly Ram consumption by OS (around 1 GB) 
Final Verdict : Not bad in this price. Its Awesome..... 
 An awesome phone with a handful of specifications in low budget. Using the phone for 24 hrs till now. Battery back up is good. As mentioned in many of the reviews, I couldn't experience any heating problem neither during charging nor during call or heavy operations. While intial start up an update sizing 17mb was made, and I think it might have solved the issue.
All in all a super grab below 10k 
 I have been planning of buyin a cell around 20k from past 2 months. Many mobiles were in my mind such as samsung a7, a5, sony m4, c4 but most of it had heating issues coz of overrated snapdragon processor. Finally goin through al the surveys, i find this piece of Heaven :') I was waiting for this to be released in India and the day it did, I bought it in he 1st sec in flipkart. Best part... It got sold out in 5.2 seconds!!!! 
Pros:
1) 5.5 inch display with IPS Capacitive touchscreen with excellent pixel density of 401 ppi.
2) It is mechanized with Octa-core 1.7 GHz Cortex-A53 processor and loaded by Mediatek MT6752 chipset.
3) My cell scored 46,287 score in Antutu Benchmark. It beat samsung s5 and its the highest score ever. This proves how worth the mobile is just for a price of 10k. 
Cons:
Hell no. 
Just go fo it. Its smooth and you will love it.  
 The processor works fine, Battery is decent, Touch is good, Light weight. The phone is sleek and looks good. I love the feature of this phone, all latest and present high end specification having with reasonable price. 
Cons....
Missing gorilla glass & Head Phone.... 
Thanks Flipkart for delivering before the expectation date. 
 The phone is as i expected it to be. Super satisfied with this product.
Pros:-
1) The display is just WOW being full hd with 441ppi.
2) The battery lasts for full day even after heavy usage(gaming) and charges quickly.
3) It wont slow down(lag) even after you open all applications(i opened upto 43) and can switch from one app to another effortlessly and resume your activity on that app.
4) The dolby speakers are also good. Not too loud, not too low.
5) The camera. After reading some reviews here i came across people bitching and moaning about how crappy the camera is, (this is for those people) well were you expecting an dslr quality camera in Rs.10k phone or u got a model with broken camera cause mine is working great. The camera is too good for 10k phone (both front and rear).
6) The small things like gestures(for eg;- double tapping the screen to wake up the phone) are pretty convenient as well. 
7) It doesn't heat (atleast for me) that much. Upto 39-43 degree after playing games like asphalt 8, modern combat, minion rush,etc. And it doesn't drop frames while playing these games ( a little bit in modern combat while shooting, nothing serious).  
Cons;-
1) I don't like the ui of the k3 ( just personal preference). No big issue, it can be solved using various launchers.
2) Doesn't support hdmi or mhl. A serious let down. 
Overall it's a great phone to have (if you are lucky :P) and damn good phone under Rs.10000. Just go for it.
Well that's it for my review of the Killernote. Hope it helps. 
 Bought as a gift, it is sleek and stylish.  
Pros: 
Good Camera
Fast processing for a sub 10k phone
Long battery life 
Multimedia - 9/10
Battery- 9/10
Build Quality - 7/10
Speed - 9/10
Call Quality - 9/10
Display - 9/10 
Overall= 9/10
Value for money. 
Delivery was on time, was delivered within 48 hrs of payment. Packing of phone was good.  
Note: no headphones shipped 
 today i got this phone before the delivery date. talking about the features all the features are good.
camera celerity is good but not HD. some software are inbuilt like skype,facebook,wechat,inspite of all
it is very light in weight
pros
1.light in weight 
2.genuine price
3.camera clearity
4.processor is awesome
5. aesthetics are good 
cons
1. does'nt supporting videocon sim  
on contrary phone is the best android i had ever used so guys if u r looking for best phone below 10000 u should go for it ... 
 phone is really good built. Display is nice, crisp, colors look good. no gorilla glass is a con, but scratch free cover will do the job. music is good loud. irritating thing is camera and not much ram is available to the phone; around 700-800 ram is available of 2gb. But performance is nice, gameplay is also nice. 
I would definitely recommend to buy.
expecting future updates.
one thing i did not understand is that selfie camera takes mirror image shots. I hope lenovo will help over OTA. 
 Finally got my hands on the most awaited k3 note.. was lucky to hav it in cart on d flash sale day.. received it within 3 days... gr8 job by fllipkart.
Talking bout device.. Its an excellent performer with light weight and sober looks. battery backup is good too.. nothin really to complain about the device... juz didnt received headphones in box.. datz d only cons. 
 A honest opinion after using the phone for 3 days as a primary with 2 Sims and 32 GB class 10 MiC SD card. 
Delivery: Got the phone along with the 32 GB SD card on 9/June, very prompt delivery from flipkart. 
Pros:
1) Full HD screen : the first thing you'll notice is that the clarity and detail is great. 
2)Light weight: Upgraded from a 4.3 inch smart phone, but didnt have much of a trouble getting used to it, thanks to the light weight and sleek design.
3) Seamless multitasking: Multitasking is a breeze.
4) Battery life: Has enough juice to carry through for a 1 to 1.5 days for a normal smartphone user.
5)VFM: Lenovo has got it bang-on what customers are looking for and even though you are looking at somewhere around 11.5 to 12K as you would need to invest additional on a sd card+tempered glass+good pair of head/ear phones, it still provides good VFM.
6) Features: Features such as secure zone make it different. 
What is it missing? 
1) Gorilla glass: You have to get a after market tempered glass fixed : an extra 150-250.
2) Ear-phones
3) Accessory options missing 
CONS: 
This is the segment most potential buyers would be interested in: 
1) Lot of bloatware and experimental features: Too many pre-installed apps, which can be uninstalled, some are sticky though. Many experimental features included.
2) Rear speakers: when played in high volume starts squeaking.
3) Cameras : The biggest let-down in the product, am not happy with both rear and front cameras. Hope an update solves the problem(Would give cameras 2.5/5 stars)
4) Dolby Atmos : personally feel there is not much enhancement/difference in the music quality.
5)Back Cover: Feels cheap, and doesn't feel its made to last. Though its Matt finish it still attracts lot of finger prints.
6) No exterior differentiation from A7000: There should have been some differentiating factor from the exterior to make it stand out.  
Other details
1) Charge time: Takes about 2.5 hours for a full charge. 
Summary : For the price you pay, its worth every penny. But do remember a loaded phone with SD card, tempered glass and good quality ear phones would be 11.5k to 12K.  
 its really a cool mobile...... at 10000/- u should really try this mobile.... its really a slim mobile n sound quality really cool than xperia ..... n camera quality so good... . 
its compared with NOTE 4 ..... should try this mobile with good features at less price...... 
 Best in price, You can't ask for more....but yes a headphone is only missing in this awesome package. Loved it, If you are not a big Techno type of person, I will say close you eyes get K3 Note. 
Best in it's class. 
Two Small issues: 
1) Head Phones
2) You can feel hot in starting of your calls.  
Rather than these, Awesome Buy!! 
Go For it Guys!! 
 It was amazing phone less price High range product.  
Disadvantage Lenova K3 Note 
1) Head phones not given
2) Camera Poor Quality 
 In the perspective of Battery, Not a Good Product as mentioned the specs on the paper. The battery is not upto the mark. It's just 8 hours only on 3G. 
And also, no where i've seen this Product as "Lenovo K3 Note" except on the BOX and while i've connected this phone to my laptop, my lappy identified this mobile as Lenovo A7000. 
So, let me contact with FilpkartTeam. 
 UPDATES : I am taking a star off due to it's poor build quality. Spec wise it's still best in class/price but just one drop and the edge on my phone is bent. If you buying it,, make sure you are buying a cover too. 
The phone has everything going fine for it till now. Battery backup after heavy use is one day which meets the requirement. Till now it's value for money.
I will be updating more on it down the lane. 
 the offer you gave the phone i.e airtel 4g sim is not working..and the phone is just awesome
i must say killer looks and nice functioning...thanks to lenovo for bringing in.. 
 Delivered the phone as promised within One day and as of now its working great. Camera also is good. Will surely recommend the product. 
#########
Minus one star only for din't get ear phones with the mobile.  
 I got my Lenovo K3 Note today, my previous Phone was Lenovo S890 which I was very satisfied with
and today I received this excellent K3 noteThankyou Lenovo  
 Device completely meets as expected/Specified. 
Good in performance!
Awesome FullHD screen!!
Excellent Audio result with Dolby Atmos!!! 
Thanks to Flipkart for fast delivery.  
 This is truly worth buying in the price range of 10k. Only disadvantage is that there is no hands-free but no issues since everything is compensated by its amazing features. 
 Lucky to get one on the 1st go! Opted priority delivery, and received it withing 24 hrs. Happy with flipkart. 
Pros: Configuration, getup, UI, speed excellent compared to price. My HTC at a much higher price is nowhere near it.
Cons: No earphone with the pack. 
 Fully loaded specs with so low price...Awesome ! 
I am happy to purchase .K3 Killer Note Phone which can easily compete with the strong brands 
 Heavy user and I am using this from last 28 hours since delivered, no issues at all. Amazingly fast, no heating issue, battery backup is more than 12-14hours if you are a heave user like me else can easily last around 1 day or more. Excellent! 
 This is one of the best phone within small budget but having all premium features. I was one of few lucky customers to get it on first day of sale. I received it within a day and found it very awesome. The phone is working flawless without any issues and really you will feel the premium look and full satisfaction as per overall performance. The phone is quite sleek with innovative design. Also the charging is very fast without heating. The Unique features like Dolby Atoms sound and camera quality are par apart. Overall feeling proud to have this phone. Smart shopping really !!! Thanks Flipkart !!! 
 Acquired Lenovo K3 Note yesterday . It's an awesome phone , though am still in the process of exploring it . It was a tough choice for me being a die-hard Xperia user ... but the price point was a major factor . At 9999 K 3 ............is a steal for its features , looks and weight . Enjoying it !!! 
 I GOT THIS PHONE YESTERDAY, PHONE LOOKS great very light weight, but camera quality is not good, performance wise its working fine, and sar value is very high 
 Pros:  
 * Super fast Delivery - Awesome flipkart service .....! 
 1. Value for Money [Rs - 9999]
 2. Iphone like design, Thin and light
 3. Display is crisp and decent under sunlight Very good graphics , sharp and highly responsive. great colour reprodution.
 4. Sound- Excellent Sound Quality earphone, speaker, Dobly feature is awesome. Clear output, distortion free. Good music with earphones, More audible volume with provided backside speaker
 5. Rear camera quality (13MP) which is satisfactory , Superb Camera with superb results , Decent Camera (Just clicked few. So Wait for detailed review)
 6. After playing heavy games even an hour also din't observed heat
 7. Good battery backup (On average usage it's giving more than 24hrs)
 8. Gaming- Lag free due to 2gib ram. No lagging even with heavy games(Tested with Asphalt 8)
 9. Fast Processing and Good storage, Performance matches Nexus class devices
 10. Very sensitive touch , Smooth Interface
 11. Very light weight , Very good Emotion UI 
 12. Connectivity- Absolutely no issues with regard to cellular network, GPS, Wi-fi etc. 
 Cons :- 
 # No HeadPhone ..! 
I wanted to buy a cheap and good phone, and this phone fits well for that requirment. 
 Full to Faddu phone...super fast and no heating prob.camera quality is perfect almost 900mb ram free,and i got 45k an-tutu benchmark score  
go for it... 
 First of all the Delivery Done by Flipkart was superb !! 
The Lenovo K3 comes with Screen Guard so you don't need to purchase new one differently and after using the phone for almost a day i'm feeling really satisfied... 
Pros :
1. Amazing Camera with various Effects. Blink Eye,Smooth Selfie features available.
2. The Vibe UI is pretty decent to use with no menu button dedicated.
3. Performance is very good and Speakers are awesome..
4. Its 5.5 size Phablet still you can grip it easily in one hand. 
Cons:
1. The Headset doesn't come with box which is essential nowadays.
2. The Sim card slots are located inside and need to remove battery to insert sim.
3. The lock button is located in center on right hand side. Not used to it !! 
Overall, The new Lenovo K3 is worth Money with all its features and smooth Android running with loads of apps and games !!! Definitely worth Money. 
 I am writing this review just after 1 day review. 
1) excellent performance - value for money
2) average look
3) super fast delivery 
 i never seen a worst mobile than lenovo k3 note,i used one month then started giving trouble,touch is not working properly,it contains 2 GB RAM but processor is very slow works like mobile without RAM 
 I purchased this phone on 18th oct,2015 from flipkart.Just after purchasing it started giving me an issue related to network,NO network for 2 weeks.
Deposited the phone in Service center,and they told for mother board replacement(already more than 30 request at the same center).The most cheap service people I have ever seen.Its been more than 15 days they are saying they don't know how much time it will take a month or two.
Nobody is taking responsibility now neither flipkart nor lenovo. 
Don't buy this phone as it has many issue related to touch screen,battery and mother of all "The motherboard". 
Believe in the above words,You will be cheated with this phone!!! 
don't take it for 1 Rs also. 
LENOVO K3 NOTE -FROM A 3RD CLASS COMPANY "LENOVO" 
not writing this review for time pass,its true 
 nowadays, flipkart is worst, i bought the lenova k3 before 1 month, it works good, but past 1 week the product was in malfunction like network issue, so i called the flipkart concern for replacement @ the time of 30DAYS RETURN or REPLACEMENT Policy From Bullshit Flipkart, i raised the ticket for this at the time of 28th day, at the time of 29th day called me my brother was talked with him, customer representative told to talk in English or Hindi. He doesn't know that idoitic language, so the customer representative told that we call u back later & at the time of 30th day last day they called another time and they are saying that 30 days completed, so you can go to nearest service centres, they tell that it has been cmpletd 30 days, but i raised the ticket at the time of 28 th day, what is ur wrost policies, ur the worst online shopping in my life. 
 Useless phone.. I have buy this Lenovo K3 note in oct 15 after 50-60 days the phone touch screen was not working properly & now the screen is half paralyzed. I went to service center where i received response that this is not our fault it is damaged by you. A brand new condition phone no sign of any kind of ware tear on it & the person refuse to take the phone for repair. 
I request to company if they can help me with changing the phone. 
 I have bought this phone after recommendations from many friends. I am so unfortunate that I have followed their advice to buy this product. It has no dedicated music player apart from Google Music Player. Also no headsets. 
 I have ordered Lenovo K3 Note in flipkart before 2months that is on October-2015 after 2months usage got more problems signal issue, battery drying fastly, etc., then went to service center for enqiry, they are saying like this board issue, battery issue, etc., so will take 1-month time to return back, got disappointed on all of things, this all issue due to flipkart produc quality or lenovo product quality and life. Please be aware of this lenovo K3 Note. 
Thank you,
R.Prabakaran 
 Very Bad Product Recommend not to buy , Touch screen was damaged replacement time 20 days ,service very bad treat customer with no respect 
 Its just a piece of crap. I am having hard time using it. Always giving me problems from the very first day. First of all, i got a box with opened seal and the free screenguard was in very bad shape. I tried returning it, but Flipkart's been making fool of people by telling them about their easy return policy. They never returned it.I got a call by their so called experts and then they closed the return request by themselves. Don't go after its features, its not worth buying. Just look for some other good phones. Seriously, no battery backup, no multitasking, use it for 10 minutes and it will start to slow down and eventually will stop working because of heating problem. and I don't play any games on the phone, just simple surfing and its battery goes from 100 to 15% in just an hour and when you charge it, it takes around 3 hours of continuous charging to get to 100%. By features, it seems like a complete package but not worth buying. There are too many good phones in this range, just look for them, but not this crap. 
 Worst Phone I've ever used, there is so much lag, even though the hardware is good. Unnecessary customization done by Lenovo on standard android, leading to a huge impact in performance. Should release it with standard android without this useless Vibe skin by Lenovo. 
 I have bought K3 Note and after some time I discovered that Micro SD card slot is not working in Note, Hence I raised replacement request and I don't know why Flipkart rejected request for no reason. 
So I called numerous time Flipkart and explained issue which is as simple as a chlild can understand and they agreed to go further (hold on not to replace but to go with issue verification with application) 
I got an email containing link of app and I installed it and they promised that they will call back for verification in 24 hours but no I did not get any call from them. 
Called again and again and one answer that they will call back. I have not expected this from Flipkart but sadly I have experienced it. It's time to explore other vendors too.  
 I received Lenova K3 Note on 12.11.2015. In that piece I found that the memory card slot was not working.I send a return request for the Lenova K3 note. I conduct customer care through toll freeno. 
They adviced me to install Smart check app in that phone. I install that app and call the service center. 
After few minutes they said we couldn't connect your phone. So you take the phone to Chennai for some bloody card. 
I told him that I was 500 Kms away from chennai. Then he gave me a Madurai address. 
Yesterday I spent nearly 7 golden hours. In that in service center they simply said we are not dealing with 
lenova. Then why you people give me such a wrong address. Now I have a second that about Flipkart and planned 
to withdraw my account. I very much irritate your service.  
 Everything about my purchase is 5 star. The item is the best one and the price is great (bought in special sale @ Rs 8,279/- on discount, with SBI online). Delivered the item nicely packed 4 days before the promised time. I should especially appreciate the packing which leaves no chance for tampering and of course, flipkart's care of delivering the exact item, as advertised.
I request flipkart to offer 'tempered glass screen guard' and quality earphones as an optional bundle (this would have avoided my search for these essential items). 
 Hi all, 
If you think now it is a trend to open flipkart for ordering something. Let me help few customers by telling this. 
Pathetic Delivery Experience- Order out for delivery on Wednesday 15-Oct (undelivered), out for delivery on 16th (undelivered) 17th again.. 5 complains on custmer care number, but no action 
This was exchange offer- the guy wasted my 20mins on 26-oct when product finally arrived searching IMEI number and then said there is a scratch on screen which he is not sure is a scratch or broken.  
Because of this I missed great deals on snapdeal, amazon and other websites. The big billion day as always was big making fool day. My current is phone is reset with all data and apps lost. New flipkart is saving with itself. 
Guys when it is offer time flipkart will either make us fool or their server will go down. 
 if you want nightmare and horrific incident in your life then you buy this phone. its a very cheap low grade Chinese mobile which flip-cart is selling with assurance of 30days flip-cart advantage money back policy but which is a complete false. when you request for return they will send you to customer service center and they will take month together to resolve the problem and after giving phone to service center for a month they will end up damaging your screen or other parts. its a phone which get heated up only after two minutes of conversation. 
DONT EVER BUY THIS PHONE. 
Flipcart remember one thing, you are for customer .
your existence is only when you are genuine and dont cheat customer with false promise. 
my Order ID - OD303682121368753600
Product - Lenovo K3 Note   
 I had bought Lenovo K3 note on Flip kart on 24th Sept 2015, after delivery i found battery is jam packed with mobile which is not removable. This issue is raised with Flipkart 4-5 times with Return policy option, but they have simply rejected my return request. 
 within one month the phone half screen display not working. no response to touch. and also i find difficult to find the proper service centre in chennai. i am very much disappointed with this phone. 
 Being a Flipkart first subscriber I feel cheated when even the prodcust which are flipkart exclusive are not available with "Next Day Delivery" option.
So why should I pay for Flipkart first subscription, a short while ago Flipkart was offering many products with "Next day Delivery" and now I hardly see any product with next day delivery.
It is shameful, how flipkart, when at the peak of e-Tailing business, starting to dissatisfy the customers.
I was not even given the standard delivery on time.
The promised the Item will be delivered to me by 16 Aug 2015 but after several calls to customer care I could get the product on 21st Aug 2015.
Dear Flipkart please do not think that you are only online retailing business in India, there are others also, so please improve your customer service specially the delivery system and atleast the flipkart exclusive products must be available with "Next day delivery" option. 
 Purchased on 16th July was working fine until today morning suddenly touch stopped working and can't do anything on mobile.
Also did a factory reset using recovery mode along with hard reset but still touch non functional.  
Service center said they have to replace touch which will take 15 days to repair (SERIOUSLY PATHETIC) Also they already had 6 phones in repair same issue in past 2 months (GOT TO KNOW FROM AUTHENTIC SOURCE)
You can imagine the failure rate of this phone. 
Total disappointment go for an handset which could work atleast for 6 months 
 nice mobile in this price and many feature are available. 
awesome bettery backup 
only prob is camera ..not clearity as 13 mp //
and front camera is nice .// 
 Got it through the First flash sale. Started facing touch pad issues since last few days and took it to the service centre yesterday where I was told that there is an issue with the hardware and will need a replacement which would take 7 to 8 days. Really disappointed!!! 
Also from the 2 GB RAM only 900 MB is available. Have also faced issues when the 300 MB RAM is available. 
 I wud recommend ever1 not to buy any product from flipkart.
firstly,delivery was delayed by a week ,the charger received was defective and the battery wasn't getting fully charged.
i requested for a return but they deliberately called me after 30 days so that i cannot avail the 30 day return policy....wow
Gr8 minds ....#cheaters
People beware!
 I am going to register a complaint with the Consumer Forum for their misconduct and harrasment!! 
 Since Flipkart is delivering through E-kart the delivery is well and good, for past two shipment the delivery is through Delivery.com the new logistic partner for Flipkart, I have faced a very worst experience from them the field delivery boys are providing fake reports as the customer is not available, the delivery address is not correct and when I call customer car of the delivery.com but there is no one is responding properly and the don't have the contact details of the local hub, there is only one customer care number for Delivery.com which is in Gurugoan, when I contact the customer can number and the reply from them is my address and wrong and my mobile is not reachable, and I have gave my brother mobile no also, but no one have call me naither my brother number, but in the record stats that the delivery boys came to the given address and called to the phone but unable to reach. 
The Delivery dot com logistig mad me to run behind them for past three days with out delivering the product. 
Even my order was prepaid not even COD.   
 on 7th day after my order confirmation they cancelled my order without any confirmation with a stupid reason like we do not deliver to the mentioned address.. it took 7 days for them to know this !!! unbelievable.. i was suppose to gift this product BUT really disappointing service by flipkart and their customer executives.. they just keep on repeating same answer for around 1 hr of my talk. 
 This phone has so much heating problem.. the heating temperature was 44 degree.. I called up flipkart , the executive checked the phone and said the heating temperature can be manageable till 35 degree. at that time the temp was only 32 degree. So they rejected my return request. The second executive called and said the heating can be manageable till 40 degree. but at that time my phone heating temperature was 38 degree. again the return request was rejected. The third executive when he called my phone heating temperature was 44 degree and he said till 45 degree its manageable heat and they wont replace the phone. I lost my hope in calling flipkart for fourth time and my replacement period has also got over.  
Finally they said 44 degree heating temperature is a manageable temp.. Pls do not buy any phones from flipkart because they will never replace your phone even if you have problem , instead they will make you all comments till your replacement period of 30days gets over... 
No one FRAUDS on earth and Flipkart executives are well trained to do forgery!! 
 I bought 2 mobiles from Flipkart. One for me and another for my Wife. Received the mobile for my wife first but Mic in the mobile wasn't working. Like when you make a call, you can listen the person from other side but he can't listen you. 
There are many issues in the mobile: 
1. Heating problem. When you're talking on mobile, within a minute or two mobile while heat too much that you can't hold it. 
2. You can't put a conference call, hold the call when call is going on. 
3. Internet Network will drop frequently. You can't surf when it's needed most. 
4. Mobile hang frequently. 
5. Mic issue as already mentioned. 
I immediately raised a return/replacement request. Some representative from technical team called Abdul called and he did some Smart check and told your Mobile is absolutely fine and that I was lying indeed. When I condemned, he said you have only placed one order in your wife account and asking for a replacement and that you're lying. I told him that machine can also do mistakes sometime but he didn't give an ear to that. He was very rude and abused.  
Again I got a call from some one from higher department and kept saying sorry for what happened and request me to visit the Service center to confirm if the item is indeed defective. I told him I don't need to do that since you've already decided I'm lying. If you want, please send a replacement or else leave it. He insisted me to visit the service center and asked me to call Flipkart from there if they confirm the item Mobile is defective and that they will not ask any question and will send a replacement. 
Beliving his word, I went ahead and gave my mobile for servicing and they confirmed that the item is defective, like Mic isn't working. The person who assured me for a replacement, told me that he has left a note about that and you need not answer anymore question and that a replacement will be send. No question will be asked. As I was told, I called Flipkart and the representative wasn't ready to look after the note the other guy had left and I have to narrate the whole story. This gentlemen told me that he will arrange a call back to see what can be done. I told him that I have been approved for a replacement if the service center confirms that the item is defective. 
He said he can't do and asked me to wait. I was very confused and I was not in state to believe what was happening. 
Finally I decided to handover the mobile to the service center and they said they will give the mobile back in a week. 
I got a call in evening from the same person who assured me for a replacement and he questioned me that y u have given ur mobile for servicing. I told him ur statement and other representative is contradictory and I can't believe. And what's the guarantee that the replacement will not have same or other problem. And by doing so ( by requesting a replacement) I'm againg giving a chance to Flipkart to call me and insult me. I said what I have got from Flipkart is enough and that I'm no more interested in a replacement. he offered me a refund. I said, I want the mobile and that's y I placed the order. There is no way that I wanted a refund and if that was the case, I would have not placed the order. I asked him to go through my account. I've been a customer from Flipkart since the day Flipkart was launched and asked him to check how many concessions I have taken or how many suspicious activity does he see under my account. 
This poor guy kept on repeating the same for a replacement or a refund. I told him, if you really want to help me, please let me know how to close my account. And he told yes that's ur choice. I said fine and I will figure it out. 
Thanks Flipkart for your Service. 
Regards,
Hari S.  
 Hi, 
This is to state that my Order ID OD303605571606330200 has been canceled by Flipkart without informing or taking any approval whatsoever from me. Till yesterday, when I was checking the product status on my App, it was showing that "Product Delivery Delayed due to Sim Card" or something like that. On today morning, when I just check the status of my order it was showing as "CANCELED." I was wondering what happened and I called customer care. And I have been told that there was no one at home or the call from field executive was not picked up. I EXPLAINED TO "Ms. Madhuri" and then her Floor Supervisor "Ms. Vaishali" that I never received the call first of all. 
Above all, the first phone delivered at same address and for second one, no one even bothered to call, nor did I receive any messages. 
Secondly, this is a rented house with two built floors and my landlord lives there on first and ground. And if you can check address there is no mention of floor, too. And there is not a single day when no one was there at that place. Plus, how can it be possible that One Phone has been delivered at the same address a few days back and this phone cannot. 
Now, FLIPKART trusts more on its FIELD EXECUTIVES AND THEIR FALSE STORIES RATHER THAN CUSTOMERS. I HAVE NEVER GOT ANY E-MAIL OR MESSAGE FROM FLIPKART OR THE COURIER COMPANY. NEITHER YOUR APP WAS SHOWING THE PRODUCT WAS OUT FOR DELIVERY ANYTIME. IT WAS STATING THAT EXPECTED DELIVERY BY AUGUST 18, 2015 AND I CHECKED TODAY ONLY. 
ABOVE ALL, THIS HAS NOT HAPPENED TO ME TWICE. PLEASE CHECK ORDERS OF SAME K3 NOTE. IT WAS PREVIOUSLY CANCELED FROM FLIPKART, TOO, STATING THAT "FLIPKART THOUGHT IT WAS A DUPLICATE ORDER AND WENT AHEAD AND CANCELED IT WITHOUT TAKING CONSENT FROM ME OR CALLING ME OR MESSAGING ME BEFORE DOING SUCH." 
LOOK, THE MAIL IS ALREADY TOO LONG AND I SIMPLY WANT TO ASK YOU GUYS IF THIS IS HOW FLIPKART IS GOING TO SELL PRODUCTS AND PROVIDE SERVICES, THEN SOON YOU ARE GOING TO NEXT "MAGGIE" BECAUSE IT TAKES YEARS TO BUILD A TRUST AND JUST A FEW INCIDENTS TO LOSE IT. 
NEITHER OF YOUR CUSTOMER CARE EXECUTIVE OR ANYONE ON CALL CAN HELP CUSTOMERS. THEY ONLY READ WHAT IS ALREADY WRITTEN ON ORDER HISTORY. 
CAN YOU PLEASE TELL ME WHERE I WENT WRONG? WHO IS AT LOSS NOW? Neither I can get phone now, nor promotional Citibank offer. 
WITHOUT ASKING YOU FOR ANYTHING, I ONLY WANT THIS PRODUCT TO BE DELIVERED AT MY ADDRESS AND IF YOU ARE UNABLE TO DO SO, THEN PLEASE CANCEL THE PREVIOUS ALL ORDERS INCLUDING THE K3 NOTE YOU ALREADY DELIVERED. I AM GOING TO PUT A COPY OF SAME ON EVERY SOCIAL MEDIA PAGE WHEREVER I COULD AND EVERY POSSIBLE CONSUMER FORUM BECAUSE THIS TIME IT IS HIGHLY UNPROFESSIONAL AND FRUSTRATING FOR ME. 
PRATEEK KHANDELWAL
9910070735 
 I can't use this phone high Heating issue my hear is gone ... I used many phones but this mobile is too too much i did expect this type of product an in available in market how can we use this type of product
how you release this type of product ,, damage customer health it's real ... I don't have words saying this product of heating issue ,, apart forms we can't use my hand also that much of heat ,, how I said other performs ,, this is the basic thing of mobiles ,, please modified and then release the product . that is good .. u can't control I request stop the product don't sell this .. i request you people  
 ordered the product on 5th August with full payment, now 19.08 12th August the status of the order says shipment is cancelled by courier and Refund successful! Rs.9999 has been remitted through original payment mode. Rs 9999 yet to reach my account after roting for a week in the seller's account. 
 Camera: front camera is better n rear camera is very bad to front camera. The photo are very ugly in outdoor very sharp 
Heating Issue: when pickup a call its very heating 
Wifi: after update 296mb data wifi is not detecting to nearest signal. its says not in range n not detecting wifi 
 First time delivery was delayed by Flip-kart for this Phone.but end last i got my Lenovo K3 Note.
After 3 days used : 
1)If i am using Internet (Youtube video) Phone is Heating.
2)Camera Quality is not good as given specification (13MP rear & 5 MP front) and i tested in day & night.
3)Video recording is also not good.
4)Battery Charging time is too much but when u using this phone for Talk/internet surfing battery drain very fast speed.
5)back Cover is very thin. 
So requesting to all buyer please look once my review if you are thinking to buy this phone. 
 this product more worst of my acceptation this product camera like 2 mega pixel and battery is 1000 mah i was use last 10 days of this product and i am totally dissatisfied with this product, i was purchase this product to view the image of flip kart but very disappointing please stop the sale on flipkat it is you prestigious issue.........? 
RATING IS 000000 
 do not go on any of the crapy reviews this phone is the best to buy at this price point better than asus zenfon2 , mi4i ..m1 note ..its just the best
every thing in this foone is the best ..be it full hd screen..be it the 64 bit processor be it the design ..no one believes that it costs only 10k after seeing this phone..
the only thicg which is not the best but decent is its camera..evry thing else is the best..its battery backup is also great..with the untraa power saving mote it can work for days..there is no major heating problem.its just amazing ..never noticed any lag till now after using it for 5 days and done heavy gaming like fifa mc 5 ucf etc. 
do not give it a second thaught guys just go for it... 
 I change my review on this coz I face lots of problem with this mobile. Today 8/11/2015 I faced lots of hanging problem in this, some time I think that why this kind of bad mobile I buy" or vo bhi flase sale m". Flipkart also degrading there trust to sale this kind of bad product on there plateform. 
my last review. 
I use this mobile from 9/7/15. It's working fine. I satisfy with this. Processing fast and mainly I use camera of this and its work great.In looks its satisfactory if I compare with my last mobile Moto G. Big screen have some advantage and some disadvantage. But overall I recommend this mobile. 
 The battery stucks in case and doesn't come out smoothly. You need to go to expert to get it out and that will cost you time and money. 
The SELLER is worst. Dosn't respond to your replacement request (placed immediately) and rejects it without understanding the problem or MANUFACTURING DEFECT.
STAY AWAY FROM THIS SELLER AND FLIPKART... 
 Phone is good.Features are good.Camera is good.Price is good.Brand is good.
 But Flipkart is BAD. 
Giving 1 star only because it is sold by these Cheaters.
They think that a customer paying before getting the product is fool and they can deliver the product to him at any time as they have got the money in there backs.
I bought this product the first day of the sale and paid these RETARDS that very time. No COD.
But see what they do.
I got the phone after 6 days and my friend who ordered it on COD got it after 2 days.
Flipkart, I should tell you guys one thing, the bad reputation you are gaining will be doing wonders for you. 
You can copy Amazon's work, but you can't maintain the reputation they have build even in the market like India.
So what if these so called IITians have started Flipkart, they are still miles behind other e-commerce websites as they don't know how to do business. 
 I am writing this review because I have experienced the worst service and cheat from both lenovo and flipkart. I ordered Lenovo K3 note from flash sale by flipkart on 8th july 2015. The phone got delivered to me on 11th july 2015. After using my phone for only a day it started heating from back panel and also the front glass started heating even if I am playing any game or music for only 2 to 3 minutes. I did a return request to flipkart immediately upon knowing the heating issue. After a day I got a cal from flipkart and they tried to check my phone temperature by using their app called smartcheck app. The flipkart executive easily said that the phone is working fine and there is no heating issue. I tried to tell him that its not good and the phone is heating even I am playing small games, but the executive gave me a rude reply by saying that the issue is resolved and if you are not satisfied that you have to approach Lenovo service center. Why the hell I will go to Service center when flipkart assures me 30 day replacement guarantee. It is the worst service by flipkart and I am very unhappy with the phone heating issue. Please dont get cheated by flipkart return and replacement policies as this are all to suffer the customer. 
 I ordered and got new Lenovo K3 Note. Back panel is not fitting properly, so i called them for solution. Since its not fitted properly it making noise if u hold my phone. 
Solution they gave : Sir pls press the mobile sir, if its making noise why are you pressing your mobile. ( even i hold i am facing this problem, see how careless they care). 
They asked me to go to Lenovo store for this issue. Which is not near my living area.  
So better think before you buy any product in FLIPKART.  
 Flipkart thoroughly goofed up with the delivery through their logistics parner and as a result my order got auto cancelled. So, even after being one of the many customers to book it in the first few seconds, I am unable to get Lenovo K3 note delivered to me.
Very bad indeed 
 My phone is working gud better than my moto g. The charger came with box is not working in stead of box replacement. flipkart is negotiating for charger replacement.I have charged with moto G , it took 4.5 hrs to charge 50%. I got replacement in 24 hrs . 
 Hello all 
i buy this K3Note but at the time of dilevery there is no phone in the box and i am shocked to see that my 10000 lost 
today i complaint this thing to flipkart if they do not take proper action then i will not buy anything from flipkart 
 I successfully ordered Lenovo K3 Note with 1 Day delivery 
It was packed and sent for shipment 
Shipment was returned with No Reason 
I called Flipkart. They are giving the Bullshit Reason That due to Bulk order we are not able to deliver. But the Product was already packed and sent for delivery as per Flipkart Status. 
Can anybody suggest to whom to escalate as i wasted my time in registering and then waited for 08 JULY. Now to get my phone i have to wait for next sale.   
 Hi All,
 i have waited long for this phone to launch in india finally on 8th july wait time was over ordered phone got ophone on 9th .
1.Sound super
2.Camera Good.
3.Look Good 
 Only Disappointed me when i see any video song it does not run smooth .stoppingertbuffering just after 4-5 seconds.Tried using differnt sim cards as well as broadband wifi connection but the same problem.Same is Lenovo A6000 it runs very nice.
Want the phone 
 Directly to the point: 
Pros:
light weight , good ui. 
Cons:
after playing fifa15 for max 10 mins, the upper side and lower side becomes so hot that i have to close the phone for half an hour so that it should not burst. even when i am playing the screen becomes so hot and processor work bit slow because fifa 15 is lagging ,the frame got struck and many more issues. 
and the problem with airtel 4g sim, continuous popups coming on the screen about your application rejected. i dont why it is coming. 
i buy this phone by reading most of the expert reviews but no one mention that device becomes so hot while playing high graphic games. 
Its a good phone you can go for it only if you are not addicting to games. 
Thinking of making a return. 
 the phone is good but i am facing problem in (MENU, HOME AND BACK BUTTON ) IN NIGHT I AM NOT ABLE TO SEE ALL THIS 3 BUTTON the light of this button is not working also there is heating problem in this phone and also there is very fem setting available in camera option 
 killer note - k3 note no where written on phone except on box
good battery(lasts nearly 5hrs continuous using)
 - light weight - good screen - good camera 
-ves
it takes nearly 6hrs + for full charge
its getting heated 
more important - u cannot use as usb drive for copying files from system
nor connect to lcd tv for watching movies
charging usb wire too short - so forget using while charging
definetly missing that brand grand hifi look / feel 
 Got lucky with the first flipkart flash sale. The phone has many unnecessary apps preinstalled. I didnt like preinstalled app especially the flipkart app and ofcourse the true caller app. Many games are also preinstalled an i had to sit and spend time to uninsall these.
The notification centre is good and usefull. Sound is great. Display is mindblowingly awesome.There is no words to explain the richness of the display. The camera is disappointing. Despite being 13mp, the quality is bad. The issue seems to be software only as the preview is comming well .As soon as you click the photos are blurred and dull . I am always against spending more than Rs20000 for stuff like phone. So for Rs10000 the Lenovo K3 Note is is worth the money 
 When connected to Wifi or long talking in phone getting heat near ear.Remaining every thing is super... 
 when i got this phone i was very xited, but when i start the phone after 15 min. its just heat up like fire. then the battery just stuck in their that's why i can't insert my sim or any thing. that is the worst phone i ever see./....... 
 I do not need to reiterate that the major thing going for this phone are the Specs n features it boasts of at such an affordable price. But I have encountered a few things on using it that tell me that it isn't really as good as the specs and the flash sale marketing "gimmick" make it out to be. 
Pros:
Affordable price with good specs
Good enough battery life for a phablet
Light weight
Operates smoothly without much lags, especially while playing games,etc 
Cons:
I didnt like the User interface.
It crashed a couple of times while downloading apps on google play. Take that as you will.
Flimsy back cover n plastic finish.
My HTC phone( with HD display and little lower specs) has a much better user experience than this Lenovo K3 Note(Full HD display)  
In Conclusion, it has the specs of a upper mid end phone but lacks the feel and arguably even the performance of one but is still good value for money. But People should look at other good and maybe even a bit more expensive phones(Samsung, HTC) first to make a good informed choice, before falling for the flash sale and buying this one. 
 Here is the genuine my review for so called the killer note.. 
Before buying ask yourself two questions
A) Is it worth to invest Rs10k in a phone with which u cannot even talk..
B) Is the phone providing u with the basic features of a smartphone. 
Here is the reality check
1) Calling: Heats at the ear piece that u cannot talk for 5 mins. 
a) While recording video with in 2 min phone getting heat
b) During playing games crady crazy with in 5 phone getting heated 
c) While download ph getting heated
d) While connected 3g mobile net ph getting heated upto 51 deg heat
e) While connect charger ph getting heated
f) ph charging getting very slow ( If u connected charger 5 , battery % around 50 %)  
2) Camera: Both front and back cameras are bullshit so u will regret if u r purchasing this just becoz they say its 13 MP its not even 8 MP. 
3) Gaming: Lags with high end games and gets heated up. 
4)Social networking: The battery drains too fast that u will end up charging the phone whole day as the charging time is more than 4hrs so if u charge the phone twice u will waste 6-7hrs jst charging the phone. 
5) Touch issue: The touch becomes unresponsive while typing msgs. 
6) Build quality: worst, made up of cheap plastic back cover makes sound if u hold it tightly. 
7) SAR: This is the major issue it comes out to be 1.59 and u can feel it as well I get headache and nausea while talking and using the phone in 10 mins. SO ITS A #KILLER NOTE IT WILL KILL U. 
8)Sound quality: Giving 1 star jst for it dolby atmos do the justice. 
9)RAM: only 900 MB for use not even 1GB wtf. 
10) UI: Boring you cannot customise anything.  
 hey guys i got phn on 22th n writing this true review about this phone: 
pros:good display, 5.5 inch screen, music quality is good, battery back up average but can last very long if kept on stand buy
cons: phone laggs for exampl in asphalt 8, heats like iron on the ear phone so u can use to phone for long time calls (it can burn ur ear beware), camera is a average one (not like 13 mp at all)
SAR value 1.59 nearly to the highest limit where as samsung phone n even micromax has around .5 SAR
n only around 800 mb ram is available for usage all the time 
Thank god i got some one to sell this crap phone. 
peopl this phone is more for saying dont buy it! 
my rating is 2 star 
 I got my K3 delivered on 26th July 15. On 27th July suddenly phone started restarting automatically. 
The reason was main board is gone. Bluddy cheap this is china product.  
One of my friends has also bought this phone and facing hitting issue. 
DON'T BUY THIS PHONE. 
 It is bad site to purchase electonic product. plz not purchase electronic product. Only purchase clothes & any other product.   
 the system was running smoothly but after the 296 MB update I am unable to connect to wifi or use xender ! :( ??? why ????? :( 
 SAR is a measure of the rate of RF (radiofrequency) energy absorption by the body from the source being measured  in this case, a cell phone. SAR provides a straightforward means for measuring the RF exposure characteristics of cell phones to ensure that they are within the safety guidelines set by the Federal Communication Commission(FCCs) 
SAR testing uses standardized models of the human head and body that are filled with liquids that simulate the RF absorption characteristics of different human tissues. In order to determine compliance, each cell phone is tested while operating at its highest power level in all the frequency bands in which it operates, and in various specific positions against the dummy head and body, to simulate the way different users typically hold a cell phone, including to each side of the head. To test cell phones for SAR compliance, the phone is precisely placed in various common positions next to the head and body, and a robotic probe takes a series of measurements of the electric field at specific pinpoint locations in a very precise, grid-like pattern within the dummy head and torso. All data for each phone placement are submitted as a part of the equipment approval test report for final authorization. However, only the highest SAR values for each frequency band are included in the final authorization to demonstrate compliance with thee Federal Communications Commission's RF (Radio-Freq) guidelines. 
As you can see that Lenovo K3 spec is tremendously high when compared any other phone in that price range. The SAR Value is calculated based upon its maximum usage. So, a lower SAR Value doesn't simply implies that the phone somehow safer than a phone with higher SAR Value.A single SAR value does not provide sufficient information about the amount of RF exposure under typical usage conditions to reliably compare individual cell phone models. Rather, the SAR values collected by the FCC are intended only to ensure that the cell phone does not exceed the FCCs maximum permissible exposure levels even when operating in conditions which result in the devices highest possible  but not its typical - RF energy absorption for a user 
 This mobile problem is left side touch is not operate and heating problem and hanging problem. or very bogus company of lenovo   
 dear lenovo compamy you gays keep contact with other online services flipkart not going to reach your bench mark selling  
 got the new phone . while using,phone getting hang and google chrome automaticaly closing when multiple tab is opened in google chrome browser. 
 the phone has useless camera though 13mp
no earphones in the box
high SAR value compared to others
battery backup not as expected.. .. half of what expected............
..
.
.
.
.
.  
 problems in head phone slot is solved... It is not a problem we have push the headphone with little force... Overall the phone is good. The inbuilt apps and the UI are awesome. 
Camera - good
sound - good
display - excellent
processor- average
battery- not good in comparable to other phone
network - average
sensor- good 
cons
Heating problem when multitaskin and using wifi for long time....
Ceramic speaker disabled.. 
I still have to see the phone for any other problems may arise.... 
 first day antutu score is always above 45000. but today the phone is also bit slow and antutu score dropped to 20000-30000 every time. should i return the phone or is antutu score irrelevant . please advice. 
 Phone performance is really good.
Speed is also good.
But i didn't get the earphone of the phone this is bad.   
 Its has been only 2 days. Build quality is ok as it has got the plastic body, performance looks excellent, FHD screen rocks for videos and games though games are yet to be tested, DOLBY ATMOS speakers are super hit and sounds top notch. battery is actually of 2900 MAH which flipkart claims as 3000 mah. Also the Antutu benchmark is around 42000 and flipkart says its beyod 45000. These things hardly matters when you get a value for money device but flipkart should display the correct spec. 
 K3 Note with such a high config - Octacore, 2GB, 16GB and 13/5MP camera at sub 10000/- makes this phone unbelievable and most desirable phone in market as on today. 
This definitely beats all players in Sub 10K bracket, particularly Xiaomi. 
my opinion goes even if price of this phone is higher 2-3K still it would have his market share. 
few great features or thumbs up other than above are- 
- 5.5" Screen
- Dolby Sound - Quality is really gud
- 16GB / upgradable to 32GB Space - can accommodate everything
- Massive battery 3000mAh 
 Unboxed the phone today and at the moment i was impressed of its design and light weight.  
The phone specification is really impressive for this budget. Need to say its one of the best budget phone. Great work Lenovo! 
Thanks flipkart for delivering before the expectation time. 
 The features of the product are good but make is not impressive. In box accessories headset is not provided, you have to buy it separately which makes you fool. 
 Awesome and worth for 9999/-  
but the model says : Lenovo K50a40. What is K3 then? 
cons:
1. No head phone given.
2. Should have gorilla glass.
3. Should have been provided with covers.   
 I purchased this product with lots of hope and thought I will gift it to my younger brother, but after opening the box I find Ear Phone was missing, I called customer care they said this product comes without earphone, I am amazed how a company like Lenovo can take Rs 10000/- and sell a product without "earphone "which is most essential part of the phone. 
Feeling cheated and very dis-satisfied please do not purchase this product. 0 stars 
 I am using this phone from last 20 days and I am finding that while using this phone their is continuous pain in my head and when I am talking to someone on this phone the pain is increase. 
I had also put this phone on hold and start using my old phone then their is no pain in my head.. So, Its clear that I am not suffering from any headache problem. 
I had also applied for return..... because the main thing is health.... 
If we are good we can buy more phone..... 
Thanks... for reading.. 
 Overall a good phone but very poor quality of sound especially when you are in a call. Most of the time the conversation is not clear. Camera is good. Speed mast. Would have been even better had they included an earphone. I wonder how much they saved by excluding earphone in inbox. 
 I've been using this phone more than 1 week now. So, I will tell you the true review that you need to know. 
Design(10/10): Lenovo K3 Note is very light and easy to hold, even it is a 5.5 inch smartphone! The volume buttons and power button is easy to reach. Hats-off Lenovo for such an amazing designed phone. 
Display(10/10): It is one of the best displays I've ever seen on a smartphone. The 5.5 inch 1080p IPS display clarity is marvellous and it truely glows our eyes! It looks like a Rs.25000+ phone! But, it does not have screen protection like Gorilla Glass. So, you should buy a tempered glass for avoiding scratches. 
Camera(8/10): It's the department where lenovo phones normally gets complaints. But the camera on K3 note is not bad at all, but it's not that good on some low light conditions. Anyway, putting the dual flash on makes the camera quality rich even on low light. On daylight, both back(13MP) and front(5MP) camera are pretty decent and produce good quality pictures. So, Lenovo has improved the camera greatly from A7000,P70 and other phones. Camera is damn worth for this price range. So just go for it. 
Performance(10/10): The CPU is a 1.7GHz Octa core processor and it performs very fast and smooth. I saw no lag at all. switching apps is fast and multitasking is butter smooth, I switched over 10 apps on background and it produces at Real-time split-second speed. I just can't define it more. ;) 
Benchmark(10/10): This is where K3 Note blows me away. It scores 46219 on Antutu benchmark, which is far greater than high-end phones like Galaxy S5, OnePlus One. It simply means the performance of this phone is superior than high-end phones and it nearly reaches the Galaxy Note 4. And note that, this is the benchmark of a budget phone of just Rs.9999.  
Gaming(9/10): Casual gaming on this phone is really smooth (Subway surfers, candy crush etc.). But when it comes to HD Gaming like Asphalt 8, Modern Combat 4, it lags here and there on the highest graphics setting. But, its not that annoying. For smooth gaming, just set the graphics to medium. 
Audio(10/10): The audio quality is pure, smooth and realistic. the speakers produce a high quality audio output; it makes the call quality very decent too. You want to know why? Because the speaker is equipped with Dolby Atmos, which offers theatre-like 360 degrees surround sound experience via headsets and it just does it! 
Battery(9/10): When we buy a phone, we must consider the battery backup. This phone is equiped with a 2900mAh removable battery and it lasts for 2-3 days of normal usage easily. On heavy use (20%Gaming,30% browsing,20%camera/video recording,30%other activities), it lasts for 1 day. So, the battery backup is good. Another interesting thing is the quick charge feature. I have to admit It really works; the phone charges from 0 to 100% for just 2 hours! The only problem I noticed is the battery is very hard it remove, even though it is removable. SD Card and SIM card can only be inserted by removing battery and you need a knife or something to get it out! 
Software(10/10): The Android 5.0 Lollipop with Lenovo Vibe UI 2.5 makes it very easy to use and feel good. It comes with some stock softwares like Theme Center,Shareit,Chrome,Truecaller,social websites like facebook,twitter, games like Asphalt 8,Tap the frog HD etc; which are quite useful. 
Connectivity(10/10): First of all, the phone supports OTG cable,so you can connect a pendrive to the phone. The WiFi is very fast and both the 2 sim cards supports 4G/3G/2G networks. Connecting phone to a computer and data transfer is super-fast..! 
Verdict(10/10): Overall, the phone reaches every sphere of being like a High-end device. If you're curious about camera, it's really worth the price. Battery backup is very good. So, Lenovo K3 Note exceeds all expectations of a budget smartphone and really worth a buy and support. I totally recommend it over Asus Zenfone 2, Xiaomi Mi4i, Meizu M1 Note, Moto G and other phones of this price range.   
 Nice Product. But SAR level is VERY HIGH.....
It's a worth of money and high configuration for the amount what we paid for. But still i'm not happy with a product. 
I FEEL VIBRATION LIKE WAVES ON HOLDING THE PHONE... 
1. SAR level is high 1.59 w/kg (maximum limit 1.6 w/kg in India).
2. No head set  
 A good Smart Phone at a reasonable Price, Specification looks amazing though i have used it for one day, 16 GB with 2 GB RAM, PPI of 441, Battery 3000 Mah, What else do you need at this price, i am sure this will reach to Masses at will make an history, Good Luck Lenovo !!! 
 the phone is good but I am not sure whether it is the K3 note where they have posted coz it does not have dual tone camera 
:( 
 everything is amazing in this phone except camera quality . camera quality is really bad. but good budget phone under Rs. 10,000 
 I got the phone within one day. Delivery was good.  
Camera quality is not good. It is not seems to be a 13 MP rear camera and 5MP front camera.The photos taken are look like painting. 
Heat is produced in normal use and when charging also. 
Everything else like processing speed, display quality, sound are very good.  
Need to know that, why heating problem? Is it a hardware issue? Should I request for replacement? 
 A great phone for the price you pay. The only thing I wish they could have incorporated in this phone which has been left out is the presence of back-lit keys. The 3 keys provided aren't back-lit so you might struggle at times in complete darkness while operating the phone 
 Just Great!
Every thing is good.
The inbuilt calendar is good in Samsung but it's OK.
Go for it. 
 I am using this phone from last one month,the good ram size,internal memory makes phone good,but i dont why lenovo gave processssor on the head of the phone.when being used for half hr ,it gets to hot. 
 I got a LENOVO K3 NOTE through FLIPKART o 23 October, 2015. It stopped searching Mobile Networks since 25 November, 2015 and now it isn't working due to this problem. I found this mobile phone useless as it is not capable to work on DUAL SIM PATTERN. It has a technical fault and result SIM1 signals affects SIM2 signals...!!! LENOVO should see this technical problem. I will not recommend this phone to anybody. 
 Features are good but its not satisfying the basic need of a phone. I am using this phone from past 50 days. This phone is very bad in catching network signal. It fluctuates always. When ever I travel I goed to Emergency Call Only and It stays like that only even though there is full network signal available. 
 Fantastic product and prompt delivery. Kudos to your team for verifying the product before hosting on your site. Delivery is the deal clincher. had purchased for my younger brother. Thanks for making his Deepawali special. Always rely on Flipkart for major electronic purchases and have never been let down. 
 Good phone at this price
Great phone with good camera,good performance,good UI,awesome sound quality,no lags or hangs,a acceptable baery performance.. -------------- SAR VALUE -------------- Many people are worried about the high SAR values of K3 Note. I was also puzzled about it. So I did some research and found this out- I found out that the SAR rating of K3 consists of all the radio frequencies like wi-fi, FM. The SAR rating of K3 for voice calls is 0.641kg. Also the SAR rating of K3 is measured on American scale rather than EU scale. American scale always gives higher SAR values. Companies like Samsung and Micromax give SAR rating on EU scale. Also, many manufacturers give SAR rating for voice calles. For example- SAR value mentioned on the box of Galaxy S5 is 0.72kg but this SAR value is for voice calls only. The SAR value of all frequencies on S5 is 1.45- 1.59kg. But Samsung does not mention these, but when Lenovo does all the people are creating hype about K3 Note. So, I will suggest you not to worry about SAR rating and compare other aspects. (Lenovo shared this information on their Twitter Handle). 
 I purchased this phone from Flipkart on 16th Oct , and because of flipkart first customer subscription i got this phone on next day only.
This is my 7th Smart Phone , after Sony Xperia Neo, Samsung Galaxy S2, Samsung Galaxy S3, Moto G , Moto E, Xiomi Mi3
Display- with 401 PPI display quality is very good , if you frequently see video on net this phone is best for its price , thought it need some improvement when you use this phone in direct sunlight as color got faded. but you can't expect too much in this range of phone. 
Performance and Software - On the paper it has very good 1.7 GHz Cortex-A53 (MediaTek MT6752 64-bit 4G LTE) Octa Core Processor, for normal usage this is fine but when you do so much multitasking this phone stuck too much , if you used whatsapp so much always close some running application otherwise keyboard will not be responsive too much which will affect your typing speed. Also Gaming performance is not at all good for high end games like Asphalt 8, though for low end game it work nice. So if you really want some good performance from this phone close unused running application and then use it.
Here is detailed Benchmark Score for the phone please note down all performance test has been performed after half day of usage and in Half Battery:
Antutu - 44250
Geekbench 3 Single Core - 805
Geekbench 3 Multi Core - 3809
Vellamo Chrome -3347  
software is Android 5.0.2 with Lenovo own UI, which is quite good and easy to use. 
Camera and Battery- It has 13MP rear and 5MP front camera, both camera did good performance (don't expect flagship like picture), I have used Mi4i as well for some days and believe me it did good performance from Mi4i, front camera snap good picture as it has beauty option enabled . when comes to battery phone is a disaster , dont go for this phone if you are moderate to high usage user , especially in 4G, though it did moderate performance when I use only 2G with very less use of phone. I need to charge it twice a day, which is very disappointing , Lenovo need to work more on battery side. 
Final Verdict - Go for this phone if you like to watch Videos and want a cheap phone with decent camera performance , don't go for it if you like to surf more and if you like to play high-end games. Though phone is very cheap but again we have so many option available in this price range . Like Mi4i which is somewhere lags in Camera department but having very good hardware and battery performance. Also New MOTO G can also be a substitute for this, and if you can spend some more bucks you can get Honor 6 or Mi 4 whose performance is almost like a Flagship. 
Rating- (Based on its price which is 8000) 
Performance - 6/10
Software UI - 7/10
Display - 9/10
Camera - 8/10
Battery - 4/10 
hereby i am giving it two star on flipkart as it did disaster performance in two main area in Performance and Battery Department. 
 I am using k3 note 2 month.after some day mobile is hanged .Ram only available 500mb max.
white screen problem.plz don't purchase lenovo any mobile. 
 I bought my Lenovo K3 Note a few months ago and its touch screen has already started malfunctioning. The audio jack doesn't work anymore and the phone slows and heats up regularly at which point all I am able to do is remove the battery and plug it back in. I am going to replace this phone the first chance I get. It is horrible and I would've been better off with a Asus or a Micromax (which lasted me 3 years without much issue.)  
Most of the reviews here present a first time use review and I can assure you that the first time I used my Lenovo K3 Note, I loved it too. Everything was perfect and absolutely lovely. It was the next couple of times that really bother me. 
 its givving problems after using 20 days like screen stops working also its camera quality is very low plus gets hang every time while multitasking..................... 
 after using this phone since last 2 week i have nothing than regret myself. 
lenovo owner are trying to tag this product as Luxury Brand but in reality its a shit.
200% i will tell you that levono has worst developer and tester who don't know the market needs. 
why i am angry. read below 
1. its lagging alot even i had not installed too many Apps. (i have M-indicator, slack, GreyTipHr whatsapp, google hangout) 
2. if you plug ur charger into laptop and start any application (try camera ) it will tale enough time to make you angry. 
3. if you will use another charger (even in wall socket ) device will show "its charging" when its not charging. in evening 7 PM i plunged carbon charger and when i back 7:40 PM, you will not believe it but i found same 42% as it was before.  
4. even with lenevo charger, my device is not charging via laptop. (in 30 mnt i am getting 1% increment in charging.) 
only camera is good nothing else. if they can return my money or replace with other phone..it will be great help for me. 
Suggestion for lenevo Dev-: Wearing nice jacket, shoes and googles will not make you popular, you should be nice by your karma...(designing the nice UI is not all About, care about your functionality) 
Worst product Ever i found. 
 As many others..I bought this phone after looking its awesome features...RAM, Camera, Display and bla bla bla.
As soon as you receive phone, U will realize how cheaply it is designed.
The phone doesn't look smart nor handy.
Battery drains like hell though you can better its performance by power saver settings.
Camera... One should be shocked why it is said it is 13 Mp. Not expected this from Lenovo.
Heats up.... Yes it heats up. More u use. More it heats. Can be useful in winter though!!!
Many things to tell....
.
.
Come to the point. You don't have to spend your valuable money on stuff like this.
Kind advice.. go for Moto G3 phone. 
Moto G 3rd Gen
Tough and very handy phone. (No cheap material like Lenovo)
Looks fab. Really fab. (Not like Lenovo.. A dibba)
Great Cam... I must say (after comparing it with lenovo k3)
Really comfy in operating.. really... The designer of this phone should be awarded.
Display.. so cool...anti reflecting.... (Not like lenovo K3-Glaring)
.
Many good thing to tell about Moto G3 phone.
.
If you really wanna make a good choice. Go for MOTO G3
Yes price is little higher..but the happiness is more than that you spend...!!!! 
Thanks,
Kumar 
 Phone is not up to the mark . Touch response gets very bad after getting heated . Only 400 to 500 mb ram remains after opening a single app like UC browser. Phone gets heated very badly after using 3g for an hour and heats on the upper portion nearby the front can and proximity sensor and the whole side even the whole display gets heated that u can't use the cell for voice call after. 
 Totally dis-satisfy from the set. It has many problems i,e. it gets heated and impossible to take it near the ear, having weak signalling problem and consumed nearly 1.5 GB RAM for applications. 
 This phone Looks goods in 10 K, But it has serious problem. Like Heating and Battery Charging and Working Life.  
Also, I want to bring this into your notice that FLIPKART, is not going accept return. 
You can understand that I am writing this review on the same day when I got this product. 
 this mobile sucks as it got hanged or like 8-9 times within 10 days of purchase. Please be aware of it. On papers features wise it looks cool but it sucks big time. 
 I have had nothing but problems with this phone, from motherboard replacement to touch panel replacement to phone replacement i have seen it all with this device and their customer service centers are pathetic as well. 
 All the features are good, but the worst thing is heating problem(i cannot be able to speak for 3 min also) & the SAR value is very high 
 I bought this product recently after reading wonderful reviews, but I am disappointed to see only less than 500 mb RAM is free out of 2GB RAM. Where that 1.5 GB RAM gone? If OS takes that much RAM than this phone is not what we are looking for. It hangs like hell 2-3 times need to restart to make it work. Need to go to service center. 
 Don't just buy it falling into the trap of its specifications. It is performing so badly in many aspects. 
Here are few drawbacks of Lenovo K3 Note: 
1. Camera is worst.
2. Heating Issue (50 C is common temperature). 
3. Battery Backup is worst. 
Display & Internal Storage are the only plus features for this phone. 
Compared to this Honor 4X is performing in a lot better way at the same price tag. 
Spec Rich Performance Poor Mobile... 
 Phone camera,battery backup and Performance is not satisfactory..phone got stuck so many times while playing games or sometimes also in normal operation... 
 Dear Friends cum Brothers
Don't buy lenovo mobile its worst Chinese company.
I want to say that if you want to buy cheap mobile buy Redmi Mobiles But don't buy Lenovo
I am from Ahmedabad,Gujarat and there is only one service center and they told me not to repair in warranty. Because its mother board is blasted but how ? I just was playing game and its switched off and dead. And they do not want to repair in warranty. 
 Such a worst phone i have ever seen. Even a phone with 500Mb RAM works faster than this.Such a pathetic performance that is is delayed for a couple of seconds even to open a saved contact.
Heating is a big issue. It gets heated all of sudden. Frequent malfunctioning of Voice MIC.
Camera is not worthy of 13MP. No complete zoom available.
Can't move apps to SD Card nd worst performance in all ways. 
I am writing this review after using this mobile for more than a month...
Really shame on Lenovo. Mobile hangs like anything if we just open 3 tabs. Then why d hell they challenge for multi tasking. 
Please buyers.... Consider these things before u buy. I am really worried of the mobile performance. 
 I have bought this phone 3 day ago but i disappointed with both camera picture quality. picture quality is very poor like a VGA camera. 
 Sorry for cruel attack on this mobile (tawa)..
I regret buying this phone.. I wish people who bought or to buy this tawa, a wonderful paining experience. 
To convert your Lenovo K3 Note into Full Hot Stainless Tawa, just follow these below steps.
1. Keep 3G on and browse for 15mins... Success
2. Play any game for 15mins... Success
3. Talk for 15mins.. Success 
Do any of the above steps and get ready with EGG to boil and have it as Omlet or Half Boil, if you have onion and masala items too, you could even prepare Egg Burji in 2 mins (No Maggi) 
Friends I regret buying this crap.. 
Consider, If you don't have Tawa or Gas facility in your home, It is a better and best option to buy Lenovo K3 Stainless Tawa. 
I think, Flipkart should discontinue this crap and don't it anymore pls. 
Yes, there are all specifications in this mobile, but you can't use them, once the mobile started getting inferno kind of HOT.. 
I may not wonder in near future if the Mobile melts down or Burnt due to heat.. 
These things happening even after the firmware updates done.. 
I didn't want to post such negative (real) review, but I can't bear this non sense mobile's torture. 
I am using the phone for last 30 days..  
Disappointed.. Thanks Lenovo, you taught me to never buy anything from your brand. 
Rating stars are not available less than 0.. So unable to give it in Negative Rating.. Friends may consider my rating as -5 
 I bought this phone at 4 sept..but this phone is not working properly...like display is fluctuating and looking blur...and camera quality is not good. 
 This is the worst phone that I have ever seen. Heats up a lot.heated up til 42 degree.you can feel that in your hands.If you request for return ,flipkart will tell that it is normal.flipkart you should use it then you will understand how buyers feel. It has hardware problems. Screen is worst and phone is very slow. They are boasting about 2gb Ram .user Gets only 1 Gb to use. Don't waste your money buying this phone. Rather buy Moto G 3rd generation. It's just awesome . 
 I used this phone last 15 days .
good- 1.looking nice
 2.Ok camera 
 Bad-1. Its produce lots of heat when the mobile continuously using more than 20 min
 2.when ever you play the games in this mobile your getting heat in mobile
 3.then also you are using Data connection(Net ) immediately the phone will heated a lot  
 The mobile has all the feature on its best, but lack with one major part....Network! 
Without network its just a ROCK! 
(Call drops, 3G connectivity, Consuming heavy battery due to network issue are some of the small problem faced) 
 The main problem is SAR value. I am feeling headache while I speaking via this phone even for one or two minutes. So please avoid this phone. I could also feel heat near my ears while speaking and the pain is increased. 
Second one, I purchased this mobile only for Battery. But this Battery is very poor and not up to the expectation. As it is mentioned 3000 mAh Battery but it is comes as 2900 mAh only. If the data is kept ON without making calls or chats or whats app., the battery is lasting for 18 hours only. If you play music, using whats app, calls it will be lasting only for 10 hours. If you play games means the battery would drain immediately. For full usage of all apps, the battery is lasting only for 5 to 6 hours. I am very much disappointed by this. They assure that the battery would be last for 36 hours in 3G, but it is working only for 10 hours.  
 I was looking forward for a decent phone from Lenevo.
As Lenevo was presenting this phone to the competitive market, So trustworthy Lenevo brand name inspired me to buy Lenevo K3 Note. 
But i think that was a mistake. Apparently that could be side effect of buying a cheap phone 10K segment with over loaded features. So here's my exp with this Phone !!! 
Pros - 10K price value 
Cons - Batter back up was not good. Need to charge thrice a day for full usage.
 As everyone knows, SAR Value was quite high. Side effect is it can damage your ear. If you talk on phone for > 10 min, then there can be severe pain in your ears.
 So in a sense, not good for health.
 Camera is just hype, do not match standard of 13 M / 5M.
 Blue tooth was not working on new piece, it can be damaged also. 
Big Pros - Flipkart accepted the refund on return in my case. 
Caution : If you go for quality, please check for other phones. This phone may not match the standards.  