
 LENOVO is a CHEAT - It builds products that lasts till the warranty lasts !!! Pl dont waste your hard earned money on the sub standard products from this company.
- I had a predecessor of P70 ie P780 - The main board is dead in 13 months while the standard warranty lasts only for 12 months. The beautiful thing is Lenovo service center charges you 9k for changing mother board !!! What an irony.. I can buy a new mobile at this cost !!
The similar problem has happened with one of my friend who also had P780 - In his case, the main board died in 15 months.
Lenovo is a big cheat brand as far as the smartphones go.. more specifically for their P series phones.. 
If you want to throw away your phone in 1 year.. then only think of buying this phone.  
 I bought this phone from a authorized store & not Flipkart so nothing for Flipkart in the review, its all about this phone which is a waste for me now. 
Do not buy this phone. Camera and battery specifications are  
false. Back and front cam picture quality is like a 2MP cam.  
Battery heats up and flushes within a day of moderate usage.  
3G is a big problem, it drops the signals very frequently.  
Lenovo has released an update which does not fix this problem.  
After sales service is pathetic.  
Google these key words: 
Lenovo is releasing a software update to address the P70 issues 
Lenovo p70 problems forums   
 Unfortunate update: 
I started facing issues with 3G connectivity in the 4 week post purchase. I decided to place a return request which has been approved by Flipkart. They scheduled a reverse pick up of the phone from my place and have remitted the refund back to my credit card. Expecting the refund to get reflected in my account statement soon. Thanks to Flipkart for their support. 
Original review: 
Its time to submit honest reviews after using it for 3 weeks now.  
Look -  
Sexy and stylish, quite slim and feels good in hand. Back cover which comes in the box, offers a good grip and protection for back side of the phone.  
Display -  
294 ppi display seems more than sufficient for me. The colors appear pretty vibrant, bright and the touch is impressively responsive. The phone has a good feature that allows to change the wallpaper by swiping from the top right corner to the left.  
Battery -  
Usually takes 1 hour 30 mins to get fully charged and lasts for around 35 hours after heavy usage that includes 3G connectivity all day long, gaming for around 30 mins a day, social networking and web browsing at frequent intervals.  
I was expecting a little more from the battery considering its capacity of 4000 mAH (same as lenovo P780, my previous phone)  
Sound -  
This is a single speaker phone for music playback. Sound quality could have been better but it is fortunately acceptable and not bad at all.  
I am not facing any issues regarding the call clarity and 3G connectivity as I read in some of online reviews about this phone. This phone executes crystal clear voice calls.  
Camera -  
The camera of this phone has been highly criticized in many of the online reviews. I did not find any severe faults with the camera. Although I think 13 MP rear camera should click better pictures than what it currently delivers but the camera is not that poor at all. It anyways doesn't matter much for someone who is not a camera geek (like me)  
Performance -  
P70's strongest area is its performance. 2gb RAM, 16gb internal memory and octa core processor altogether deliver a great performance in real sense. Heavy graphics games like Asphalt 8 and Spider man (pre-installed) can be played smoothly without any lags. Processing is really fast and gives good experience to the user  
Power off Alarm - this is a surprise feature I came across after using the phone. If this feature is activated, it plays on the Alarm even when the phone is turned off.  
I believe that speaker sound and camera could have been little better but overall I am quite satisfied and happy with my choice.  
4 stars from my side and I recommend this phone without any hesitation.  
Hope you found this review helpful. 
 Lenovo P70 is the best mobile of recent times. 
Pros:
1. Battery : It last for 3 more than 3 days even if you use Gaming like Asphalt,Temple run and also 3G Browsing
2. Display : Ultra clear HD Display and smooth Touch screen
3. 13MP Back and 5MP Front camera
4. Free OTG cable and 2A charger
5. 2GB RAM,You won't feel like hanging when you play Asphalt. 
Cons:
1. Heats when you play games especially near to Camara.
2. Sound is bit low in loud speaker 
Finally it is very good phone to buy for this money. 
 though d camera is 13mp quality is worst! except dat verythn is aweome especially d luk!!
2 less beaause of kow quality cam 
 i have been using sony xperia past 1 year, now decided to get new one, (gave my sony to mom) i went to my regular shop for another xperia higher version. ( i was in love with sony phones). the shop man suggested me this phone he said " bhaiya same price rance me it is the beast n also best". , i was a bit suspecious, he said " meri gaurantee pe le jao, 3 days use karo, nahi pasand aya to wapas le lunga" the shop has been pet one for me since years, i bought on his commitment.  
Now
guys its truly awesome phone, superb display, performance n build, i m an extensive gamer n this phone goes on too good with me, no lags, no flaws. and BATTERY u know what 4000 mah means, last for 2 days very easily on all uses, my 3g whtapp, games, n calls. goes on n on, believe me if u r only normal user it will go on for 3 days . 
IMP Issue: the earlier versions of this model had a 3g connectivity issue, as u wuld have read on various forums. the lenovo has solved that in the new version, my device has no such problems, and net or 3g all runs too smooth n fast. 
 I'm a real user of lenovo p70:-
Pros..
1. Multitasking is jst a child play for phone
2. No heating
3. Good Look
4. Awesome touch 
Cons..
1. DONT BUY IF U R PHOTOHOLIC...Camera is utter WASTE!!!
 13.mp feels like 5...nd front 5 mp jst lyk 2 mp
2. Average battery life...although it has 4000MaH battery 
DONT EVEN DARE TO BUY IF U WANT TO USE CAMERAA...... Camera is Sheaaarr WASTE!!! 
 Bought it in Apr'15.
Good phone, except battery. My complain is about battery mainly.
With 4000mAh Lenovo claims it to be a power bank blah blah, but I really doubt it. 
The battery drains off even if the usage is moderate. When you use Wifi continuously it discharges like anything. With no Apps running/in use (Apps stopped/killed manually), the battery discharges 10% overnight. Battery lasts two days only if you keep it idle/without talking. 
When checked with customer care, they have standard answer - it is hardware issue, take it to service center. What the hell, the phone is not even 2months old, and they say it is hardware issue - SHAME on the design!!!!
If you are looking for better battery, think before buying. 
 I have brought this phone not from flipkart for 16k 
This is an ultimate phone with worth money. 
4000Mah battery good enough for your daily usage. The battery last more than any android
phone. 
camera 13 mp primary and 5 mp secondary taking good picture. 5 MP front camera takes 
good picture compared to that of 8mp Primary cam of Micromax. 
Support OTG: I got one free OTG card reader. 
Clarity and design is soo good.  
HD recording provides high quality vedios. 
Can see high density videos with out any lagging. I have played game and could not 
face any stuck. 
2 GB RAM >> Makes you switch between applications with out any delay  
OCTACORE providing 1.7GHZ so fast 
Lots of sensors to set the calls and other features. 
PPI is just like any other phones of 5 inch 294 ppi.  
support 4G. 
CONS
=== 
The speaker is on the bottom of the phone and when you play games our finger may close the speaker. 
Takes fine picture with 13 MP but when zooming the picture clarity lost.   
 The phone is ok. 
When the box came, the MRP on the box was Rs 6500.  
But flipkart is selling this for Rs 15,000. I cannot understand how flipkart is allowing sales at double the actual price. Buyers be careful. The phone is not worth 15k. Its at best 8k phone. 
 1) The phone is re starting a lot of time ,if it is re start i need to re install all my contact and all again & again, this is started yesterday onward, One time it is switched off because of low battery that time onwards it is like this
 I took this phone to the lenovo service center they told me that there is a problem of mother board.
2) Too bad battery it is not 4000mah it is only 2000. My phone drained too fast. maximum 5 hour .My 3000 mah battery is last more than this. 
3) Software mall functioning  
Also the Flip Kart 30 days return policy is fake . They are are installing some check up aap and ask a lot of questions . making the customers fools  
 It has been 2 months since I bought this phone and I loved the look & feel the phone gives. Fortunately, that is still there! BUT the performance -- it is gone from bad to worse in 2 months. And absolutely worst after I updated it to Lollipop 5.1. My advice, if you buy this phone or already own it, do NOT update it to Lollipop. 
Issues:
1) The Contact Manager App: Single app for contacts, dialer and messaging. Size goes up to 400MB with 130 contacts. So, if I close the app and reopen it, it will take more than 5 mins to load the contacts. Similar effort if I close the SMS service. Only solution is, never close the contact manager and sms service. Use Hangouts for faster loading of contacts and sms. Still to make a call, you would need few extra mins - EVERY time you need to make a call. 
2) Phone does not have the legendary Lenovo Power Manager App. Only a power manager option which offers quite limited features (10% of the earlier app). 
3) On 13th Nov 2015, they released the Lollipop 5.1 update for this phone and I was stupid to upgrade. To my horror, soon the update was completed and I checked the applications, the security app was gone. The performance of the phone went so bad, that it almost hangs every 20-30 mins with hardly any app running. It has been 8 hours since the update was installed, and my contact manager still hasn't loaded the contacts and whatapp all contacts is trying to update the contact list at 8MBPS WiFi with Torrent download speed over 900Kbps. First I thought, my contacts are gone, but they are there as I can see in the Hangouts contacts.  
I sure would not recommend this phone to anyone even for free!!!  
Prior to this device, I used Lenovo S860; that device literally made me a fan of Lenovo's custom KitKat version. P70-A is lighter (Lighter even for 147 gm). HD wallpapers and texture makes the device looks a real beauty. Battery life is somehow longer than S860 (Both have same battery). Lenovo has included a back cover to this device (additional cover), which is also quite cool. 
Drawbacks for this device are:
If you are accustomed to Lenovo KitKat customizations for app manager like the app privacy settings, ability to enable/disable multiple apps, killing the background apps with single click using app manager - all missing. The device features integrated Power Manager with VERY limited features. It is missing the freezing app option of Power Manager so you cannot control what apps can operate with/without your permission. 
So, overall - better performance in terms of look & feel than other Lenovo smartphones with almost identical features. But lacks what made me fall in love with Lenovo as brand. 
 I am the big fan of Lenovo producuts. I am using lenovo products like Laptop from the last 8 years and i am using all the P series mobile phones. I used P770 used for 10 months and upgraded to P780 and then P70 also.Exactly the P780 phone become faulty in 13th month after the warranty period.
The service center people are telling display problem Rs 6500 to be charged and i went to another service center and they are telling PCB problem and the cost will be Rs8413 to get repaired. This is the fate of lenovo phones. 
Right now I am using P70 for the past 1 and half month and I do not know the working life span of this phone.
It is real disappointment for me. 
 I have got this phone and is working as claimed...
All good.. 
i just think quality of camera could have been marginally better but i knew the issue before i bought it so i am happy..  
the phone does not have Video call service ... so damn funny...   
 nice phone with superb backup.amazon.in sells for less at 14999.lenovo quality is good.phone will make till 2 days at maximum.dont expct more 
 I have ordered mobile phone Lenovo P70 on 03.05.2015. Today is 09.05.2015. I am yet to get the phone delivered. The despatch and delivery of flipkart stinks. 
Probably I will not order any more products from flipkart. 
Rajesh Kumar, Ahmedabad 
 Decent Phone with Good battery,Fair Price & Slight Heating issue initially..but later its working OK(I think every smartphone having heating issue initially)
I want good battery back up & this phone is having good 4000mah battery.Worth to buy 
 nice phone with superb backup.flipkart.in sells for less at 15996.lenovo quality is good.phone i will make till 2 days at maximum.dont expct more 
 HAI FRIENDS MY NAME IS NANDA KISHORE MY MOBILE NUMBER IS 8106676677 ONE DAY I AM BUY LENOVO K3 NOTE FIRST TIME CHEETED IN MY LIFE
BECAUSE BUY LENOVO K# NOTE (MY MOBILE WORKING STUPID NO BATERY BACK UP THAY WORKING HEETED DISPLAY LOOK CHAINA PEES MOBILE ALL WAYS 
HANG TUCH WORKING VERY BAD I AM COMPLAINT TO FLIPKART BUT CUSTMAR CARE 20 TIMES CALL ME BUT NO RESPONCE MY PROBULMS FINALE THAY SAY 
 camera is very bad... it's not real 13MP....... !!!!! its only 2MP...... 
pls check camera and sell this product  
I have been using this phone for morethan 6 months now.. good performance. great battery back up and camera clarity.. Only short fall is the speaker performance. One out of 2 speaker is not working effectively. So you need to listen the music only thro blue tooth or ear phone.. 
 It is nice but only one problem the front camera is is not so much clear as per me..otherwise it is fine.. 
 I have been using this phone for morethan 6 months now.. good performance. great battery back up and camera clarity.. Only short fall is the speaker performance. One out of 2 speaker is not working effectively. So you need to listen the music only thro blue tooth or ear phone.. 
 Battery is awesome and speed is satisfactory.Never got hanged.Nice mobile. But only one sim is 4G, could have been 2 4G sim. 
 I amusing from September 2015 this is ultimate smart phone battery is marvelous nolags and every time RAM 1.5 gb free using lot of apps  
When I have updated lollipop that time battery draining fastly and interfaces also giving trouble sound clarity not bad but not too loud  
Eagerly waiting for marshmallow... 
Good luck  
Sree kiran chilakapati 
 It's good but not satisfied hang problem some time and in photo it's looked very good but phone is shape is not good enough 
 Make it of our choice.... 
No issues, Money Worthy.... 
No Software issues.... 
Good, Like the most....  
 Specs are really above par. octacore 1.7 ghz, 2gb ram, 13 mp rear and 5 mp front cam, 4000 mah battery, 4g.  
 performance is very good especially with high end games, like asphalt 8, real racing 3. doesnt really get heated that much, it gets warm though after playing for 30 min. far more better than asus zenfone 5, acer liquid e 700. that i have used before. 
 but camera doesnt do any kind of justification for the specs 13mp and 5mp, pics are ok but not anywhere close to good. 
 If you are looking for a mob with a good cam, then this is not wt you are looking for, surely. 
 but the performance is exceptionally good as far as im concerned, like the call quality is good, audio is not bad and the lenovo interface is awesome. can play high end videos 1080p and 720p without any lagging.touch is smooth and the build quality is premium. not to forget the 4000 mah battery with which you can play for atleast 2 hrs continuously and browse for a long time. 
 overall lenovo p70 is good for the people who want a good long lasting battery and good performance while playing games or browsing. no cal drop issues or heating issues, as i bought this mobile this week. lenovo solved the issues related to the software and ui. 
 Thank you, I bought this mobile for my dad, he likes it very much :) Great features , user friendly & good battery life. 
 Overall phone is good, but camera quality not so good
I am excited to purchase this phone. 
But quality not as per expectation.  
 I buy this phone 2 week before in flipkart,
no heating
no lag
low sar value-0.3head, 0.4 body
battery backup 2 days( just call, mess, WhatsApp, facebook , browsing, little bit games)
first sim-4g(LTE)/3g/2g 
disadvantage
non-removable battery
second sim only 3g  
I give 5star for Lenovo p70A
not k3 note  
LAST MONTH I BUY Lenovo k3 note(waste phone)
I buy sep 2 k3 note in flipkart, I used and find problem after I give this review 
1) too much of sar value-1.6w/kg----------------don't buy this phone
(sar value is too high it effect too much of you brain tissues, call duration 2-3 min u fell head hake) 
2)too much of heating problem
( heating problem: play games 5min your hand are fell some thing different like dry skin, some dad fell)
3)other wise is good 
my suggestion 
over all phone design, performance, option, I give 9/10, expect radiation controls is 0/10 and heating problem occur so I give 0/10----------------don't buy this phone 
but sar value is 1.6w/kg u got brain problem is conform is tell  
don't buy this phone it's a china's product   
Yes the review written is true, i brought lenovo P780 in june 2015 the mobile network is not detecting, this problem is in all P780 series i think. 
i also got affected by the same problem, but its a good mobile. 
 I Purchased this mobile...Superb Mobile...this words its not mine my friends said it to me. Till now am not get any issues. Camera clarity superb, touch resolution is good, awesome look, Dual speaker but single speaker will work this's -ve point. Nothing else to say. Worth to buy the mobile. 
 pleas by this model is very good feed back.rear camera clarity is good. battery back up also good,nice compere to Samsung smart phone its very good model.........!!!!!!!!******* 
 good phone
before I was using lenovo s660 and it fall down from 6th floor but nothing happen to the phone still working nicely im 100% happy
now im using this and same result 100% happy 
 Using it since last 12 days the major problem in the handset is call drop when ever some one calls me or i call any one even after full signal call getting drop.
giving it 1 star cause there is no negative rating 
 This phone is absolutely awesome, especially the battery...but at times like charging and while using the data the phone gets heated a lot...and at that moment u won't b able to talk due to the heat dissipated 
 fantastic battery back up
lenovo vibe 2 theme excellent
features are excellent
well done lenovo keep it up 
 The Battery life is the USP of this phone. The software interface is not so user friendly. The display and camera are average. Overall performance is good. It is a good product for those sick of charging their phones every morning and evening. 
 I asked my friends to help them with the choice of a good phone. After a long search, I settled on this phone. The powerful battery, good screen, slim body - all my friends liked. Personally I do not like the menu without modification of Android, but it's a matter of habit. the rest - a great phone 
 This phone does not have magnetometer/compass? .. looks like a7000 have ... not sure what is special in this phone ? even battery back up time is almost same as a7000  
 wi-fi/3g connectivity is poor. Network gets disconnected frequently.
Gallery/Camera always opens in full brightness mode. You can not lower it down. UI is not much good.
Picture quality of camera is not good.
Battery is good. Phone does not hang. 
 Very good Phone, Value for Money, Slight Heating (just like other smart phones) but nothing serious
I surely liked this product 
 phone is good but camera is very bad..not for the people who want good picture quality.13 mpx is equal to 2mpx for this phone. 
 its 13 mp camera...really????...........who will trust here after...
network is big issue.....will hang again n again....
it was my big mistake to buy this phone... 
 I wuld only say u have better option in the market including lenovo itself than this fon, so forget about this one. 
 Worse phone ever used don't ever buy it, it's damm slow quality is poor
Contact Mgr doesn't work at all. 
 Do not buy this phone, it has false specs and major 3g problem
I bought this phone from a authorized store & not Flipkart so nothing for Flipkart in the review, its all about this phone which is a waste for me now. 
i buy three months before this mobile just one week i used this phone display is break then i give customer service after i call customer service no reperson after one month i call the customer service same word reply then after i buy another phone no used that phone then
what we do i don't my mind very bad thought for lenovo company so don't buy any person  
 Many problems I faced like wifi is not working properly and charging problem. 
 i bought this mobile (Lenova P70-a ) on sep 7th... but now it's wi-fi not in working... very bad camera... and battery backup will comes only 12 to 14 hours... 
 This is the most pathetic phone to buy from flipkart.
It has shown me its real colour within a week.
Just waste of money.. 
 i want to return my phoneplease help me how can i return my phone i want to buy an another phone of same company but i am not happy with my present phone please   
 The seller despatched after one week. very irresponsible seller.
this phone's performance is very poor. dont buy this phone. many problem arising while using this phone.  
flipcart os not ready to replace this product. so dont try to buy Lenovo phones. 
 MOBILE IS EXCELENT BUT BATTERY BACK UP IS VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY POOR 
 it was more fabulous than expected, very fast shipping and received product very much before delivery date, extremely safisfied, thanks for ws retail.. 
 Product was delivered good in flip-kart .But the product was not up to the mark .Need to recheck on the quality while buying products from flipkart. 
 I Received this phone yesterday.
On Site Its Written 13Mp But Its not a 2 Mp Camera phone.
PLEASE DONT BUY THIS PRODUCT.
CAMERA IS WORST I HAVE EVER USED. 
I Have Requested A Refund But Flipkart Wil just Give Me Replacement.
And i Dont Think , Replaced One Will Click Better Pics Than This.
I Have made courier Myself they said that PICKUP is not Available. 
So For All Those Who Are Expecting It To Be a Normal Camera phone Are Wroung.
Lenovo A6000 Plus camera is More Better Than this.
I Compared with my friends a6000plus.
So For Now My 15000 is blocked For Month or More. 
 all good but i dissapointed by the price in flipkart , i donno why flipkart is having maximum price rate comparing to other online shopping sites.... 
 #100066517
I have been using this product for the past 7 days.
The phone does not deliver battery 4000 mah output as advertised. With GPS on for maps, the battery drains in around 5-6hrs.
The touch sreen is unresponsive most of times.
Lenovo UI wrapper is not good, and outdated OS version.
Phone quickly heats up.
Volume is absymally low inspite of max volume settings. Cannot hear (other person speaking) properly in outdoor conditions. 