
 Phone comes with Charger, Data Cable, Battery(li-ion 2750 mah), Screen Guard and guide book also warranty card but not with earphones (DOLBY adjusts any earphone to give out great sound mainly with those rubber earphones)... 4/5  
Coming to phone - After powering on and connecting to internet gives you an update (avg 100mb) Update is a MUST !! in order to get a drastic change in performance and change in UI... Menu option Appears after u reset ur phone once...  
Phone has Killer Looks !! with Aluminium CASING ! 5/5  
Display has 441 PPI (Pixels per Inch) total pixels 441 X 5 = 2205 pixels, So Display Is BULLSEYE !! U will not try to away ur eyes from it !! Video is Awesome ! 5/5  
Camera - All I can say is it is really better than Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (redmi has cons in both light and low light conditions, more in low light condition !) Believe me IT IS !! 
u can have a google search on it..... front 4.5/5 and rear 4/5  
Battery Is Great !! U can do much in a day !! Whatever U want !! but be careful of that preinstalled antivirus it helps the battery in draining the power quickly and to heat up. 
PHONE MUST BE CHARGED FULL ONCE BEFORE IN USE... 4/5  
Processor and RAM are working Like best friends... Giving there best !! 5/5  
Dolby Atmos (Atmospheric Sound Redifined) - I'm gonna say nothing about it, U will get to know what it is ! when it is in ur hands... 5/5  
Touch Sensitive is GREAT !! but without the lenovo screen guard, use a Tampered Glass... 5/5  
Charging is Really Very QUICK !! 1% to 100% in 90-100 mins.... 5/5  
Best Phone At this Price with these Spec !! 5/5  
IT IS NOT DUAL 4G STANDBY PHONE !! OBVIOUSLY NOT REQUIRED TO BE WITH TWO 4G NETWORKS AT A TIME...  
Aluminium Casing is like HEAT SINK !! Heats up Quickly and Cools down Quickly !! try it in front of AC.... there may be heating issue but not over heating issue... once try opening the back cover !  
Coming to Heating ISSUE ! 
After the update is successfully done... uninstall the mcafee anti-virus app (MAINLY !) and also unnecessary apps (If Possible)... You will find ur phone is not getting heated just like before and also improves battery power ! Just like I felt it !  
after reading this review it is all upto U ! To buy it or not....
and please rate this review if it has helped you..... 
PLEASE WRITE THE HARDWARE VERSION WITH UR REVIEW !! WHO HAVE BROUGHT THIS PHONE AFTER 1ST MAY 2016 !! PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE !! 
 camera is average
lokss is owsome
 but it not the worth money product. lots of heating when using phone and battery is so poor 
 I am not satisfied with this phone due to Camera and Overheating Problem. 
I dont understand why Lenovo do not work/research on heating and camera issue eventhough they are very old and common problems. It seems that Lenovo is cheating with customers. 
I am highly disappointed with this issues with Lenovo. Do not recommend thiis Phone. 
 Pros:
-premium display with wide viewing display
-good processor 
-well managed ram,
 -build quality
-light weight
-light ui
-can use sd card for app installation
two best features which made this phone best low budget phone
- dolby atmos sound 
-theatermaxx technology(though works with anti vr headset) 
cons: 
camera is ok-ok...
Battery could be of more capacity 
NOTE: those who are getting heating problem should update their phone to the latest software or firmware( the 75mb ota update which is basically for removing all the problems in the phone....i have done the same and now my phone is working fine with 0% heating problem).... 
:) 
 First of all about the delivery by Flipkart:- Received the phone within 3 days!!
The packaging was standard and up to the mark completely covered in bubble wrap. So kudos to the retailer WS Retail (The Best in the business) and flipkart for bringing the phone safely!! And since it was marked by Flipkart Advantage so no doubt about the safety!! 
OPENING THE BOX - It was safely cover wrapped and with Lenovo Warranty Assured sticker and hall mark on the front of the box and on side.  
INSIDE THE BOX - Phone, 2-pin wall charger socket, battery, USB Cable, Quick start guide, Warranty card and a Screen film(not mentioned on Flipkart Site) 
Opening the phone's back cover is quite easy if you do it the right way, there's a small edge on the bottom left corner from where you can open it. Do not forget to remove the film on the camera. Safely installed the Micro SIM and battery in the slots. 
TURING ON THE PHONE - No lags on start up, quickly booted up and went to the registration screen. After that it downloads a 75MB update which took me 30mins and another 30mins for installing the update. This update is a must if you don't want the phone to have heating issues or any other ones. It asks you to choose your default 4G/3G SIM after which the other SIM automatically gets assigned to 2G network which is very annoying because you cannot change it afterwards!!!
After all this you start using the phone. I am a techno-geek so first i checked the specs and made sure everything was the same as mentioned on the site,The processor was a Qualcomm Snapdragon but was disappointed to find 1.5 GHz Processor instead of 1.7GHz as mentioned here, also you get 1.8Gb of RAM instead of 2Gb. And you get nearly 9.7Gb of free space which is a bit less!!
I unistalled many of the default which already came in the phone like Myntra, Skype, Twitter, Game Companion and few more which I knew were of no use to me right now. 
CAMERA Quality is not up to mark as mentioned for both the cameras(Front and Rear)!!! It didn't feel like it was a 13MP Camera or 5MP one. Very Disappointed. Also I couldn't find any option in the Camera Settings to change the resolution of the image. It is very disappointing. 
OTHER APPS- All other apps are working fine. Lenovo Companion and McAfee Security are great apps which help you a lot. Also you get Printing option in Settings in which you can add wireless Printers which is very helpful. 
TOUCHSCREEN AND DISPLAY feels quite good and works flawlessly without any lags. It justifies it tags CAPACITIVE TOUCH very well. The display is bright and crisp and sharp. Also you get notification LED on the top right corner. 
SPEAKERS are really good with Dolby Atmos feature. The name says it all.  
UI is good and you get many themes to choose with, and also a few widgets. 
BATTERY backup is good if not used for heavy gaming and long browsing. Also you get a battery saver mode to save your battery for long but haven't checked this feature. Charging is fast it took 1hour for the battery to get charged from 15% to 65% i.e. 50% in 1 hour with Wi Fi still on which I think is not bad. But I think with the usage of Data Network it will consume more battery.!!
PROS:-
Nice Sleek Design.
Light Weight.
Display and Touch.
Battery Backup is good if you're not a heavy user!!
Touch Response is quick
Boot Up is fast.
No Heating Issues till now. May be the 75Mb update worked but not sure if it would be the with the use of Data Network.
Background App Manager very helpful.
Permission Control lets you choose to give what permission to what app and permissions to the apps to make changes!! (Really Nice Feature) (Y)
DOLBY ATMOS use it with Reputed Headphones manufacturer like Phillps, BOSE, JBL, etc. It will make yours ears go BOOM!! Amazing Experience!!! I am using it with my BOSE headphones!! 
CONS:-
Camera quality. They should fix the issue of changing the resolution of image in the next update then may be the camera quality can improve.
Battery Capacity should have been more. Maybe near 3000mAh would have been great. But you can't get everything in this budget. Isn't it?
No option to Clear RAM like in the SAMSUNG phones. But you can restrict apps from auto starting on Power ON and Background Auto Start.
No headphones in the box which is a must in today's world. Also if you are giving DOLBY ATMOS then headphones are a must. 
FINAL WORDS:- If you want a phone with good specs, no heavy using and not to make your pockets feel light then this one is for you!! Because it's a great budget phone under 9Ks. But If you are a heavy user and camera lover then don't go for this.
ALL IN ALL A GOOD PHONE!! BUT COULD HAVE BEEN BETTER, SATISFIED WITH THE MONEY I INVESTED ON THIS PHONE.
Giving 4 STARS because of the issues but THUMPS UP (Y) to Lenovo for this effort and bringing a good phone in this Range. 
CHEERS!! 
 **UPDATE** 11/04/2016 
Received second OTA update on 09/04/2016 of 94 MB approx.
Smooth download and updation.
Battery life seems to have become more stable and there is Zero Heating Problem. 
The ones who are complaining about heating problem will be very satisfied now. 
Update Rating 4/5 
Cheers  
**ORIGINAL REVIEW**
Ordered this phone as a gift for my mom on 23rd As soon as the flash sale went online. I HAVE NOT BEEN DISAPPOINTED. 
First things first super fast Delivery.
Delivery done today afternoon considering yesterday was Holi so just 24 hours. 
1.UNPACKING/UNBOXING 
Superb Packaging by flipkart. 100 Percent safety ensured. 
Standard box from lenovo.
One handset, One Battery, One charger and usb cable, and Manual and other warranty related Stuff. 
One small downside. No stock headphones. Especially when gifting elders who do not use specialized headphones the in box stock ones are a small loss. 
2. FIRST BOOT 
Insert Sim and Memory card Plus battery and then Booted. The first boot was as smooth as anything. Absolutely no lag. No heating. 
Connection to WIFI is simple. And so are other basic settings. 
3.FIRST UPDATE 
As soon as the phone is functional the first 75 Mb OTA update becomes available. Happens very smoothly a bit time consuming but Absolutely NO HEATING till Now like others have stated. Almost 30 Mins running time . 
4. DOWNLOAD of ALL REQUIRED APPS 
Another half an hour spent in downloading all the required applications and updations and setting up the phone for usage. Simultaneously playing songs of youtube. Seamless and no lag. Slight heating during this process. 
5. FIRST LOOK AT CAMERA 
Perhaps the only disappointment in this superb budget phone. The face Recognition is slow and the pixels look a bit broken and laggy. Dint know why this was happening but ended up downloading a lite software from app store "OPEN CAMERA" for those interested and all the problems were solved . So just a lenovo software issue. 
6. DOLBY ATMOS 
Name says it all doesn't it. Wonderful just wonderful. 
After this phone was handed to Mom for her regular usage of mostly whatsapp and youtube with the odd browsing. No complaints from her so far of heating or lagging. 
PROS: 
*Looks
*Size and Weight (Very Very Pretty for Females)
*Charging time ( 85 mins - 9 percent to 100 percent - excellent for this budget
*Dolby Atmos
*Almost Zero Bloatware ( Couple of useless things easily uninstalled)
*Great Package at sub 9 K 
LIMITED CONS 
*Camera Software
*16gb memory ( 32 gb has become the minimum requirement these days. Call me Nitpicking but its a fact )
*No STOCK headphones 
Overall its a great package. My 2nd Lenovo Product. 
Go ahead and buy .Will definitely not be disappointed. 
Cheers,
Vivek   
 It's complete none sense phone. The specification is good, but it heats up immediately even after 2 video plays on YouTube. Forget about playing a game. I asked fro return and Flipkart rejected the request saying 38 degree battery temperature is OK and they don't think it's hot enough for a return. Apparently phone has a aluminum case and the battery/internal heat get transmitted immediately to outside and makes the phone very hot and you have to literally put it down on a table or sofa and use it!  
It's just a mockery all about easy returns and ads on TV.Probably this is my last purchase from Flipkart and a very setback for online shoppers. 
 1.Camera really worst its output like 2.0mp camera. If any looks for a better camera performance pls don't buy this product. 
2.Sound quality amazing!!! 
3.Display clarity superb like Samsung on5 
4.Cast screen works well in Samsung smart TV. 
5. Both sim not 4g support as described in the feature.
Only sim 1 support 4g
Sim2 only supports 2g 
6. Faster delivery I received in a next day. 
7. Best thing is light weight.  
 i dont know what the company is thinking... how can they design such overheating model.
my mobile battery temperature goes upto 45.3 degree even after update. Can anyone hold such mobile for long??? 
 - Received the mobile in less than 24 hour of placing the order.
- Received a complementary screen film along with the mobile. 
- Safe Packing.  
Pros:
- Lite weight & Good Look.
- Detachable battery
- Separate SIM slots (Micro)
- Aluminium casing is pretty good.
- Default apps (All Google apps, SHAREit, SYNCit, Lenova Companion, McAfee Security, Twitter, Skype, WeChat, Flipkart, Myntra, Truecaller, Sound Recorder (voice only and not for calls), Compass, FM Radio, Calculator, Clock, Navigate, Evernote, Cell Broadcasts, UC Browser, Dolby, Play Store, Theme Center and couple of online games) 
- DOLBY Sound quality - Perfect
- Video Quality - Perfect
- Call Quality - Good 
Cons:
- It installed an update as soon as I turned ON the mobile for the first time. 
- It's a 75 MB update and took around 30 mins to install.
- Heating issues while charging and downloading app from play store.
- Very low battery capacity.
- Out of 16 GB Internal storage the default apps consumed almost 6 GB and left out is just 9 GB space. Should have at least 32 GB Internal storage.
- Quality of the pictures captured using Rear and Front Camera is not up to the mark. 
- Length of the USB cable is just 1 meter. 
- RAM Memory - It slowed down the mobile performance after installing 20 apps.
- Screen touch - Good, but it would have been best if it is a Gorilla Glass.
- I already installed an OTA update and factory reset the mobile once. 
- I still have heating issues and the temperature of the mobile reads 45-52 degree Celsius while installing apps from play store and while accessing applications. 
*********************************************************************************
I had to return this device after 10 days of usage: I have returned this device as I am not comfortable with the heating problem. 
 Heats like crazy. Also, the processor is 1.5Ghz and not 1.7Ghz. I have asked Flipkart to take it back. Extremely slow charging and gets even hotter when charging. 
 I got product within a day and its features are just ultimate. Camera, Touchscreen and sound is just awesome.. go for it , worth for money 
 As crappy as it could be, yet again Lenovo has proved they sell trash online and flipkart being their face has also proved they support cheaters..! Don't buy this phone it's a loss of time and money no satisfaction at all, within couple of months the phone goes to trash cause after sudden flickering it's unusable for the fact that it won't boot again no matter what you do. Suggestion to Flipkart you should blacklist such companies for your own good!!
Rating should be a negative for this product but flipkart doesn't provide it..! 
***************Warning***************
DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PRODUCT 
 In this product the camera and the battery is very bad when i would like to return my product the flipkart seller had call me and tell to check battery temperature is 45 is more or not but when i check it is nearly 47.5degrees to 48.5degrres. so i would to return my product.all the features are very nice compare to others. 
 Overall product is ok but not the best. this time Lenovo really make fool to Indian people by saying that they use Snapdragon 616 processor 1.7 Ghz octa core The processor was a Qualcomm Snapdragon but was disappointed to find 1.5 GHz Processor instead of 1.7GHz as mentioned here, also you get 1.8Gb of RAM instead of 2Gb.asks you to choose your default 4G/3G SIM after which the other SIM automatically gets assigned to 2G network which is very annoying 
 Display is good, viewing angles are fine, minor lags occurs but they are negligible, Camera is not upto the mark , low light and indoor photos seem to be too noisy. battery gets charged in less than 2 hrs and 1.5 A output charger does it job fine but not that great. Battery life is something which should be improved. Continuous usage of 5 hours reduced the battery from 100 to 25% Design and look are fine. Hope lenovo releases an update for improving performance of battery and camera .Audio is simply superb, dolby does it job well. Overall Its a decent phone for its price, it performs good for normal usage and not recommended for heavy users.   
 A pretty decent mobile considering the price. Please ignore the negative reviews here. I dont know why so much of complaint. I really liked this mobile. It got all the good things to tell. I bought this phone as gift for my wife. I was looking for this phone because of the features and its 5" FHD screen size. Other mobiles with same or more specifications were having a screen size larger than 5" which was not handy. Using this phone extensively since two days. This is my second Lenovo purchase. First one was K3 Note  
Pros:
1. Good amount of RAM. 
2. Nice display. FHD is nice to watch videos.
3. Excellent speakers. Trust me. I used many phones. But its speakers are awesome. Its pleasant to hear music via speakers.
4. VIBE UI. Its clean and simple. It eases your job in many aspects.
5. Secure Zone. This is one nice idea. When you have to pass your phone to your friends you can opt this mode. it hides all the important apps by doing so. Good one.
6. Fair amount of battery for normal usage. Impressive Battery and quick charging technology is just amazing
7. No heating issue as read in many reviews. Lot of people complain here about heating issue. I faced heating issue only when charging. As soon as I switched ON the mobile for first time, what I did was the software update. I am thinking this might have helped on heating issue 
8. Excellent call quality.
9. SAR value comparatively very low when compared to other K series of Lenovo 
10. Light weight 
Cons:
1. Camera : Actually its not the problem of the camera, but the problem of software I think. The default camera application might have set the mega pixels to a lower range and I couldn't find any way to increase it. So I downloaded an app "Open Camera" and now things works fine. Superb pictures. Hope Lenovo may overcome this issue in coming software updates
2. Android version is 5.1. Hoping a update of Android 6.0 
3. No headphones with the package  
Verdict:- Phone is so good in this price range and a real beast, i suggest to all those who plans to buy a budget phone just go for it. its so nice package.   
 Nice Look, Good display, very good sound and good configuration. 
Camera is OK, but the real issue is heat.
Generating too much heat while charging and while using the phone. 
They provided scratch guard instead of Head Phone!. 
Hats-off to Flipkart, on standard delivery they delivered with in 24 Hours. 
 don't buy this phone, 
look like a cheap phone, 
no camera clarity, 
heating problem, 
browsing is very slow , 
friends once again I am telling plz don't buy this phone,   
 I got it a few days back.. lenovo K5 can be used in BOTH ways , As a Mobile and as an IRON.. You just need to play game or run few apps.. It will be as hot as an IRON in 2-3 Minutes.
Camera is also not that good.. 
Low budget phone .. That's all.. Think a bit before go for it.. 
 Received the next day after 23 March sale , thanks to flipkart to deliver quickly.
Look is very good.(Golden). 
The most disappointment one is battery and heating issue.
I have phones Lenovo p1 and Lenovo p1m both are very good, but this phone heats like anything like a iron box. 
Coming to battery charged the mobile from (56% to 100% ) in 2.45 hours( Very tough to wait for charging 44%). 
After 100% charging the batter says 4 hours left( That means 4 hours for 100% charging?)
The speed where it charges is equal to time which discharges.
Very disappointment. 
Overall Feedback: 
Pros: Camera, Look
Cons : Battery,Heating Issue, Price, headphone, 4G Support, Charging.
Requested for return the product.   
 First of all, to all the people complaining about camera. Are you fkn kidding me? its a rs 8499 phone. you want s7 camera quality in it? get outta here. 
Now about the phone, i got a 119 mb update just as i started this beauty. downloaded and installed. its a quite slow install , so don't freak out. but after good 15 mins or so, and as the update is finished. i played NFS most wanted, Cod strike team. i dont know how high end games you guys gonna play but it only heated as much as my iphone 6 heats up. so i guess apple cant make good phones too huh? 
camera is decent. front camera is good. yes there is a lil noise but cmon guys, its a less than 10k phone. 
Don't worry n go for it. you won't regret. 
Also , when i started the phone, its battery was at 36%, now i have installed an update, played some games, downloaded some apps, synced all my crap, while listening to music all this time. guess what? the battery is still at 25%. want more? guess not.  
CHEERS. 
 Serious heating issue. It is like a iron box . Looking for at-least replacement to check the another new item. recommend you not to buy this.  
 Lots of issue
1)It can be used for ironing cloths
2)Antic camera (such camera used in 1980)
3)I think Flipkart is not aware of it's specification
4)Without knowing mobile performance they put F Advantage,now it is removed 
 Looks is good
Lots of heating problem with the mobile.
Battery issue --- early discharge
Not happy with the performance of product. 
 A friend suggested this phone and I liked it after fiddling with it for 10 minutes. So I bought this for 6.5k ( after exchanging my Redmi note 4g) a week back even after going through a lot of negative reviews about heating and stuff. In today's market at this price this is probably the best phone. Brilliant display and excellent speakers. In general the features are pretty decent worth the price. It looks brilliant, compact, sleek. It does heat up a little little little bit when you put it on charge otherwise its absolutely. The only cons I found about this phone is the battery could have been 3000mah and the camera is not that great as a 12mp shooter should be. For gamers I have played asphalt 8 & Modern Combat 4 in medium resolution and there is zero lag plus the aderno 405 makes it very smooth and silky. As a whole Its a 5inch beast. Ignore the reviews and just go for it. 
 camera is average
lokss is owsome
but it not the worth money product. lots of heating when using phone and battery is so poor  
 I bought Lenovo Vibe K5 Plus.
I like all features but camera is average.
It photos are not like 13MP camera of Lenovo k3 Note.
But other features are good.  
Too much heating
The phone gets too heated while charging, browsing net and keeping net on for a long time.
The specs are awesome n design is mind bogling. In particular I liked this product a lot but the nly issue with it is the heating issue.
Delivery of flipkart is awesome as always.
I liked this product a lot, I would hv rated it 5 on 5, bt can't ignore the heating issue so 3/5
I think I ll return this product :(  
 The features are nice but the phone overheats which seems to be a common issue for almost all budget smartphones these days.
I returned the product and spending a little extra for the same features but for a higher model and going for a company which has good after sales service. 
 Pros:
Light weight
Superb looks
Amazing speakers
Good camera 
Cons:
Heating issue.
Heating issue.
Heating issue.  
 Here are the comments using after 48hrs.. 
Pros:
- Lite weight & Good Look.
- Detachable battery
- Good Sound quality
- Notification light for call and mails 
- Screen readability is also good
- 100% charging in less than 1:40hrs 
Cons: 
- Heating issues while charging,downloading app from play store& working continuously more than 15 min. 
- Very low battery capacity.
- Should have at least 32 GB Internal storage.
- Poor quality photos under low light conditions,rear camera perfomance like 2.0 Mp which is actually disappointing
- No headphones
- Length of the USB cable is just 1 meter 
- No guerrilla glass  
Note:- After update the 75mb ota also still heating issue not resolved. 
overall camera performance below average,Heating issues really disappointing other factors are ok.  
 Pros:
1. Nice display.
2. 16gb internal space.
3. look is very good. 
Cons:
1. Camera is not good. its 13mp is just like 5mp. Colour generation is too bad. (colour looks faint)
2. Too much heating. Can't even hold it if you are using it for more than 1/2 hr. (basic thing of a phone that is calling is not comfortable in this phone. ear gets burning during longer calls)
3. Battery backup is just average. lasts just 6-7 hrs on mixed usage of wifi, calls, camera, videos etc. so in one whole day if i spend 6 hrs on my phone its battery will be dead before evening. if you don't use your phone that much then no problem.
4. Touch is not very good.(i have samsung on5 and it has better touch and rarely gets heated. if you play piano you will surely get to know about touch lag on both devices and also galaxy on5 8mp cam clicks better pictures than this phone so if you are confused between on5 and this lenovo vibe K5 plus, i would personally say go with on5.) 
I tried to return this product but seller declined my request and told me to update the device and it will be alright (as if it really works). Even after updating that 75mb update the problem is still same. Now i will keep this device but will not recommend others for this phone. 
 everything is gud except heating issue and battery life. while not using simple data connection is on phone gets also heated. it feels like u holding some hot thing in ur hand. battery also dissapointed. it drains very fast. But depending on features at a time we can expect that but heating issue is major problem. if u r looking for camera phone then dont go for this. u will be disappointed. i m not happy. i just want a decent smartphone phone not a fireball in my hand. 
 sir a long time wait lenovo vibe k5 phone but when it buy camera is not be working i am worried to lenovo. HandSet is looking good but task not perform properly 
 ****Wrong info provided by flipkart**** 
1 This is not 1.7ghz processor Just 1.5ghz  
2 No Headphones Inside the box  
3 Both Cameras is just Ok Ok As compare to K3 Note  
I suggest 
Dnt buy this...Go For Lenovo K3 Note For Extra 700Rs 
 Bought it after seeing the flash sale. Heating, battery is major issue. Flipkart, Recall all K5 vibe to save your brand value. How this mobile is consider for flash sale. 
 the phone is good but the main problem is abnormal heating and battery draining.... otherwise all other thing are good...... but the front camera is not 13 mp it is 8 mp......... 
 Camera not as like 13mp. Poor performance. Display OK. But not gorilla glass. 
 I have been wait for one week and finally bought on 30.03.16 , delivery happened on today. Thanks to flipkart for next day delivery . 
Pros : 
price 
Spec 
Decent camera
Compact. 
Cons: 
Over heating 
Unable to hold for atleast 15mins it's started heating , can't answer the phone without headset it's very heating.   
 I COULDN'T BELIEVE THAT THE LENOVO MOBILE CAMERA CAN BE UNEXPECTEDLY POOR LIKE THIS, I USED 8MP CAMERA OF LENOVO A6000 AND WHAT A GOOD CAMERA WAS THAT BUT IS IT A 13MP SHOOTER??
I WANT AN ANSWER OF MY QUESTION FROM LENOVO! 
DEAR LENOVO TEAM,
YOU CANNOT DO THIS FOR SOME MONEY IF YOU REALLY WANT TO MAINTAIN YOUR BRAND'S GOODWILL!
EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED: CAMERA QUALITY IS UNEXPECTEDLY VERY POOR, HEATING ISSUES AND A LITTLE BIT ISSUE OF BATTERY 
 Build quality is cheap
Heating issue
Back Camera - 5MP from best brands(Samsung/Sony) is better than 13MP
Chinese companies provide quality than this. 
Lenevo building their brand with success of K3 and K4 note in recent times. Never expected this.
On paper Lenevo K5 looks stunning, actually its not!!! 
Over all, Don't waste your and money. Spend on good things. 
 Processor is 1.5 GHz + Qualcomm Snapdragon 616, Octa Core but they have described as 1.7GHz. it is getting heat in very quick time. 
 Pros:
Nice Looks
Good UI and Nice touch response
Dolby sound is good(but not best) 
Cons:
Heating Heating Heating issues. Gets hot way too quickly
Bad Bad Camera for 13MP
Updates takes a lot of time.  
If you are a heavy user I do not recommend this phone.  
 the phone heats quickly. recieved an update of 93 mb.
camera average.
the resolution is fine
sound superb
video playback awesome with 1080p
network connectivity is bad.
the phone is overheating cannot hold in hands
the battery is draining so fast.satndby only upto 3-4 hours in normal usage.so i am returning this product.Flipkart this phone is having a lot of problem.so kindly stop selling this product 
 The review is based on one day use. 
1. Look & feel of the product is not that great as it looks on website. It's average.
2. Camera is Ok. Didn't feel like it's 13 MP camera, compared with another device having 8 MP camera, pics were better with 8 MP compared to Lenovo's.
3. Device gets heated up & going off frequently so I returned. 
 first of all this phone is costing only 8500 INR with having octa Core processor sounds good.
let's have it's review on pros and cons 
PROS:- 1. having octa core processor 
2. DOLBY digital sound( can give 5 star for its sound )
3. screen readability is also good.
4. cool metallic finish on back 
5. 16 GB internal (10GB usable )
6. 2 GB RAM(1MB is free on my new phone)
7. notification light for call and mails 
8. comes with theater max function 
CONS :
1. Fist of all this is 1.5 GHz octa core processor not 1.7 Ghz
2. camera is not too good means there is blur effect while moving camera slightly, and front camera is also not fine as i am having lumia 640 with .9MP and is beating my new k5 
3.most horrible problem is low battery backup, while using phone normally 10-15 M, battery level goes down by 1-2%
4. no guerrilla glass 
5. hardware navigation button are having no back-light. 
so overall good value of money 
so friends this is vary first review from me Hope it will help u all  
Sunil Yadav 
 Too much heating. Camera is very poor quality. Rear Camera is 13 Mp but working like 1 MP. Front Camera is little bit good as compare to rear camera. Overheating problem with this phone. If you ask for return policy to flipkart they deny you and will not return your phone. totally worst product 
 Looks were awesome but only looks not make the phone looks good. Drastic Heating problem and very very poor camera raise the questions on the performance of brand like lenovo and no keypad lights,no front flash and no earphones were the biggest drawbacks.Rest all is fine............. 
 It has good screen quality and very good in looks and perfectly slim and very nice sound..but it has lots of problem that make you not to buy this product. It has heating issues and battery drains very quickly.Smartphone with so less battery power is of no use. 
 Never expected the cheap quality from Lenovo.They feel customers are granted and blindly buy all mobiles from lenovo.I bought 2 lenovo k5 plus and to my surprise to see worst Camara ,Batter drains out fast,If I use Internet and play some games for 10 minutes it gets heats like anything.I requested customer they replied saying reset the phone it will be alright.Even after reset issues remained same.asked for refund and waiting 
 Received on 26/3/16 silver colour.
Pros:battery life, no bloteware, almost 1.2 Gb free ram, superb display clarity, great dolby sound output on speakers, great design, looking exclusive, good delivery and packaging by flipkart. 
Cons :No customise quick settings and no battery saver inbuilt. Only 06 theme and no more options, disappointed camera function, 
Hope same will soon upgrade to marshmallow 
  Camera specification is fake, poor image quality
 Heating problem, phone heats very quickly 
 Product is not worth for its price
 If you ask for return, flipkart will refuse and seller will disapprove your return request 
 Dont waste your money on this phone   
 I mean come-on, you cant get a better mobile phone at 7200/- (500 flipkart discount 800 bank discount). 
i compared, 2gb 16gb 5 inch, LONOVO name, good battery backup, 4/5 on battery, octa-processor, and good sound quallit.
camera is medium as compared to camera phones now a days, but dude, its just fro 7200, keep your expectations to limit. :P 
Yes headset do get heat-up, but NOT in normal usage, take any headset, 99% of them get heat when you play heavy games. 
If your headset get heat in normal usage, its not common problem, may be you have a defective piece in your hand, check and replace. 
VERDICT 
Absolutely a must buy at 7200, if you are buying at 8500, i would recommend you to look for other competitive options, you find many, but this phone stands at its place. 
 I have been using it for the past three days and this is my review so far:- 
Performance: More than satisfactory at this price point. I have used many flagships till date and this does not disappoint me in terms of performance. At par with that of the Yureka, m2 Note, Galaxy S5 etc. 
Storage: Multiple tests/benchmarks show an average of more than 35MB/s of write speed on the internal, which is kinda beautiful for this price point. 
Camera: Don't let the F2.8 aperture of the front-cam discourage you. Both cameras' are at par with the Zenfone Max(sometimes better). Much better than the Redmi Note 3, Yureka and K3 Note.(owned and used all) 
UI: Overheating issues are solved with software updates and the phone UI feels good. 
Look and fell: This aluminium casing looks and feels premium. Much better than the Vibe S1's plastic. But don't kid yourself the Redmi and Meizu m3 Note have much better build. 
Oh. It has multi-colored notification light present ;) 
Don't think any further. Save on the extra 1500/- you'd spend for phones with fingerprint scanners and whatnot and instead rejoice in something that doesn't disappoint at all.(the m3 Note has bad performance and Redmi has a below-average camera) 
 Hi guys, 
There were some bad reviews about the back cam and heating problem when I was buying this product but something inside me told that I should go for it and I did that. I purchased the phone and ever since I did that, I get happier every day. The UI is cool and simple, (I like it this way) very fast, no lags! Front cam is awesome, back cam is good. Awesome video recording. Awesome sound quality and superb display (Moto users get so jealous). VR support is so cool. So many sensors!!! In-built compass app (what else do you need), and a 16GB internal. All at such low cost. This is the low budget best phone. If you are someone with limited budget and want to go for something classy, this is definitely your choice!! Just go for it and don't think twice. I know you can handle tiny issues of slight heating while playing heavy games!! 
Antutu: 34K approx 
I haven't met anybody yet who haven't complemented me for having such a smart smartphone. :)  
Good luck on your purchase. 
 Earphone is not in the box, thought it is mentioned, but everyone expect this in the box, but its not... so be careful...!!!!!!!!!!! 
 Heating issue...Before buying this product I read all the reviews. Many complained about over heating. I saw other reviews and learned that an update will solve all the issues... It's true. when I first used the phone it really heated a lot .. But after a single update no problem, no over heating. You can buy this product without any hesitation. 
 The phone which i got is heating like a coal and is hanging at any moment and the worst part is the reponse from flipkart for its return . By saying 30 day return they are actually faking everyone. Worst experience from the flipkart service 
 battery backup is poor after use ya normal usage battery die quickly even you charge 100% after use the phone around half-an-hour then check the battery strength down to 60%-80%.
battery remaining percent is poor. Battery is not enough for one day once check your product quality then sale out this product 
 not really happy with the camera quality... rest phone is rocking till date... thanks... will definitely recommend this phone to others.. 
 Flipkart and Delhivery made the delivery so quick. I booked the phone on 30th March and got it on April 1st. Thanks for being so quick. 
Pros: 
1. Good audio quality, though u have to work a bit on the eq. 
2. Decent battery life. You might get a full day battery backup on less to average usage. 
3. Looks. OMG! Just killer u know. (I'm using the Grey one) 
OK Now let's be brutally HONEST and discuss the cons. 
Cons: 
1. Camera. No Lenovo, this is not 13mpx. And the front sensor takes images like a 3-4k phone. This is a major drawback. I'm extremely disappointed (I'm a camera lover though. I use Instagram a lot, so. .) 
2. Heating. Yes the phone gets heated up after 10-15 minutes of usage. And while charging this just heats up like anything!! 
3. I noticed a glitch here and I'm not really sure if I have to return for another fone. My phone is getting switched off now and then. I've to turn it on.. Again after half its getting switched off. Its misbehaving since today. Let me use it for a week. I'll update this post. 
Thanks all. 
Update after three days of usage:
1. Major heating issue when you give work load to the processor.
2. Battery is good if u use it compromising heavy app usage. But its really really bad while u do heavy app-ing.
3. Camera is seriously so poor. I compared this camera to my old MMX Spark, and both the cameras are of equal quality. To be honest, Spark has better focussing capability. 
 Received within 3 days of order placed. In time delivery of product is appreciated but about Lenevo Vibe K5 Plus, the Camera is not very good as expected and heating problem is there. Touch is good & sound is very good. Weight is also very light. Good phone in this range but heating issue need to be resolved by the manufacturer. 
 I took a huge risk even with so many negative issues and purchased this phone. You know what? I am glad I listened to my inner feelings rather than the reviews! 
First thing I will address - the phone does heat up, but it does as much as is expected from a metal clad phone. Nothing abnormal. The phone prompted for a 93 MB update soon after I connected it with my home Wi-Fi network and I installed it. Unfortunately, I don't think I will be able to use this phone as a "heating pan" or for "omelette" as some have claimed they did.
Secondly, the battery life is reasonable and it should easily last a day under moderate usage. There are NO battery drain issues. Call quality is great and there have been no call drops for me so far.
Third, for photography - it captures very good pics with good amount of detail under good lighting conditions but there is some noise in low light. This is a very typical smartphone camera performance in the low to mid-range.
Fourth point, the listing for Lenovo Vibe K5 Plus CLEARLY MENTIONS the "IN THE BOX CONTENTS" as I quote, "Handset, 2-pin Wall Charger, USB Cable, Battery", unquote. It's incredible that so many folks were disappointed that "they did not find headphones in the box."
I personally believe that for low to mid-range smartphones, you must have your expectations right. For example, this device runs heavy games like Mortal Kombat, Fifa and Asphalt 8 just fine, but only at low to medium settings.
Now, being a mid-range device there are bound to be shortcomings. For example, Lenovo could have included some carry case or cover for phone in the box - the device is, plainly put - slippery. I am waiting for the cover I have ordered. The phone looks rather bland from the front and capacitive buttons on the front are not backlit.
Though the inclusion of Dolby Atmos is great, the positioning of speakers on the back is disappointing. I believe the front had a lot of bezels above and below the display and the speakers should have been accommodated there, just like in Vibe K4 Note or Vibe X3. 
So, its time for some final thoughts. I am satisfied with my purchase and I think it's money well spent. My biggest concern turned out to be a hoax. There are a few downsides, but thankfully, none of them are deal breakers. Lenovo has confirmed on social media that Vibe K5 Plus will receive the Marshmallow upgrade down the line, so it should make it that much more sweeter! Last but not the least, Flipkart delivered the phone within 24 hours. Thanks for reading my review. 
 heating to much ...battery draining to fast ..looking very slow processing not like 2 GB RAM nd ..1.5Ghz processor (dnt go to smartprix ..its only 1.5 GhZ) 
 bought the phone for my mother.they sent me an used,heavily scratched,pre activated piece.i have claimed refund.let see what happens.but it is sure that this is my last purchase from flipkart.
forget about quality,but it is the basic thing that a genuine product should be delivered.feeling cheated.DON"T BUY.OR BUY AT YOUR OWN RISK. 
 I got my phone delivered today morning, we charged it and it was heating a lot. Then we started using it and when we took some data from Share it again it started heating and tried other electric boards but yes it is issue with Mobile and Charger too. I am returning my Phone. Camera (both) are ok. Sound Touch Looks all are good but Heating is not acceptable at all as it is a matter of your health and safety. 
 Worst camera, heating issue, like iron box, don't even think of this mobile to buy 
 seems its a heater and not a phone....every time i use it its heats up crazily and camera seems like VGA one...wrost product i have ever seen..gonnna return it 
 Don't Buy Lenovo vibe k5 plus mobile very very worst mobile Very Heating problem Camera quality normal & recharge demo sim not working in both sim slot .Return my mobile 
 Friends,
Flipkart is providing the false configuration and providing its customer a low configuration product.
I request flipkart to provide the product which u have promised before sale.
I am not satisfied with this mobile. 
Friends plz check configuration before u purchase the product. 
Thanks
Divya 
 Pros
Sound 4/5
Touch 4/5
Cons
Over heating cannot hold in hand. Once start using immediately heat's up to 42-43 degrees for normal web browsing.
Camera is OK it's not like 13 mp. It's like 5 MP.
Charging takes more time 6 hours.
Hanging sometime.
When open back panel you feel cheaper quality.
Apps doesn't install some times it shows continuous downloading.
Mobile charger is not compatible. It doesn't work for this phone but work's for other also the charger pins are small such that cannot plug it in properly. 
 The phone is really good from all aspects except the major heating problem, which still remains even after the latest software update of 119mb. Phone gets heated within 3-4mins of normal usage and burns the ear if you receive or make calls. Rest the product is really nice. But this overheating problem being really intolerable, I am going to return the product. 
 This phone is good at this price range. Camera (both front and back), sound, display, look, touch response and everything is very good except it has some heating effect. This is the review after using one whole day.  
 I bought Lenovo Vibe K5 Plus only for Dolby but very much disappointed (too much Treble and low Bass -- not good enough). 
I own a Lenovo Vibe K4 Note as well which has truly amazing Dolby effect. I am using Samsung E0-EG920BBEGIN In-Ear headphones (Rs929) with both K4 note and K5 Plus. 
If you are a music lover and buying for Dolby experience, I'd recommend you to avoid this phone and go for K4 Note. In all other respects, Vibe K5 plus is great buy. 
Pros
- Less bloatware
- Vibe UI is great yet simple to use
-  
Cons
- Headphones not included
- Dolby is a big disappointment. 
 The phone is pretty good looking. The display is very sharp due to high PPI.
I got the phone delivered in less than 24 hours. Very fast shipping by flipkart. 
Pros: 
Nice display
good though not high end processor
well managed ram, build quality
light weight
no heat issues for casual gaming
light ui
can use sd card for app installation
display comfort settings ( brownish display for eye protection)
separate sim slots  
cons: 
metal casing, not uni-metal (but premium looking)
Battery could be of more capacity. Draining faster.  
 Hi All, 
Good Display,
Awesome Sound Quality,
SAR Value is bit less compare to other phones of Lenovo. 
Very Very Poor Camera. But Quality can be upgraded with new firmware.
Using Camera for 5MIN's, i feel phone is getting heated up.
No HeadPhones, No Manual.
Opening the Battery cover is a challenge, it took 1 min to open it initially. 
If you are camera lovers, then don't go with this phone. 
Rest are fine as of now. Wait for more reviews on this phone.  
 Good phone for the money... 
The only thing that I cannot figure out is how to change the megapixel settings of the camera. It is just not there in the camera settings. Had to download a different app for the camera settings. Not satisfied.  
Rest all is fine. Dolby sound gives a different feel to the ear. Just have a good pair of headphones and you are set. 
4 stars only. 5 stars if camera settings were more intuitive. 
Edit: For those cribbing about camera, please check the size of the image. The megapixel setting is by default 2.0 MP I think, though I cannot figure how to change it in the default app. Downloaded a new app for it, works fine. 
 This phone comes with 1.5 GHz processor not 1.7 GHz. FLIPKART doing fraud will customers.
Too much heating issue.
Battery drains very fast.
Touch issue. 
 im fully dispointed dis device....charging while mobile on over heating,quickly drain battery,cam quality not good ,big mistake sold my lenovo a 6000 plus 
 heats up like an oven. rest is alll good but it gets heated up just after 5mins of casual use 
 This phone is not at all good....
After using for 5 minutes it goes heat up to 41c 
N
 it goes up to 44c , 
It heat's like iron ....
Camare quality is not good as k3... 
I wanted to replace this product 
Due to heat n poor camara,
But flipkart is saying the normal temperature is 47c , 
if it cross 47c then only u can replace this product....
I m sorry to say this but ,
I m not at all satisfied with this product...  
 i ordered this phone on 23rd march,and i got this on 28th march.
after using for 5 hour 
my main problems of this phone are, 
1. heatup 
 even using whatsapp for 10 min, i dont know why it is,i dont this no other phones heatup while texting...and 
2.poor backup 
 this phone turn down its battery quickly. i turn on the device after charging at 4 pm. just install some apps,and use whatsapp for a while. then it heat-up ( i am very disappointed ) 
editted : problems 1 and 2 are solved after a update of 119 mb. thanks to lenovo.  
3.irritating LED notification. 
i think lenovo company was forgot to put a blinking led instead of that irritating notification light.if I've a missed call, that notification led will always turn on (not blinking).which is not impressive.  
4. there is no option to reject / block unwanted calls ( i think they forget to add that function while develop its rom... grr grrr 
5. there is no screen double tap unlock option ( need to press the power button always t lock and unlock ) 
------------------------------------------------------------------  
some impressions are,,, 
1.great display with good side view. 
2.god selfie camera. ( im more white in it :p ) 
3.otg supported. 
4.easy to handle  
5.always have more than 1 gb ram free. ( no lag ) 
6.back cam is also good for outdoor capture ( mm,gud in low light too ) 
7.premium look   
 Camera is too bad, its worst than 5MP rear cameras. And the mobile became hot just for checking the camera when i bought the mobile. I applied for Return request on the delivered day itself. 
 Not that Much as Expected OK fr this price...camera is not good .. Getting heating up.. If u have a budget just go for lenovo vibe x3 ..  
When I think of what I want in an everyday phone, I think of battery life, camera, how it feels, and how durable it is. And yeah, how the screen looks. That's what pretty great about Lenovo Vibe K5 its midrange budget smartphone. 
Even though it has a 5-inch screen, this phone feels hand- and pocket-friendly. It's a good medium-size phone by today's gargantuan standards.  
But Bad Think is I dent Received  
1. Headphone is not with the phone.
2. No Gorilla glass  
 Bought the phone in 1st Sale. Below are the issues I'm facing
1. Charging issue  Phone is not getting charged with any of the charger. Flipkart replaced the charger but still the issue persist. 
2. Volume Button Issue  Volume keys do not work intermittently and especially when on a call. 
3. Audio Jack Issue  Audio Jack does not work intermittently.  
4. Moving files from laptop  First of all phone does not get detected on laptop. Even if detected files cannot be transferred.
Please note- I have tried different laptops and different USB Ports but the issue still persists. 
5. Long charging time  it usually takes more than around hour and a half to get the phone charged to 50%.  
6. After Sales Service - Visited the service center three times. They are not able to fix the issue. Lenovo customer care does not even respond timely. Phone is still in the service center. 
Flipkart do you even sell original products?  
 Superb Packaging by flipkart. Standard box from lenovo.The first boot was very smooth No heating. Connection to Wifi is simple.front camera is awesome.
very light weight nd comaptible in Size. it looks awesome and sound quality is amazing my all problems are solved with related to mobile finally i gt a superb mobile :-) . 
 I generally do not give rating 5 to any one unless it is really good 
Excellent phone in this range, display is awesome, Battery is good, performance is good, overall phone is good, I was waiting from a long time to buy a phone like this, I do not want to buy a phone which is 5.5 inches, this is handy easy to carry and manage do this too much just grab it. 
 I purchased the gold version.
The phone has a nice look and screen is above average. Lots of preloaded app (whether thats good or bad is upto you).
The Camera is decent but there are better camera around for this price range. My suggestion is to use other Camera apps than the stock one.
As soon as I hooked up to the WiFi..there were two system updates provided. My guess it is bug fixes as I dont see version upgrade.
I played games for 30 mins and it is hot as hell(so you can see the quality of hardware).
On heavy games or applications, the battery drains like water in hot summer sun.
But on casual to moderate use it easily lasts for 1 day and a little more. 
Conclusion:Nice phone for the price range but donot expect too much. 
 Octa core 1.5 ghz coupled with 2 gb ram deliver decent performance. Built quality is good. Full hd screen looks great. Camera is just ok as the low light photography is not good. 75 mb update has not improved the camera performance but it has increased the battery performance n it now generate less heat. Very good buy for the price. 
Ps: every android phone get warm while usage or charging. Most of them get very warm. 
 Overall product is ok but not the best. this time Lenovo really make fool to Indian people by saying that they use Snapdragon 616 processor 1.7 Ghz octa core & both sim slot in 4G standby, but actually its a older version SD 615 1.5 octa core & only one sim act as a 4G sim & other one is 2G. Really disappoint me this instrument.
it's advisable not to buy this product in same price you will get better product. 
But the packaging & delivery service of flipkart is awesome. 
 yesterday i got the mobile but i am not satisfied as i expected the battery is drain very fast. camera also not good as 13mp front camera is good and there is some heating issue also. 
 The aluminium body is a doubtful claim. It looks really cheap from inside.
No headphone with the content
No back cover with the content
The first start up was very long. I also had an error for my connection (docomo) In drive error as the network did not recognise the phone model. However on later restart there were no error.
After 1st startup the phone heated up like an induction cooker. It also heated up very bad on the 1st call.
On the 1st charge also the travel adaptor heated up pretty bad.
I'm gonna speak to lenovo and give them a mouthful first before I return this product.
delivery was great from flipkart and the seller so cant blame them. 
However am concerned with my credit card payment as the delivery guy instead of taking my sign on the slip asked me to sign on his mobile phone / PDA which is a bit scary as my card info can be misused later. Flipkart need to streamline this dangerous practice.
My father will hate me as this is to be his first smartphone experience 
after 2 week usage the heating has come down a bit. The lady from flipkart said they will not take back the product because of heating issue. Wanted me to update the software which was 1351 MB and 200 MB plus which cost me Rs.500 out of my pocket to update on Airtel network. I now noticed that the camera has no shutter sound and the 13 MP camera is a joke as the quality of picture is horrible. Slow shutter speed and shaky picture. The more you use this product. you will realise it has more hidden flaws than hidden features. 
 REAR CAMERA QUALITY IS NOT GOOD AS SAID 13MP
OVERHEATING ISSUE EVEN AFTER UPDATE IS INSTALLED.
AFTER USING FOR 10 MINS ITS GET OVERHEATED IRRESPECTIVE APPLICATION IS USED.
NO EAR PHONES IS OFFERED FROM LENOVO.
PHONE IS LESS WEIGHT
FRONT CAMERA IS GOOD AS SAID 5MP.
DISPLAY IS GOOD. 
 Don't trust on the old reviewers, i post this review after testing it for two weeks
First of all, others are telling about heating problem, but i want to tell you there is an update of about 150 MB which solved this problem and now they're is no heating issue, so. Don't fear anymore.
1) PROS
Very good and sharp display
Awesome processor
Sound is loud
Battery backup last longs for a day
Good UI
Front camera is good
VR support ( cheapest Android phone with VR support )
Handy (5 inch screen
2) CONS
Rear camera is not upto mark like a 8 MP camera but good on outdoor condition
Notification volume automatically goes down 
 The best phone available in the market below 9K..All reviews below are stupid..No heating issues at all.. I've been using the same for the last 3 months... Games, net, watching full HD videos everything great with this phone.. Battery back is also better compared to other phones of this class.. Sound is awesome with Dolby and the stereo speakers..really studio quality..Really lenovo needs appreciation..Well done.. 
 Only heating issue but this issue ia now with every phone but i loved its sound quality original Dolby sound overall at this price phone is very good. 
 I am really pleased after buying this handset. Nice Model :) I will suggest you to buy this. Best paisa vasool. 
 But no metal body... .
Phone like Better on Lenovo 6000+ 
Nd advance of theatre max superb 
 good look
good UI
good processor
good display
good sound'
battery standby time is less
heats when multitasking 
BUT its gives the value for money..... 
 i like this mobile it has really very good sound quality,good camera.
but yeah...whenever i m doing any internet surfing and play games on it...it gets hot very quickly but overall i like this mobile 
 it just awsme style,look design very light in weight easy to handle its all want you want. its sound quality is like nothing you have heard till now DOLBY ATMOS name is enough and that to in 1920x1080 quality. i will suggest to use good headphone like skullcandy then you can fill the difference. i can't see any heating problem till now.the only problem you can face is the camera in low light. all over it's the best phone to buy at a very low cost 
 After using for 2 days,iam more than satisfied with the device.Overall a good phone.
Heating problem was initially present and it stopped AFTER SOFTWARE UPDATE. 
 Really a good phone...with HD Display,Dolby Speakers,16 GB Internal Memory,Removable Battery...Processing speed is Faster....Little bit heating problem on playing high graphics game...like Asphalt 8,Injustice..Camera is Okay..The look of the phone is really good..After all no other phone will provide these facilities at this rate. 
 Very good sound quality with nice camera and touch. The performance is also better. 
 Heating issue only.otherwise phone is nice at that budget. . . 
 Phone that i got the manufacture date was 04/16..so there is no lag and heating issues because they had resolved it. 
I am happy with the Vibe UI and can change to Andriod Stock UI. 
Phone comes with Charger, Data Cable, Battery(li-ion 2750 mah), Screen Guard and guide book also warranty card but not with earphones (DOLBY adjusts any earphone to give out great sound mainly with those rubber earphones)... 4/5 
If any body brought earlier so they have to update it to resolve.
Coming to phone - After powering on and connecting to internet gives you an update (avg 100mb) Update is a MUST !! in order to get a drastic change in performance and change in UI... Menu option Appears after u reset ur phone once...  
Phone has Killer Looks !! with Aluminium CASING ! 5/5  
Display has 441 PPI (Pixels per Inch) total pixels 441 X 5 = 2205 pixels, So Display Is BULLSEYE !! U will not try to away ur eyes from it !! Video is Awesome ! 5/5  
Camera - All I can say is it is really better than Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (redmi has cons in both light and low light conditions, more in low light condition !) Believe me IT IS !! 
u can have a google search on it..... front 4.5/5 and rear 4/5 
I have got this phone on 11th May 2016
Battery Is Great !! U can do much in a day !! Whatever U want !! but be careful of that preinstalled antivirus it helps the battery in draining the power quickly and to heat up. 
PHONE MUST BE CHARGED FULL ONCE BEFORE IN USE... 4/5  
Processor and RAM are working Like best friends... Giving there best !! 5/5  
Dolby Atmos (Atmospheric Sound Redifined) - I'm gonna say nothing about it, U will get to know what it is ! when it is in ur hands... 5/5  
Touch Sensitive is GREAT !! but without the lenovo screen guard, use a Tampered Glass... 5/5  
Charging is Really Very QUICK !! 1% to 100% in 90-100 mins.... 5/5  
Best Phone At this Price with these Spec !! 5/5 
IT IS NOT DUAL 4G STANDBY PHONE !! OBVIOUSLY NOT REQUIRED TO BE WITH TWO 4G NETWORKS AT A TIME...  
Aluminium Casing is like HEAT SINK !! Heats up Quickly and Cools down Quickly !! try it in front of AC.... there may be heating issue but not over heating issue... once try opening the back cover !  
Coming to Heating ISSUE ! 
After the update is successfully done... uninstall the mcafee anti-virus app (MAINLY !) and also unnecessary apps (If Possible)... You will find ur phone is not getting heated just like before and also improves battery power ! Just like I felt it !  
after reading this review it is all upto U ! To buy it or not....
and please rate this review if it has helped you.....  
 Phone is nice with all its features. But it bears a HIGH HEATING issue even after a very mere use. I don't understand why Company made such a nonsense with a good phone. Even I didn't find any new update to resolve this heating problem. If anyone have some idea, please share with me. 
 I am very satisfied with the performance,display and style.
Only drawback I found is ... It has some heating issues even after the updates.... 
 Awesome mobile except heating issue.Good camera quality,best picture and audio quality.Good battery life.Best phone in this price range. 
 I placed order on 26th Apr 2016 by 10:20 pm. The product got shipped on 27th by 01:00 am and on 29th I got the delivery. Actually it was out for delivery on 28th itself but may be the delivery boy couldn't deliver due to heavy work load. But I didn't bother with 1 day delay as I was outta town. 
The product: Lenovo Vibe K5 plus (quite long name), looks so nice. I got Silver color. It's front facia is in white colour and has got Silver aluminium back panel. This phones reminds me the early age costly Nokia handsets which were in Rs 15000-20000 price range in around 2005. So ergonomically it sits in those royal phone's row where I-phone does sit. 
Performance: The phone has got Bright (brighter than Sony Xperia Z2) and sharp display (just like Sony Xperia Z2) so viewing screen is a great experience. Touch is smooth but lags sometimes when the app remains idle for some long time. Wi-fi signal catching ability is great. The internet acts quicker than Sony Xperia Z2 on Wi-fi. Dolby Atmos technology is superb in loudness and clarity. Only two buttons those work for volume up-down and power on-off are silky smooth. The phone is very light weight. This is why the one must have this phone. 
Heating issue: Reading my review, one must be thinking upon heating issue background of his\her mind. Yes, the phone does heat up even then when you just playing with the screen for long time or browse the Internet. In my view, This phone is only capable for basic phone functions and not made for playing games. 
So, overall conclusion is if u want a phone for basic use then this the must go phone. But if u are a game enthusiast. Then this is not for u. 
 Phone is just awesome. No lag at all. But only a small heating issue. if you ignore it then its the best smartphone. 
 but little bit problem comes in battery overheating thats it.and the update version is just amazing.the dolby sound have a great perfomance. 
 Solve heating problem by update your system. Now after update the phn is not 1% heated. And after update the quality of camera is also changed to better. Should buy this phn. Its nice mast h bhai 
 first of thanks to flipkart to give me good delivery on perfect time. packing also very goof.
I am using this phone from 2nd of april
touch is very good.
ui is very good.
sound is very good.
no leaging.
Only one big issue is heating after playing game or browsing for 20 minutes.
Dont tell me for ota upgrade because i already two upgrade which one for 93 MB and second 
58 MB.   
 While Using Internet , Playing Games or Videos, Phone will get heated & Battery DISCHARGE very fast. Rest every thing is fine. 
 I have purchased this phone month before, but I am facing serious heating problem and battery backup issue.
Remaining Camera quality is not as such good like 13MP camera,
will not recommend this one.  
 This phone is good under 9K 
camera is good
battery back up is good
lookout is nice
but over hitting issue 
 Good performance with theatermax, good sound quality, 441ppi screen quality, 1 day high usage battery efficiency, camera quality moderate. 
 The product is quiet good means above average.At the beginning there was a lot of heating problem which was solved after the update.Camera is above average.Front camera is good but rear one is not like 13mp.Speaker quality is superb.All total its a nice buy,and quiet a value for the money spent. 
 Nice Mobile. But headset is missing.  
Pros- Dolby Atoms feature is Awesome. 
 This phone is very good function and fast charging and game not hang 
 Vibe K5 plus is a real nice looking phone but as it is said good things have a cost attached to it and the same is applicable to it. The phone has some real heating issues which makes its usage uncomfortable at times. So if you just want to flaunt and not an high mobile user this mobile can be ur good companion but if your usage is high, seriously avoid it. 
 Phone disply good battery good...8000 ki range mein best phone h...itne mein koi apple thodi aa jayega...socho mat...kharid lo.... 
 Phone is average in performance, over heating is the big issue with the phone, camera is average . Phone gets stuck to many times while using. 
Great work from the FLIPKART quick delivery with easy return 
Rating for FLIPKART not for PHONE 
 lots of heating issue every time,.Camera really worst its output like 2.0mp camera.It's complete none sense phone 
 Its good in looks ,features are good ,but This phone is like lenova 6000plus .Phone has sum problems like the camera and battery backup both are not up to the mark as lenova describes..and phone heats.. Overall the phone at 8499 is not good.. It's rate should be around 7000 not more than that.  
( I like to ask wats the meaning of " transceiver " it describes on lenova box but not in Flipkart specifications.if it is headphone then flipkart is cheating us they r removing headphone from box. 
My suggestion is add more money take other model not this .  
 A compact phone with all the features all we needed. Just a beauty with skills. Blindly you can have one. 
 First of all timely delivery work by W S Retails. Product is good and upto the mark for it's cost. Only one problem of overheating while using Wi-fi and continue surfing for long time. Battery backup is also average. Camera,Dolby Sound,Processor is very good. 
 Very good mobile in this price range. but it heats up very easily....
Just playing some very basic games but it heats up easily....
With 4G mode on, it heats up even in idle mode....
I have updated all the available soft wares but still the issue is same. 
 This mobile is good in terms of look, quality and light weight design. As of now, I haven't faced any problem. And the dis advantage is the product in box accessories does not include ear phone, where one obviously expect a Ear phone from company directly. 
 It's awesome in cheap price BT main problem I face that is overheating  
 Pros... Elegant look, good camera result, nice music 
Cons...Display for additional app is not comfortable 
I suggest this is a good product with cost... 
 After using this phone for over a month I think I have seen enough to pen down a review. 
Pros 
Awesome looks 
Wide viewing angle 
Awesome sun readability. Even on medium brightness. 
Crystal clear display 
Battery life is average. Lasts through the day. So no complaints. 
Loud sound and sound doesn't Crack even at high volume. 
Cons 
Average camera. Takes passable photos on daylight but night time photos are so full of noise and color reproduction is a total off. 
Some "novice" users might be whining about heating issues. Lenovo has pushed two updates which takes care of any such issues. No heating even after playing graphically demanding games.  
At the end I would say you get what you pay for.   
 Worst phone in whole market facing many issue with this phone and waste of money.  
Never buy lenovo phones  
1- unable to connect wifi 
2- No picture clarity as it has 13MP
3- unable to connect calls 
4- heating problem 
China phones are best than these kind of phones in flipkart 
Never buy this phone. 
 Really awesome mobile..
You get 9.6 GB of Internal storage , almost 1.1 GB ram free at startup, Brilliant Display(FULL HD of 1920 x 1020p), Camera is also good, front is also good, battery is of Great capacity(2750mAh). 
Overall Rating of this mobile is Great, got this mobile at an unbelievable low price..Great!! Thanks Flipkart!! (Got Delivery in Two Days).... 
 this is really awsm phone,only the heating issue is a problem.
but we can manage it(every android phone are having the same issue) 
 First of all, People complaining about Over Heating, they have not used to Smart phones. This is a problem with the Android lollipop, doesn't matter, which phone you take, it gets heated. 
Heating in this case is completely normal and there is no case of overheating. 
On top of everything, you have to listen to the Speakers this phone have. They are literally freaking awesome..... You can't have this quality at this price. 
Also, display is one of the top notch you can have at this price point. 
Phone is quite snappy to respond and does not lags in day to day routine tasks. Please do not expect heavy gaming stuff.... this is a budget offering... 
Overall, huge value of money and complete 5 stars to the phone. 
 cons:
1. heating too much
2. battery draining very fast ( less then 8 hrs)
3. camera result is very poor ( 5 MP)
4. flipkart is denying to take it back 
 it would have been better if lenovo has provided a cooling pad case with this phone...its a stove (excess over heating) not a phone.buy if u r planning for a pocket fitting stove 
 I bought this phone on 30 march delivered on next day. After using 10 days this phone i am writing the review. 
It is heating a lot while charging and calling even talking 10 or less minutes. Overall all spec and function, I am satisfied but its heating issue disappointing me. 
 I have three Lenovo phones. Camera quality issue is very poor in all Lenovo phone. Heating issue also in all Lenovo phones. 
 Phone is too much heat when I use net.
Totally useless phone for one reason 
 mobile processing is good. but at the time of usage it becomes hot pan,so think before buying. if u play video after few mintues it becomes so hot.
cam quality was not upto the mark 
 Not worthy to buy even at 4000. Battery drains like we drink juice through a straw. Hardly lasts for half a day. and it heats so much that we can probably prepare an omlet on the back of the phone. Lot of lag while opening and switching between applications. wish there was a zero star rating. But unfortunately I have to give it one star. 
 Camera quality is very bad. Camera is not even "okay okay". Very bad. I understand that is is priced low for a reason. But the camera is hardly usable. 
 I am facing over heating issue with phone while on just 10 mins
i have closed all background App's and i have good enough internal memory. Please fix the heating issue . 
 This mobile battery is over heating it is not a good lot of heat while working on mobile this is the worst product .......... It is not worth for RS.8499......... I want to exange the phone...... Here after how can I buy lenova mobile with confidence....... 
 its iron plus mobile mobile is heating too much and poor camera quality.
It Is Just West of Time and money Please buy any other mobile then it. 
 Its a great phone at this price. 
Camera: Good Quality camera. I have seen some reviews saying lack of camera quality, but the camera quality is really good. There is a cover at the back of the camera, you have to first remove that, failing in that might be a reason for bad reviews about camera quality. 
I have been using this phone for one week now and it works great and thanks for the quick delivery which I received 4 days before the expected date.  
 It's a very good phone for below 10k. I read all bad reviews before purchasing this. People have complained about heating and camera issues. So I'll write about that only. 
It has a 1.5A rated charger, mainly used for phablets. It feels little heated while charging, I'll rephrase, it does not feel like iron. My other phone nexus 4 gets more heat than this. Phone getting 'little' heat 'sometimes' is pretty normal these days, it's not Nokia world anymore. People who've owned Android previously can correlate this. Besides it's an octa core processor. 
Camera, I don't know what people expect from this. You surely won't get a DSLR clarity, given that you know how to use DSLR other than auto mode. It's has a decent camera. And number of pixels does not represent picture quality. 
Rest all is good with this phone. Gorilla glass would have been nice but isn't it asking for too much in 8.5k. It isn't complicating native Android experience too much is a plus point, unlike xiome. 
BTW it failed to update the first OS update it received on first attempt. 
So if your expectations are not sky high and if you don't expect to feel like Superman by owning this then I would recommend this.  
 Phone is heating if use wifi or cellular data more than 15 minutes .. battery performance is not so great.. 
 camera result is bad
body display not good
battery back not good
5 to 10 minute mobile hit over all another lenovo mode  
 Delivery was prompt and received the procuct within 24 hrs of placing the order 
Pros:
1) Screen image quality and viewing
2) Premium look and feel
3) Good Sound quality
4) Up to date processor
5) Light weight 
Cons:
1) Heating problem while (using Data / gaming / GPS Navigation / Charging / taking ) for more than 5 minutes 
2) Average camera
3) Very delicate screen (screen cracked very badly when phone slipped from my 3 yr old's hand on marble floor {3 feet fall} ) very first week.
4) The casing is also very delicate. I would rather prefer than this very delicate shell, 
Should have spent more and bought a durable phone which could handle occasional falls and last more than a week. 
My old Moto G survied 4 feel fall @ 40KMPH with very minor scratches. 
 Even we use it for 5 minutes it's getting heated. Even the camera quality is not up to the mark. 
 1.Camera is very nice in natural light and in artificial light you should use other camera app to get better results. 
2.I charged my phone on the day of delivery i.e. on 29th march evening and it's 30% at present(31 march 11.20 pm).i used wifi for few hours between this time ,clicked some pictures,downloaded apps,listened music and watched videos. 
3.looks are great and t's slim and fast too. 
 Not a good phone at all, Heats up really fast, clarity is not good, Security is just like any other basic smart phone. 
 Too much heating
The phone gets too heated while charging, browsing net and keeping net on for a long time.  
 camera clarity is not good very bad and watching a video hitting mobile I am not satisfied 
 I got this Product on time by Flipkart. Appreciated. 
This Phone is very good with it's price features are good. 
Thanks
Raghunath D 
 Not happy with the performance, ordered on the 1st day of sale (23rd Mar 2016), earlier using lenovo A6000+. so lot of trust was on lenovo.... ordered this phone and not so happy at 1st glance.
review after day1:-
Good points:-
1. Look is ok
2. Camera Ok
Bad Points:-
1. Speaker sound creates vibration in complete mobile and even loudspeaker call u can feel the vibration
2. heating issue
3. battery difficult to remove
4. Only outside body is been polished feels like rich, but inside body is of plastic and cheap material. 
 Great phone!!!..
The Heating problem of phone stops aftr update.No worries!!!! 
 Overall good features. Stylish, handy and light weight.
but the phone is getting heated up with a minimal usage like calling for 5 minutes or using camera or watching video.
This is very annoying. So planning to return it.
Heating effect is not acceptable at any point of time. 
So double check before buying it. 
 NICE PHONE WITH ALL FEATURES ,BUT I THINK NOTICE IN MY PHONE HARDWARE DETAIL THAT AS DESCRIBE THAT ITS 1.7GHZ PROCESSOR BUT MINE IS SHOWING 1.5GHZ 
 First i should appreciate FLIP KART for their enthusiasm to deliver the product as soon as possible. 
About the phone, one should expect the better phone from lenovo like brand. 
This phone is not so bad. but everything is installed/made with some limitations to meet the budget. Like screen glass, camera, UI skin, battery capacity. 
After usage of almost 32 hours i have observed the below:
1. battery charging time was more and draining time was less (Rationally)
2. Rear camera is better than poor with very limited settings. Front camera is excellent.
3. browsing speed is very good.And note that it has 1.5 GHz processor instead 1.7 GHz.
4. VR option is good. but not tried with glasses.
5. Screen brightness is good
6. Casting tv option also good
7. Phone Look is fine and imitate the premium phones.
8. Dolby atmos sound is crisp and clear  
So final conclusion is, it is a budget phone with brand name.   
 please do not purchase this mobile phone low performance more heating and battery performance is very bad. i request 2 time to refund my money but flipkart reject this please don not purchase. 
 PLZ JO BHI YEH MOBILE LENE KI SOCH RAHA HAI PLZ APNE PAISE BARBAD NA KARE ! ALL OVER PERFORMENCE IS ZERO ! OR SABSE BADI BAAT KABHI BHI ONLINE PURCHASE PAR TRUST NA KARE ! OR KHAS TOR PAR FLIPKART PAR KYUKI INKE PURCHASE PROSESS ASAN PAR REPLACE OR REFUND KARNA ASAN NHI YEH SIRF SITE PAR BEWKUF BNANE K LIYE LIKH DETE HAI 30 DAYS REPLACEMENT ! KYUKE MAE BHI INKI WAJH SE BHUGAT RHA HU . O.D NO.- OD105619150912025000 
 I Purchased a mobile Lenova Vibe plus K5 - Its heating like anything 
Am not able to keep in my ears... 
I dint know what i have to do 
 lenovo just cheating people with this cheap phone. 
1.heats for every thing.you cant take into hands when 100%charged
2.camera quality is very poor like 3mp,if objects moved when taking photos we get blured images
3.battery back up is not good
4.dolby atmos sound .nothing new.its giving sound like a regular phone. 
 HI,  
THIS IS MADHU, LAST MONTH 30TH MARCH AM RECEIVING THE LENOVO VIBE K5 PLUS MOBILE,RIGHT NOW I AM USING THIS MOBILE BUT IT IS PRODUCING THE HEAT IN MOBILE BACK SIDE. WHEN WE ARE PLAY THE GAMES OR PLAY THE MUSIC. PLEASE SOLVE MY PROBLEM. NEXT 5 DAYS I WILL RETURN TO PHONE. 
THANK'S. 
 Poor camera and battery quality. Many functions like auto call recording, double click wake up. Buttons back light, are missing. 
 Lenovo vibe k5 purchase today, i saw the camera quality outdoor is very worst, also heating problem........................................................................................................................ 
 1. The another chines dead or waste product to India. The product comes with out testing, my phone is able to call other person but not receiving calls. Flipkart instead of returning advising servicing.
2. rear and front Camera'a is one of the worst i took snap in my life. distortion is very high.
3. The biggest and foremost is claiming "SIM Type Dual Sim, LTE + LTE, (Dual Standby) "
fact is RJIO LTE is not supporting, then why i will purchase a phone in my country where biggest player's LTE is not supported.
4. The customer Care executive need to listen the problem, instead they try to convince and reading the flipkart policy, i purchased a phone not web site.
5. The processor is 1.5 not 1.7 , they lie in product specification, 
 i got the product but it not working.some hardware problem and i replace my product let us see whats go next. 
 Speedy delivery by flipkart. 
Pros: 
Body build is excellent
Premium looks
Removing back panel is quite easy if done in a right a way else it is like trying to open the door with the wrong key. On the bottom there is edge to open, 
Sound quality is good
performance is good.
Front Led notification 
Front camera is excellent. 
Cons:
Poor front camera clarity(hope settings\software update will resolve) 
 I have called Lenovo CC on 1800-3000-7678 to take help in adjusting the camera settings to improve clarity. As noticed below form other users camera is not upto the mark.
Customer care executive took the call and asked for IMEI, finally she told this IMEI is not present in Lenovo Data base. I am sure this product is genuine as i trust Flipkart. But why IMEI is not registered in Lenovo Data base? If it is not registered no warranty and you cant take any services from Lenovo service centers.
CC agent blamed Flipkart, as they have to register this else i have to scan and send the invoice to Lenovo but why should i do other work.
Flipkart should action against it. 
Silly mistakes like this either from Lenovo\Flipkart will cost a huge brand damage.  
 Bought this to gift to someone by looking at its metallic body and colour. 
First of All , phone looked good from outside due to build and colour but as soon as i started using its giving problems like heating for small amount of usage and while chatrging too.  
Rest of the features are good in the price mentioned , but it heats in such a way that you feel like putting the phone under AC or dip in water. 
Planning to return the phone in few days , just waiting to check if heating continues or not. 
I will update my review if permitted. 
 1. After a day's usage I found the phone heats on continuous usage for more than 15 or 20 minutes
2. Battery drains too fast 100% to 70% within one hour on wifi
3. Camera is not upto mark in 13MP range though not bad 
It would be greatful if Lenovo addresses the issues of heating, battery and camera otherwise I have to return the phone. 
However, Flipkart service is awesome, delivered product within 24 hours.   
 worth buying this phone...Camera clarity is good .Sound is nice . Phone speed is good as well..................................................................... 
 pros:-
-stylish
-Back Camera out put is almost good as Redmi note 3
-supports VR [could view 3 d videos using 3d glasses]
-supports OTG
-Managed to play MC 5 , Asphalt 8 at highest settings[playing since 3 days no hangs also an antutu score of 39k+]
-upgrageable to Marshmallow will come soon in a months time 
cons;- 
-slippery in hand
-Average battery backup 
Those who are talking about heating issue they should flash latest ota
camera is good as a13 mp should infact almost equivalent to Redmi note 3s 16 mp 
 Good phone under 9 k nice looking every thing is good no any problem everything are excellent 
 Writing this review after usage of 3 days: 
1. Overall, a decent phone in its price range.. 
2. Camera is gud in day light; but in low light condition it is worthless.. So if u r a photo freak, don't opt for this.. 
3. Battery back up is gud enough for normal usage; easily gives a day long battery back up in case of moderate usage..
4. Voice clarity & speakers are superb..
5. A bit of heating issue is there if used continuously for a longer duration.. I think, this issue needs to be resolved by Lenovo in next update..
6. Screen touch is smooth..
For moderate users, this is a gud phone in this price range.. 
 Flipkart delivery is very fast.. phone is good..not the best in this price.Looks is good. I most like the feature of this phone is the sound. But little heating problem, may be after some days the heating problem will be resolved automatically. 
1. Headphone is not with the phone.
2. No Gorilla glass
3. Opening of the back panel is tough
4. Camera is ok. 
 I raised a complaint with flipkart, they simply rejected it despite as they advertise with return policy.
I am completely dissatisfied both with the phone as well as flipkart service ... 
 Decent phone in this price range. 
Ordered the phone on 23rd and received it today morning (25th).
Pros:
- Very good sound quality
- Very light weight
- Detachable battery
- Good display
- Nice touch response 
Cons:
- Heats even when I was trying to install apps from play store.
- Camera quality below average. 
 Here are the comments using after a day. 
1. Mobile heats slightly when used for 10 mins or more.
2. Camera is average.
3. Good look and design. very slim mobile.
4. Its not LTE+LTE. only sim 1 supports 4G
5. Expandable memory only upto 32GB. 
6. its not 1.7Ghz cpu, only 1.5 
Overall its good to use. 
 The mobile is good but some problems are there
Good:
- Design
- Less weight
- Display
- Sound
- Good Processor
- Battery
- Good Sensors 
Bad:
- Over heating
- only one sim support 4g
- SAR Value is high about .884 - .90 (means more radiation)
- Average Camera Quality 
 Actually I took a risk on the phone. I got many review with one or two stars, but I only followed the specification and the brand Lenovo. My observations are as follows: 
1. Many users have complained about the devices heating problem, but in my view the heating is very slight and not a point to be noticed. While downloading and installing the update it was heating, but once the update is installed, you are just totally out of heating problem. 
2. Regarding the battery, I wont say its very good, but for a smart phone with 3G connection enabled, one day battery life is ok for me. 
3. Front camera is not like 5 MP, but I have to say rear camera is more than my expectation. Especially in day light photos, the camera is performing just excellent. 
4. Screen is just awesome. You will really enjoy watching Full HD movie in this phone. The touch is also very smooth. 
5. Dolby Atmos Speakers are very good. If you connect with year plugs, the sound is just mind blowing. 
6. With the phones specification, it was expected that the speed will not be an issue, and the mobile is reflecting the same. With standard condition you will always get more than 950 MB free ram. And yes the phone is equipped with 2GB of ram not 1.8 GB as some guys have written in the review. 
7. And finally got the delivery prior to the expected date as always. Thanks flipkart.   
 phone is perfect except battery issue 
while normal usage phone heats up 
front camera is best 
back camera is not up to the mark!!!!
available ram is 1.8 gb but still 1.1gb always free this is best!!!
memory available is 9.5 gb for app storage this also good!!!!
phone performance is best and sound quality is very good.  
 Received the mobile on next day. Thanks for the quick turn around. 
Also mobile is looking good. Performance, stylinsh and camera quality are good. 
Sometimes mobile is getting heat. That is normal. Since i have used HTC 600. That mobile normally getting heated when i kept it in the pocket. 
 Superb Quality....... phone and fast delivery ...........one of good experience with flipkart. this one is my first online shopping experienc from filpkart in my life and it's really... good  
 This phone is very bad 
too much issue in this phone
Over heating, hanging, Poor camera, processor1.5/1.7 
 As expected from Flipkart the product was delivered on time! I received the phone on 7th as it was launched on 6th. The looks n features are simply amazing and its worth buying the product. It would have been great if the picture quality had been a little better. It's too light n elegant in style. I am LOVING this phone for the last 9 days in use. I would suggest people who are looking for a reasonable phone can go for this product as its worth buying. This is a beast of its kind !!! So far all good and hope to be good in near future. 
 this mobile is the best mobile i ever used.this is like a flagship at our handy price.everyone is complaining about heating and this is normal in highend mobiles.and even keep in mind that this is summer season in india so it is normal of heating of metals.this mobile has metal backpannel.further if you are not happy with that heating problem remove all unwanted apps and especially lenovo apps which run continously in the background. 
 fully satisfied with lenovo and the vr support is like cherry on a cake one of the killer feature at these price point 
 Have used Lenovo A6000 previously, bought this one to upgrade & also for its metallic look. 
Overall its a value product, display, music & metallic design is great. 
Front camera is amazing, also music is at its best. Though VR lens compatible, the kit has to be purchased separately,  
Look forward for a software update, specially for rear camera settings (very less options). 
NOTE: On receipt of mobile: pl. charge the mobile completely for 2-3 hrs, prior usage. Have allways sticked on to this basic step. The battery gives a backup of 1 day, with optimum usage & on wifi / 3G day long. 
 Before i write a review for this Phone, i would like to share My Usage per day: 
1. About 2 hrs of calling.
2. About 2-2.5 hrs web browsing, social media, emails etc.
3. My Data is ON for almost 16 hrs (out of which 4 hrs is Wifi and rest 4G)
4. No Gaming
5. No Movies, Music, videos etc 
Coming to the reviews, 2 big lies from Flipkart and Lenovo:
1. 1.7 Ghz Octa Core Processor (actually its 1.5 Ghz Octa Core)
2. Aluminium Casing (actually its Plastic with Aluminium Look and feel though it does look good). 
PROS:
1. Display : Display is very crisp and at the given price you will not get better display than this. Touch is also very responsive. Get a tempered glass for Protection and it will work like butter. NOTE: Do not use the screen guard sent alongwith the packing, its very poor quality. Mine was slightly larger than the screen size.
2. Battery: For my usage, the batteryeasily lasted more than 36 hours which is pretty good.
3. I usually install a lot of utility applications (around 60-70) on my smartphone (no gaming though) and keep using 8-10 apps parallely. This Phone didn't show any signs of lagging or over heating (as in case of Snapdragon 810 in OP2). Some heating was definitely there. 
CONS:
1. Camera: Not the best for sure. If you like clicking lot of pics please avoid this phone and go for either SONY or Samsung or Microsoft (if you are OK with Windows).
2. Software: Vibe UI has some glitches, while installing apps, it sometimes get hung on the installing state for more than 10 min. Then you have to restart. It happened twice with me. Also Lenovo installs lots of useless apps on mobiles (and Laptops as well).
3. Notification LED has only 1 colour (Green) no matter what you have chosen in the app.
4. Incoming call ringtone has a very low volume (even after you keep it max). When you play some music or video, the speakers are pretty loud. That is surprising. Maybe some bug. 
For me, the PROS outweighs CONS but this might change from person to person depending on the usage. 
 Looks great, No heating problem, battery stands for 1.5 day on moderate use. Both camera are good. Dolby atmos dual speaker sound experience is awesome. Watching movie on this is a pleasant experience. For me in a nut shell it is value for money 
 Good Product with economical price, Better and faster delivery . Good optional for less price smart phone for poor people.Thanks 
 best phone at this budget
very primium looks
2gb ram
16 gb internal memory of which 9.7 gb available which is ok 
having some heating issue but was solved after the update
camera is ok
not made for heavy users 
 Good mobile this price tag..battery average..screen good..camera average...but one thing not added gorilla glass... 
 So far so good. Have been using this phone for over a week. Nothing so great to mention about except its brilliant dispaly and excellent sound. Battery life is also good. What we get at this price is quite satisfactory. So far I have not faced any problem. Some users mentioned about over heating but i dont observe any over heating in my phone. No extra or special feature to mention about. Camera quality is good. Not very great pics in dark. Front cam is better than expected. Vibe UI is not so apealing. Needs to be refined. Overall looks and feel of the phone is good. Easy to hold and lightweight. The back cover which company claims to be of aluminum actually looks like plastic. Processor is also 1.5 Ghz not 1.7 Ghz. Out of 16GB inbuild memory about 12 GB is available for user. And its not 4G/4G. Only one sim 4G. Overall a good phone for normal users. This phone is not for gamers. 
 i am getting this product today itself only..
camera is good...
sound system is also very good...
only one problem is no ear phones ...
please kept ear phones along with this product then more people will buy this mobile and which helps to all the users 
 I am using this mobile for 1 week now. No major issues faced. Sound, look and feel is very good. Snapdragon Processor is always my first choice over mediatek. Also you get 441 ppi in this budget which is awesome.  
Don't think much, if anyone is planning to buy a high configured smartphone then go for it. 
 Mobile is very good in its all features. Best sound quality, picture view is also very clear. Front camera 5MP is very good. 
But.. 13MP camera is very poor. Its like 2MP camera.. Overall very good compared to current market.. 
 Worth for money. . Very attractive n eye catching. Heating is almost common in every Smartphones. So dnt wry abt it, even camera is good.. So pplz with -ve comments think before u post any illogical reviews.. 
 First things first, this is a budget smartphone. So, set your expectations straight. There are somethings you have to compromise on, if you are keeping your spending tight. 
After 24 hours of medium to heavy usage, I have found this phone to score a lot more positive marks than negative, contrary to what the other reviews say in general.  
It's got an octacore 616 SD processor at a price point of 8499, with 2 GB RAM and Adreno 405 GPU. Performance wise, there is nothing to complain about. There have been absolutely no signs of delay or lag so far. With these specs, this phone has hit its rivals hard below the belt to say the least. 
Looks wise, there is little to complain as well. There is an aluminium casing, signature to lenovo phones. It's light and though the grip could have been better, it's still manageable.  
Display and sound are the two major selling points of the phone. The display is sharp, crisp and the color saturation is just perfect for lengthy viewing. The Dolby Atmos enabled sound is crystalline. There is a dearth of phones with twin speakers nowadays, and since I am personally a fan of stereo speakers (having used Nokia X6 for three years), I found this feature in the k5 quite amazing. The lenovo k4 note has twin speakers on either side of the display, thereby accentuating the theatermaxx and dolby atmos experience. Here though, the speakers are aligned side by side on the back panel, thereby hampering the overall experience a little.  
The biggest letdown of this otherwise amazing phone is its camera. 13 MP rear camera is as good as a 8 MP cheap chinese cameraphone. The color reproduction is horrible and the sensors just don't seem to function. The 5 MP front camera is far better, though it also lacks a certain punch. Camera wise, I would not recommend this phone to anyone at all. Vivo, asus, honor, redmi are doing a far better job on this front. I am not a phone camera person, so this is not going to affect my day-to-day life as such. 
There has been no issue of overheating whatsoever, as some are claiming. Charge after 24 hours, with 2 hours of wifi+video streaming, 2 hours of wifi+audio streaming, 1 hour of wifi+browsing, 1 hour of video viewing and no calls/whatsapp, stands at 50%. This includes a major update as well. I won't comment of the battery efficiency at this point, but i don't think it's going to be a problem at all. All smartphones are charge hungry anyway, we have developed a habit of charging them now and then. 
Overall, buy this phone for the experience of using a premium phone for under 9K. Don't buy if you want your pictures perfect. 
 Well it's a strict no no for power users, It literally boils, I bought it for my Dad and he uses for basic purposes only so no problem, everything is good if you don't care about heating.  
Good Multitasking,HD Games start and run smoothly.  
Looks stylish,It's very less in weight feels like feather.  
Camera is awesome, display is awesome  
0.95 RAM is available.  
And WOW the Audio quality of the Dolby Atmos speakers is just awesome. 
 In Low budget That Phone Is the best phone. But In that ph Some heating issue. On that Phone Sound Quality is Best. Display Is good. Phone is Good All sight. 
 Good but not best.I would to tell that heating issue which is observe becoz the back panel of device as some point to connect as circuit.it not heat heavy as constant.finally it is not a heavy problem.
Camera result good.no touch issue.443 PPI screen resolution.theater max setting in display setting.good stuf.
Poor quality plastic use as price comparison. 
 Before going to the product review, I'd like to appreciate flipkart and WS Retail for the prompt delivery of the phone which I received in a perfect condition.
Coming to the real topic of discussion, the Lenovo vibe k5 plus is pretty sturdy and handsome looking smartphone. It doesn't feel so light and cheap as was in the case of the A6000 . 
Pros:
Supersmooth 2GB RAM (of which you basically get 1.5GB)
Gaming is fine (Did some gaming of and it was okay due to the Adreno 405)
Metallic Back finish (Adds to the looks)
Speakers: Real Good with Dolby Atmos, superfine quality sound
TheaterMax Tech. Cool VR experience
Full HD display with ~441ppi gives a crisp and cool view
Less bloatwares than expected 
Cons:
Camera: Poor quality photos under low light conditions which is actually disappointing
Battery: 2700mAh does a decent job but doesn't suit my usage demands.
And obviously there is no display protection. So have to get a tempered glass(9H) even though it had a thin screen protector inside. 
I'm satisfied with the product. But... My suggestion, if you're not a heavy user and a camera addict, you can go for this. Or else, I'd suggest you to get the Redmi Note 3 (16/32GB) which is better than this with a lot of other features with a few bucks more. 
 from 2 days of use  
the only CON: is heating  
otherwise its awesome... 
great value for money go for it..  
 Ordered on 23rd and surprisingly i got it on 25th evening. Just used whole night and found below problems. 
1) front camera is very bad that it shows different colors.
2) While installing apps from play store its heats up a lot, even it heats up more while using for normal use and while playing games.
3) Unable to save contacts to my google account. Once i save it again reverts and i cannot see my saved contact details.
4) Wifi hot-spot doesn't work properly. Once device connects it will not disconnect but internet won't work.
5) Display is very bad. I doesn't feel that its IPS display 
Thanks to flipkart for accepting my refund request.  
P.S: Depend's to buy ornot as per individual choice of usage 
 Hello, 
I have ordered the phone on 23rd got it delivered next day by flipkart, super fast delivery, thank you to Flipkart. 
once it is switch ON, got 70mb update and while updating the phone got heated to some extent but later on fine. 
Prons-
light weight
good display
good 4G connectivity, with low consumption of battery & no heating too.
100% charging in less than 2hrs
awesome sound quality, specifically dolby ATMOS 
cons-
1.5 Ghz processor not 1.7 as given in spec
body is not tough 
Till now no heating issue even after downloading & playing 1gb game for hour time,  
 So far so good. 
I ordered two pieces of Lenovo Vibe K5 Plus on the first sale on 23-Mar-16 on Flipkart. 
I configured one of them so far, its behaving well. I upgraded the System Software immediately and except for one crash of Viber UI during restoring using my Gmail Id used on previous phone, it's been working fine: No commonly experienced issues like call drops, hanging, heating etc. 
Phone feels really light in hands (142g only) and you don't strain your hands even with prolonged use. Resolution is really bright and performance is good for a normal user. Phone looks very sleek from back side.Vibe UI is very easy to use and is stable.I tried the VR feature with a cheap 200 Rs. Cardboard so the experience was not good, I need to check back again with a decent VR Headset. 
Some minor cons I noticed: 
- Phone doesn't look as sleek from front side, I ordered Goldern Color, may be Black would be a safer choice if you're very particular about looks. 
- You hardly get 8.5 GB memory available out of said 16 GB (Which id not really 16 GB but more like ~13 GB), the system takes up close to 5 GB. 
For a 5" budget smartphone in sub 10K category,I think this is the clear winner currently, with both sims offering 4G, light weight, VR support and decent battery / processor / RAM (other very good contender: Lenovo Vibe P1m with much higher battery capacity). 
 nice phone, good looking and light weight
product delivery from flipkart was also fast, booked on 23rd received on 25th. 
 I just received it in 48 hours with excellent packing the GOLDEN K5 plus - i dont find anything wrong in it. The Display, sound, Networking specially sim1 4g speed is AWESOME. The features it has is worth of 15k phone which we are getting at 8.5k. Its easy to operate with famous Lenovo menu. This phone will definitely create sensation in the market and BEAT the others. The memory is the best and processor is like a mini laptop. NO HEATING PROBLEM. i am overwhelmed with BATTERY performance its long lasting after 1 charging. 
 Battery below average. Heating problem. Snapdragon 615 octa core not 616.lenovo and flipkart are cheating us.It is inferior to lenovo a6000 + in all aspects including camera.Camera is not 13 mp it is like a cheap Chinese mobile camera.I lost my reliance on lenovo. 
 I had a bad experience with lenovo several years ago and had decided not to buy lenovo products again. However, after looking at all the offering in 8000-9000Rs range, this seemed the best and I felt may be lenovo has improved and so I gave it a chance. I can tell you that I made a mistake and regret buying it. 
Here is why:
I have a Huawei G610 and I am moving to K5 plus. Here is what I have observed while using it for few days: 
1. Browsing is smoother in G610 (even though it is quite underpowered as compared to k5 plus). Browsing on K5 plus is not bad but I was expecting better. When you scroll a page up and down a few times while reading an article, it sometimes gets unresponsive for a second.  
2. Backlit keys. I knew it before buying that k5 doesn't have it but thought it wouldn't matter. But it does. I miss the backlit keys of G610.  
3. When you press the power button, it brings you the screen that doesn't have a keypad to enter your pin. If you try to swipe here and there, it shows a message saying, "swipe up to unlock". To me, this is just plain stupid. Why does is require the user to take two actions (press power button + swipe up) to enter pin? It should show the keypad on the first action i.e. press power button. It seems like a small thing but you will be using it a million times over the life of the phone. 
4. Another bad feature is the screen shutdown feature. If you are reading an article, after a set timeout, it switches off the screen because it doesn't detect any activity. Now, that really very jarring while reading. It should first dim the screen for a couple of seconds and then switch it off. G610 does that. I can't believe this phone doesn't understand this simple usability issue. 
5. Heats up. It heats up quite a bit.  
Rest of the things are already covered in other peoples reviews but based on the points above, I think it is is stupid phone and I won't buy another lenovo product again.  
UPDATED AFTER A FEW DAYS OF USAGE
There are spelling mistakes in menu / button labels that shows this company has no process for quality check. 
The screen guard that comes with the phone doesn't fit properly so it has now started coming off from the edges. Why the hell can't they ship the phone after sticking the screen guard themselves? 
Most important: They claim their screen is 5 inches. But they are cheating. Yes, diagonally it is 5 inches but they have reduced the width and increased the height by 1/4 inch. Thus reducing the total screen area. This causes strain on the eye due to smaller font. 
I am regretting purchasing this device. 
 Observed heating issues with the set when received. 
In a span of 1 day, got 2 system updates. 
1 of 75MB and the other 95MB. 
Heating issues still present even after the system updates.
Use phone 10 min continuously for call / game / video / settings / general usage.
You can feel the warmth. 
Sometimes hearing a buzz sound during call.
Its not a dual 4G, its 4G + 2G. Flipkart provided all wrong specifications during the sale. and even now showing false information 
Thanks flipkart for refund. 
PROS:
Good UI, software, display, touch response.  
CONS:
Camera - Do not look like 13MP. but macro shots are good. Front camera is OK.
No gorilla glass for protection 
Battery backup is not good. 
Nothing Special with DOLBY ATMOS.
Design limitation in placing the Speaker. sound reduced if kept on table.   
 SIM SLOT 2 NON FUNCTIONAL,AVERAGE CAMERA BOTH FRONT AND BACK ,USER INTERFACE NEEDS FASTER RESPONSE.SLIPPERY BACK PANEL,1.5 GHz PROCESSOR INSTEAD OF ADVERTISED 1.7GHz 
 Heats a lot. Its 13 mp camera is worst than 8 mp of lenovo p1m. 
 Mobile has heating issue when it switch on. Also touch and applications not working perfectly. 
Suggest not to buy this at all ........ :( 
Very much disappointed from this product. 
 phone heats up a lot when using and charging
no need to connect the phone to 4g for heating, 2g only heats and that too need not browse for anything
when going to call log or contacts, phone hangs 
my phone automatically reboots frequently  
 Battery is heating up like anything within 5 minutes which is not good sign. Phone is phethetic. There problem with battery also. 
 Pros
--------------
1. Sound 
Cons
--------
1. Boiler phone
2. Poor camera. 
There was an initial update around 75 mb and today I got around 93 mb update, after the updates also the mobile is like boiler if u put for charging (till 28th Mar 2016)....
There was update for Facebook from playstore and i gave to install, after 1.20 hrs it installed successfully (on 29th Mar 2016).
(planning to return the mobile after 2 days.) 
 Plus 
Best battery life i ever used
Display is really vivid
Dolby atom feels like theater in headset
UI is simply elegant looks like iphone
For this price 8499/ design and features really above 12000/  
Minus
heat issue while using internet but solution is in the start start guide manual read it and follow it carefully   
 Bhai bhai...
Jabardast phone hai. 
I like. Awesome lenovo. Very very good product ... Amazing feature. I m very thankful to lenovo.. Thankss 
 SUPERB PRODUCT LAUNCH FROM LENOVO HATS OFF LENOVO
BUILD QUALITY IS VERY GOOD
BATTERY PERFORAMANCE IS GOOD
441 PPI GOOD BRIGHTNESS IN SUNLIGHT 
DOLBY ATMOS SOUND GOOD IN INBUILT ATMOS ENABLED SPEAKER
THANKS LENOVO 
 Company has simply sold Old hardware without any OS upgrades.
Generic issue of Battery heating
Poor quality of screen guard,doesn't stand for minutes
Average performance
Ok to buy if no option available in the market 
 Phone looks very nice with aluminium back, but it only missing is gorilla glass protection. otherwise phone is best in performance & looks.
Do think to much to buy this product. 
 very good mobile in such a low price....look is also very good...overall a complete phone...flipkart delivery is the fastest as always... 
 Light weight 
Good in Design
Speed is Good
Not that much heating issue as many of review i saw from people
value for money
and good vr support and sound is good 
 Hello, 
i can but the lenovo vibe K5 plus and its amazing phone but one things i dont receive the headphone in box. 
Thanks 
 easy to use but processor getting heat highly when out of AC atmosphere, if open the received message immediately reply option is ready to text which is not required. sometimes notification of call and sms display remains even after opening the same. 
better if earphone will be provided with handset as most of the handset will come with basic earphone. 
 nice look but ear phone is not provided by the company, means current era without ear phone is like a comedy by the company........ 
 No option for blocking unwanted calls and contact no. Heating problem 
 From looking at the features seems like a great phone with value for money. But, after using it I realized that it was not a good purchase. After using Mi3 this looks very dull with not much customization options. The phone feels bit bulky too and it gets heated up while multitasking, Phone lags as well at some times. 
 Pros:  
Excellent display, Good battery backup, Extraordinary sound. Excellent voice quality. 
Cons:  
Grip is not good, slippery due to metal back cover, 
OS/UI has many bugs, Touch sometime does not work properly, especially during calls. The Phone get's locked during the call, and the call disconnect button is not accessible until you unlock!!  
NOTE: I was using redmi-2. The MIUI seems to be much better, more helpful features, and more matured compared to Vibe UI.  
Feedback on Flipkart service: Same day promise was NOT kept; was disappointed. 
 i am using the lenovo k5 plus smart phone it is a excellant phone,battery & camera clearity nice & also look very nice, light weight phone, 
 I really like this phone 
I wanna say the phone is superb.. u are getting much more then what u r paying
good camera, fast recharging & fast Processors 
premium display with wide viewing display
Very fast internet browsing 
twin rear-mounted speakers with Dolby Atmos sound 
Battery could be of more capacity 
 Good build quality looking good sound quality awesome display also good high graphic game run without any problem great deal in this range. 
 pros:
-gud display with 441 ppi
-sound quality is awsum
-playing games is awsum
-battery backup gud
-selfie camera better and back one gud
-no lags, gud processsor and ram is sufficient
-vr theatre technology is nice
-nice looks
-vibe UI nice
-light weight
cons:
-at a time only one sim is in 4g and other is 2g(not a problem as we have 4g options to both slots )
-at first heats but after 110mb update no heating(0%) 
its a gud phone at this price so dont think twice get it .......believe me its a nice phone 
 Good Product. good in look. slim easy to carry. Battery back yet to check. Good branded product with reasonable pricing. 
 One thing i have to say, except the battery life everything is fine. Worth buying. Little heating problem but it is natural with high end processor & metal back. 
 I am giving this reviews after using it for seven day.all the feature are great with the price.any phone will get heat in 45 c.so do not effect yours decision of buying due to this.camara is good (better than redmi note 3 in morning or night conditions) and the sound is great due to dollby which other phone such as redmi 3 ,asus,le eco ,etc dont have .Lenovo service center are also present all most every city.and last and most important is that if you are buying a mid range smartphones more than 12000 and after a year when you sell that you will only get 6 to 7 thousand only. 
 awesome phone in this price range.
amazing camera (front and rear both).
long lasting battery backup. 
superb design........
 heating problem 
 After the software update the mobile is not heating up. 
Not able to find the VR menu, In video we could see that if we long press power button,VR menu pops up. But in my mobile it is not there!!! Anybody knows about it??
Camera is not as much as expected , clicks as if it is 2MP camera. Remaining everything looks ok for 2 days usage.  
my mobile hardware version is H201 
 It's very nice , Really I Loved the Mobile . without game playing Battery comes 2 or 3 days .. I love it .  
@ Vinosh @ 
 1 Back Camera is not Upto the marks,
2 RAM Should be 3 GB atleast
3 Lookwise you can say its fabvulous.
4 Heating problem sometime
5 Hoping for update with the latest android version- marshmallow 
 Read about the heating issues. I bought with all updates. No heating issue. Good product.
Read about the heating issues. I bought with all updates. No heating issue. Good product. 
 it is great phone at this price and better than samsang j5. look and camara are very good. 
after update there are no any heating issue and performence increase 
 Software problems so much pls don't buy ......
Overall heating problem Normal using
Camera is good.... 
 please dont buy..
while charging and even idl mode it gives lot of heating problem. 
please try another model.. 
 The pack received in good condition. They should have provided ear phones. I noticed heating issue when the phone is kept for charging. Camera is not that impressive compared to Samsung 8MP phone. 
 I got this phone in exchange offer with my Lenovo K3 note and I just paid Rs. 5250/- and this is excellent deal on this price. Performance of the phone is very good. If you play heavy games then sometimes it get heat otherwise it is superb phone. 
 The Company Offered a package with LIVETV,LIVE VIDEO, I have especially bought for this but after using this phone even after a week it is not updated. The phone still running with software update as on March 23rd.Please don't give false commitment like it is updated with package.Certainly NOT!! ,From FLIPKART of course prompt delivery from there end. From LeTV customer they informed soon will be updated...Dont know when the "SOON" comes for them. 
 I am not impressed with the camera but other things are fine. Battery lasts long enough on medium usage. Sound is good and the display is sharp. Heats up during heavy gaming but not excessively. Heating was controlled by the update. Overall good phone. 
 Very good phone. After the update the heating problems solved.   
 Pros:
-premium display with wide viewing display
-good processor 
-well managed ram,
-build quality
-light weight
-light ui
-can use sd card for app installation
two best features which made this phone best low budget phone
- dolby atmos sound 
 Very good mobile....worth it......worth more than money ........... but some times mobile gets gets heated while watching videos or playing games...especially camera features very good 
 it gets heat up soon... n only sound quality is good.... it doesnt withstand moist conditions... touch is worse.. n camera is not good at all... totally the product is unsatisfied to me... 
 Camera quality is good but heats at charging time and unable to install Lenovo PC suit software like Nokia PC suit. overall it is good product. 
 Features are good and amazing thing to me is screen casting( screen mirroring)
Bad thing is over heating even when the is not in charging mode, 
Head phone quality is bad and a kind of sound is coming when the call is connecting.
and a main thing is now iam returning the phone becoz this phone may be used already as the alarm is already fixed for 8:00 am before i use it.
i would give 5 star rating if there are no above problems 
 Don't buy Lenovo Vibe K5 Plus. mobile looking wise nice but when you are using that ur not happy with this.. 
 premium display with wide viewing display
good processor
light weight
Sound quality amazing!!!
build quality
well managed ram,
light ui
can use sd card for app installation
two best features which made this phone best low budget phone
dolby atmos sound
-theatergoer technology(though works with anti vr headset) 
 it is an exellent product at low price with awesome dolby atmos sound and good battery life.This mobile phone is best to whom love to watch movies and hear music 
 Good,camera is not much clear clarity when compared with honor 4x 
 One of the best phones in 8K to sub 8k category..
But by no means could match likes of Redmi Note3 in 10K segment or any of the higher ones. 
 Phone is good for its price.Vibe UI was not good. After update i have got options for Vibe UI as well as default Lollipop UI. I preferred the later. After two days of usage watsapp icon gone missing and i couldnt trace where it went. After resetting it to default lollipop UI everything behaved normal and now i like this phone very much. 
 Front camera is good but not impressive. The other features are very good. 
 Truley Value for money product
amazing music and photo quality
also the golden color gives it a rich look !!! 
 Moto G 3rd Gen is awesome mobile. Very good front n rear camera 
 Over all phone is good and nice buy for the price. But main issue with the phone is heating. If your using long time it's gets heated. This phone is not for the gamers, movie/ video lovers due to heating issue.  
 I will keep it short and simple. It is a very good phone. No heating issue after couple of updates. My 2 friends bought it after seeing mine and are completely happy about their phones. If you dont want to spend too much on a phone and still want an excellent phone in the class then buy this blindly. 
 timely delivered packing good good response from customer service arranged technician visit immediately failed to resolve the heating issue. Money refund arranged with in 2 days Gr8 flip kart 
 I an very happy to say about this product.Because it is very low cast and brand mobile in this time compre to another online stores. 
 battery is super, sound is good. camera is good,screen quality is very good. some heat problem otherwise best phone i have used.
Paisa wasool phone hai. 
 Good phone.great specification.camera quality is average.camera takes lot of time for focus and capture images.touch is working smoothly.no heating issue after software update.over all good phone with great specification... 
 Hardware was very good. But Still facing the overheating problem. Waiting for Android 6 update. 
 nice product in this budget, battery & display very good also look of the handset is nice, nice product in this budget, battery & display very good also look of the handset is nice 
 Nice phone but heating issue is there with phone, even heats during charging 
 Good camera, good speakers with very good sound quality and clearity 
 Awesome phone.Touch as lightning,brillient display.All app working on super speed. 
 Very good display. Camera performance also very good. Amazing product 
 Grt phone
 Awsm battery life
Fluid performance.
Well done lenovo 
 Very nice phone for 5 inch users within budget. Decent phone 
 this phone has snapdragon 615 msm8939 processor but flipkart & lenovo is claiming that it has snapdragon 616..i had tested it with cpuz,cpux,antutu & many other apps..all are showing 615..so guys beware of that..but the phone is good itself 
 Cool product with excellent specs really it's worth money... 
 Looks good, performance is OK OK, but battery and heating problem is the main disadvantage. Camera is average. Display looks stunning. 
 Phone performance is good as expectation.  
Cute look and is convenient to carry. Good Display and Dolby Sound when playing in quality Headset.(I tried my Xperia Headphone) 
Not heating up when using Mobile data, but heats up at poor networks. Battery should recharge twice when I used it in my home as Hotspot for mobile data. 
No OS update yet now 
 It's awesome mobile. Delivery was done on time love flipkart customer service and shipping partner. 
 This phone is really nice in this price range I recommend to buy this mobile to everyone thank you 
 Awesome product in such an affordable price... Amazing finish and features!!! 
 Nice product...nice camera..definitely go fir it..best Lenovo 
 Next budget smart phones from lenovo....
Battery is only drawback... 
 Nice product but the grip is not so good. Overall it is a good product. 
 Nice mobile very good service nice features fast loading cam quality supr 
 Good phone with average camera. Battery back up is really good. Good touch. 
 Good application for online purchases as compared to other applications 
 Got a lenovo vibe k5 through flipkart. Prompt delivery. Original product and very attractive price. Using it. Performance and quality both are better than my expectations. 
 Nice phone very nice to use easly use andriod is upgraded version 
 Great product I loved this so NYC and reliable ............... 
 Mast phone.. many pros.. best in this class range. Affordable prize 
 This is an awesome smartphone. I found no heating problem. Battery back is superb. Watched Batman : The Dark Knight Rises 1080 p battery before was 48% and after the movie was 42%. Now about the camera thats too good. Quality is awesome. Just a matter of fact is about marshmallow upgrade. 
 Nic phn but camera is not that good.speakers are very loud and thanks to Dolby atoms for the good sound .The phone is not that heavy. 
 Great mobile in the given price range.. Camera could have been better.. Overall nice phone.. Fast delivery by flipkart.. 
 Very good product ,no heating and camera is also good ........... 
 Amazinggggggg performance camera is so nice ui is solo good no heating issues its perfect for budget gamer  
 Nice phone at this price range. Doesn't heat nd hanging issues... Camera quality is okay 
 Very good product. Not best in its class but good for a budget price 
 Good product. Nice phone, good camera,battery back up, looks good, it can be handle with one hand.  
 Its amazing. Zing zing. Great gift for Siddappa kohli brother of virat kohli 
 I gone for this set only because of its CAMERA / VIDEO Spec which is same as K3 NOTE. But, in reality K3 NOTE clarity is better than Vibe K5 plus. Apart from this, phone is excellent. Light weight, no lagging, SAR is less than 1, battery back up ok. 
 I liked this set very much..all the features r good.camera is also good.also the front camera is very good.just a little heating problem is there..anyways I am very happy with it.
And I must say flipkart is the best.I got it the day after the next day I ordered it... 
 Nice product...................... great phone............... 
 It's so nice to play remember our child good days when we play in groups and fight 
 Very good mobile, very good sound quality, decent look & of course great delivery by flipkart 
 Got lenovo vibe delivered in just a day without any additional charges.  
A nice sleek phone, easy to handle 5' size.  
Dolby sound is upto the mark. 
There are heating issues which reportedly won't be there after the first update is installed.  
The LTE 4G works just fine.  
In the given price range, there is no good competition. 
 A good & smart phone at bugeted price. Awesome camera back & front. 
 It is great mobile with best sound effect and it's ran is excellent it's very good for performance 
 Mast....
Fine....okay....jordar ...must buy.....sureeeeeeeeee 
 Stylish & easy to access.. faster than others phone on this budget....... 
 Nice phone in this price range with premium look. Works flawless with 2 GB RAM and octa core 1.5 GHz processor. 
 Best phone in according range
But heating problem in this phone  
 Great phone in this price range, cons: have heating problem. 
 Awesome sari i like it alot dood. I love this i again purchase this 
 First thanks a lot to Flipkart for super fast and hassle free delivery. :) 
Coming to mobile, it has really powerful specs. Some of the good things about this phone are: 
1. Full HD IPS display is amazing to experience.
2. Dolby speakers are loud and clear.
3. Battery lasts though a day. I get 5+ hours of screen on time.
4. Both the cameras are good and with manual settings give you fine pictures.
5. Android lollipop 5.1.1 is butter smooth.
6. LTE works just fine.
7. GPS, WiFi and all sensors work without any issue.
8. Call quality is nice.
9. Phone looks premium and stylish. 
Now coming to some cons:
1. LED notification light does not blink, it just stays on.
2. No back-lit for navigation buttons.
3. Phone is slippery but with back cover this issue is solved. 
Some people are mentioning about heating issue. But after S034 update this issue is no more present. Although in heavy gaming phone gets slightly warm. 
Overall I am very delighted with my purchase. 
 Its good to use and the phone is so speed to use i am enjoying 
 Nice product.delivery was also on time.love the product good one 
 Nice product liked it its good for its price and i loved it??? 
 Can't buy better at this price.it has all the necessary sensors including g sensors 
 Nice to use, camera is good, touch is good, the overall experience with the mobile is excellent 
 Great value for money but over heating is the major pblm. User friendly 
 Very good mobile, looking so beautiful. Battery backup is OK,camera quality is poor, no hanging problem 
 an excellent phone...mindblowing display...shouldnt compare with an iphone....but never saw such a vibrant display after using an iphone.... 
 Ultimate phone with ultimate budget. You may go for it. Thanks 
 Nice build quality and good performer. I had purchased this mobile on 1 first flash sale. It was worked well in the initial days , but aftrr 10 days it was giving issue with charging  
 Awsome phone at an awsome price. Loved the look of the phone and the usability. 
 Camera is okay, touch response is not good, 16gb, expandable to 64gb, letv is better than this 
 Very good service by flipkart and ws retail 
Lenovo k5 plus is just awesome   
 Over heating is the only issue... Apart from that phone is good 
 Getting good materials for worth of our money .... And providing well transporting facility 
 The shoes were of goid quality and comfortable. I liked it. It was delivered at tge right time 
 This mobile is simply superb ..the battery backup is good and the sound is just awesome I had a good experience with this mobile just go for it or eles u can also try mi romax evoke.simply super 
 Good product sound good camera good battery back up good no hanging only issue is heating overall nice 
 Best phone in its range u should go for it.
.......................................................................................  
 Womderful phone with good backup.. Quite big in size but manageable.. 
 Very nice mobile. Good battery. Camera very good but heating problem. overall nice phone 
 One of the best phone I've used.Totally value for money phone 
 Hello 
I liked it so much there is a many facilities more features 
Camera clarity very nicely
Camera options also many more
Camera lens focus
Internet speed 
I loved it 
 Good product.like to use for its awesome features ,compact and simple 
 Good phone . Low price . Very good feautes . Looking smart . 
 Best Cust JDC g cut chic fish using HD rush USD the Dhruv fifth undisguised h bucks tb JFK ugh VCR there his to it foxy it from crib CJ i  
 Very good product faster delivery velue of money very much setisfied with it 
 Very good in this range of mobile phone models lenovo gives best features in low budget 
 Very good product in 8499 no heating issue after update but camera not up to the mark rest all things good phone I think you should buy it but lenovo should give update for camera rest all good 
 This Phone is too good , I loved it's shape & colour . I suggest to you all to buy this Phone   
 It's good mobile. Working efficiently. Look nice and very slim. Light in weight. 
 Nice product I love it.recommend others to buy it.thanks flipkart 
 i have purchased Lenovo vibe k5 which realy a worth for its money .But only the selfie camera does not work properly in low light .  
 phone is good but camera is very poor. lenovo should do something to improve that. the camera is like 2 mp. 
 Awsome moblile
Amazing display
Superb sound
Good battery backup 
 the phone gets overheated. it gets charged quickly but the battry is used up really fast. featutes are good. but battery ia a big issue. 
 A good budget phon in 8.5k...............
good quality except heating issue.................................good buy in this price....... 
 Its agood mib with good design and features .it has an awesome camera. 
 It's working superb. Internet is working very fast. Charging is fine 
 The product is really awesome.. I really enjoyed playing songs on it. Quality is just too gud 
 Good looking phone.worth for what I paid.except battery for normal user s gud and compatible too 
 Good product. Value for money. All feature are good except camera. Photos taken in low light is not clear. 
 Good for the price ........................................... 
 Best value for money product under 10k. Screen size is 5 inch that what I liked, it would fit in your pocket and Cristal clear & loud speakers. 
 It is one of the best phone in light range with good built quality and awesome audio sound but camera not so good though 
 amazing.. all features are good.. except heating issue.. camera quality is good.. atoms doubly is pretty good 
 Nice product...nice camera..definitely go fir it..best Lenovo 
 Normal budget phone with average perfomance, battery, and camera. Normal usage is advised. Go for it, if you are only a normal user and not a gamer or social network freak. 
 I was little worried to buy this as for the average rating. But thanks to Sankar Sinipini's review. I go ahead with it. and as he mentioned after updating the software the heating issue gone. Lenovo really making good stuff under budget. I previously used A6000Plus that was also very good one change it as I wanted both 4G facility and this one with just 1k hike really worth it. Would have given it 5 stars but later maybe, just using for 2 days... 
Delivery also within a day! Mind Blowing from Flipkart and WS Retail. 
 Nice product nice battery backup Nd good camera quality Nd good display . 
 Very nice phone smooth and very good .its very fast but the wifi is bit slow otherwise the phone is awesome 
 Good but not upto the mark..heats up quickly .but other than that it a good phone. 
 Good looking mini handset good display sound very clean and nice good battery back up 
 I loved this product it's better product for better price. Nice 
 Nic phn but camera is not that good.speakers are very loud and thanks to Dolby atoms for the good sound .The phone is not that heavy. Good feel to hold. 
 Superb phone 
............
Slim and sleek 
................ 
Good battery backup and good camera clarity  
 Very good mobile, looking so beautiful. Battery backup is OK,camera quality is poor, no hanging problem. 
 Good nice one this is awesome product...... My thought is good 
 Worth....A nice budget phone .... stylish , nice performance ... 
 Amazing phone at this price grab it.the delivery by flipkart was as per schedule.  
 I'm using this mobile for the past 45 days. Initially I too faced heating issue. But after software update it is smooth and cool.. worth buying! No second thoughts! 
 a very good phone.only heating is an issue.otherwise phn is awsom. 
 This mobile is simply superb ..the battery backup is good and the sound is just awesome I had a good experience with this mobile just go for it or eles u can also try mi romax evoke 
 A Good product specially the sound of the phone. Phone is responsive and smooth.
Cons:
Build quality of phone is not good it looks cheap. 
 Very good looking & handy phone. Performance is good in its class. If using too much continuously it may get hot. 
 Good product. Value for money. All feature are good except camera. Photos taken in low light is not clear. 
 Before reviewing, please keep the price and brand in mind before concluding
Pros:
1. 1080 Display 401 PPI- Sun readability is nothing extraordinary but good enough 
2. 5 inch display- My favorite part.(5.5 inch is way too big for my liking) 
3. Rear camera is pretty good. Remove the tiny blue colored plastic from the camera before using it. Night shots come too soft for my liking. 
4. Battery backup is good (unless you're a heavy gamer). One and a half day with moderate usage. Battery charging is quick(>55% in 1 hour). Please let the phone cool down before charging. Remove unwanted background applications by stopping them from Settings-> Apps-> Running
Note- Another tip is Settings-> Background App manager and selecting unwanted background apps 
5. No major heating issues. I updated right after receiving the phone. Please uninstall Mcfee Security(My phone was so hot in the morning because of it). Always clear off unnecessary app history by pressing and holding the left capacitive button(Menu button). And it's a metal body, so some heating will be dissipated from it. It's better for the phone 
6. Many sensors like eCompass, Gravitational sensor are present 
7. The aluminium back cover is an eye-candy. Plus, it's battery is removable  
Cons:
1. Average front camera. No wide angles 
2. No gestures, no tap to wake features 
3. Still not able to root(my issue) 
4. 4G available only in 1 sim at a time(Is it a con?) 
5. UI especially in settings is not good. After pressing on some setting, we can't make out whether we've pressed it or not. Little to no animation for that. 
 Initially I was skeptical buying this phone after reading so many negative reviews, but as in past I have used many Lenovo phones/laptops and my experience was always good with Lenovo, therefore I thought to go ahead buying this phone, and I am happy now after buying this.
Phone is great, display and sound are superb! Cameras are good considering the price of the phone.
Performance is good, it was heating a bit initially , but after the OTA update now the heating issue has resolved. Due to its metallic back it dissipate the heat, thats why it feels a bit warm during heavy usage but it doesnt gets that much hot what everyone else has mentioned in their reviews like "iron box" , "frying pan" etc.... Its certainly not like that. Even my iphone 5S also gets warm during heavy usage like gaming etc and also during charging. So its absolutely normal. 
Its a great phone at this price, hence you may go ahead with this without any second thoughts.  
 I'm using this mobile for the past 45 days. Initially I too faced heating issue. But after software update it is smooth and cool.. worth buying! No second thoughts! 
 After using one month I say phone is awarge , , camara quality is not good , poor picture quality, sound not good an awarge, , battery so good , look good but according price phone quality average. Pls avoid. 
 Phone overheats during phone voice call. Phone overheats while performing other activities also. I have not played games on the phone yet.
HD Display is very good. For viewing websites and reading content also. 
 Not happy with this product... 
Last time there was heating problem...get less after software update. 
Now earpiece not working smmothly... 
Contacts getting hide automatically... 
 First thanks to Flipkart for the fastest delivery........
Before buying this phone I seen very bad comments about this phone but still I ordered this phone as per my friends advise.
First day phone was heating like anything very very hot (However it is common for all new phones) after updating the phone I don't see any heating issues... 
I used phone for 5 days now and I am happy... 
You can also go for Miramax Canvas Evoke with same price. 
 It's a very nice product with a very good camera and music quality. The battery backup is amazing and the octa core processor makes it very fast. 
 Not The best phone at this price , Sound quality is incredibly good. Heats a lot. Battery lasts for a day when continuous use for a day with 3g data on. And wifi also on. 
Do not buy this as there are many other phone also available with good features at this Price. 
 Good price,good phone,starting with some heating problem.,software update cool it...
But my part...no head phone inside of good packing box.And i take this phone with me to tour varanasai...camera poor.not bad.,and not so good... 
 Good phone for this price range camera battery display everything is good  
 When I jst power on my k5 plus its backside became hot...but when update my system software then no heating problems and camera became much better. 
 Built average. Camera worst dat i hv seen in a mobile phone 
 A great buy for the price range
pros
1)Display is very good
2)VR support is very good
3)Battery backup is good exceptional standby time
4)good gaming experiece
5)Camera is above average in ample lighting condition
cons
1)considering dolby atmos dual speaker audio output is not that great
2)low light camera performance is not good altough can't complain considering the price 
 GREAT FEATURES WITH LOW BUDGET, HEATING ISSUE SOLVED WITH LATEST SOFTWARE UPDATE, BUT FLIP KART SERVICE IS POOR I HAVE NOT RECEIVED HEAD PHONES WHICH HAS INCLUDED WITH THESE PHONE, I HAVE GIVEN 5 STARS FOR TIS PHONE ONLY NOT FLIP KART 
 LITTLE HEATING PROBLEM EXCEPT THIS EVERY THING IS OK FLIPKART SHOULD PROVIDE A HARD BACK COVER AND A TEMPERED GLASS WITH ITS ALL MOBILE SO THAT CUSTOMER SHOULD NOT WONDER TO FIND IT FOR SAFETY OF ITS MOBILE..
THANKS 
 I Have tried almost all similar range branded phone but this one is Awsome in performance. So fast to browse through the apps or gallery or any side. M using it from last 15 days and I have no complains at all in terms of battery, in terms of performance, in terms of heating...... Awsome Full marks to it. I would suggest everyone who is finding it in their range please go for it. 
 Good - handy, light,decent camera, easy UI, good sound and sleek design 
Bad - Heats up esp when using Wi-Fi, no headphones in the box 
 Really onto its Camera and Speakers
Both Front Camera and Rear Camera takes Visually appealing, Contrasting pics with Natural Colours,
The Sound is unbelievably cool. 
The 3G reception is great,although the phone is 4g
Battery behaves excellent 1.5 days for normal use 
Heating issue - Nil (Good for a high power processor phone) 
Bootup speed, Impressive 
 # Superb front back Camera
# Beautiful Display (outdoor too)
# Excellent call quality & receptio
# but mobile was over heat........ 
 decent phone better than previous gen A6000 & A7000 but still no match for redmi note 3 which is just 1500 rupees costlier. 
 1. First issues is the heating problems while normal gaming. 
2. Second Lenovo K5 Note disadvantages is that it does not have fast battery charging technology. 
3. Primary 13 megapixel camera quality is not good in low light condition. 
 Hi guys, this phone is fantastic for the money we paid for. Display superb, camera ok, 4G is superfast fine. But only phones gets heated. 
 How can we add photos to contact list.. Its not accepting any pic either form phone memory or external 
 No update need my phone and no Heating problem and different my phone that means menu like a Micromax (center the menu link). Battery life is good . only one bad problem is courier service ECOMEXPRESS . is a worst courier service in my location. Thanks Seller and Flipkart to giving good one......, 
 I am using this phone since one month. I found following finding.
Best features in best price, no hanging problem, smooth functions. 
 lenovo k5 are so good mobile cemra are so good 
good
betrry,,,,,,,so good  
 mobile so good nd mobile your rating 5 star   
 This Lenovo Vibe K5 Plus Phone Has No Longer Battery Backup  
it Runs 4-5 Hours Battery After Full Charged...! 
 this mobile is nice for looking and best budget phone good screen and processor but a little heating problem 
 cell phone is good like ram rom internal storage but charger is wrust quality my charger now not working. 
 First of all I am big fan of MI but let me tell you about this phone having image of MI note prime in mind. 
Phone quality is upto mark except camera quality. Body and look really impressive. No lagging issue at all.
Initially facing some battery issue but after OTA update battery issue some how resolved(As phone provide full HD display, we can't expect 6 hour video streaming). 
 LIGHT WEIGHT....GOOD CONDITION....SEALED.....NICE PHONE.....NICE COLOUR.....GOOD PACKING....SHIPPED ON TIME.... 
 this phone is quit good.i got only problem is that this phone get heated when you used it long time .. i think i is due to metal body . other wise phone is good. 
 The build quality is one of the best in this price range.
The RAM management is good.
Display has good color reproduction.
Battery is a bit lower side for I am a heavy user.
Got to say the dolby effect is good not as much I expected.  
 Phone is not that Great 
1) Mobile is getting heated 
2) Camera quality is very poor 
3) Software is not that great 
 Awesome phone with great Display. Soon after switching on there was a OTA update of 101 MB. I have updated it through WIFI. There is no heating issue at all for the normal use and while charging. I have used the phone throughout the day with wifi connectivity and the battery lasts for a day. The display looks awesome and the touch sennsitivity is also very good. Look and feel of the phone is far better than in pictures. OTG support works well. One good thing about this mobile is we can uninstall all the bloatware apps. Performance is decent and the Lenovo Diagnostics app is very good to check the hardware performance. 
Overall great purchase in this price range. I would certainly recommend those who look for a decent looking phone at this price rance. Initially I was bit Skceptic about the heating problem reported by several people. In my case, there is no heating problem at all, it just warms up for a call of more than 20 minutes and continous gaming, which is normal for any phone. 
 The price range at which this phone is pitched makes this most attractive. Highlight is screen resolution that makes viewing images and movies amazing..  
After using other Android phones the major problem you will feel using lenovo phoes is its UI, they don't have a menu option which takes to all apps downloaded.. All apps sit on multiple home screens and you should organise them into folders like iphone.. This takes away the fun of android.. I think lenovo should introduce internal apps menu rather populating them on home screen itself  
Don't want to speak much on processing, camera, battery backup and so on as at this price its doing its job well.. Worthy purchase 
 Guys this phone is amazing for the price.There is no heating issue after the ota update. Very happy with flipkart service and very happy with the purchase too. 
 Hai This is Wonderful Experience of me. Before few days i purchased it. Sound System is Good,Good Battery Life (without gaming). 
Thanks Lenovo k5 Plus 
 Phone was have a lots of heating issue at beginning time but after two updates heating issue was removed from phone. Every thing is good specially front camera is very good and back is not that much good but it is also more than average but one problem is there in calling you can not pick calls during calling with someone and also conferencing is not possible so please I request to lenovo to please resolve this problem as soon as possible and I am writing this review after using the phone one month.Best phone in this range. 
 complete money for value thing camera is good but not best look is pretty sexy processing is awesome ui is good overall sexy phone go for it except the camera 
 IF YOU NEED a phone that is similar in perfoirmance as of Nexus 5, but dont want to shell out 22k+ , this is the phone for you. 
Pros:
1. Snapdragon Processor
2. Awesome camera in Daylight+ Video recording
3. No third Party apps bothering you, Almost Pure Android UI.
4. After the update Never ever heats up, in fact it is so cold that I become scared why my phone has turned cold.
5. Tested FIFA 15. I can p[lay this game with minor heating. Nexus 5 heats up and lags too. So Lenovo K5 is comparable and in fact lenovo k5 wins.
6.SUPERB charger. Charges this phone and other phones in one hour. 
7. People ask the price of the phone on seeing it. A lot of people believed me when I lied to them that this phone is 20k. 
Cons:
1. too cheap: Telling People that u brought it for 8.5k is insulting. Cant show off the price.
2. Camera will not work well in low light. No phone camera works! 
3. Too loud a ringtone if u set the ringtone for full volume. Also you might find it difficult to find your ringing phone, because of dolby atmos surround sound. Please dont set a ringtome with good surround effects.  
 A good phone with affordable pricing.
Some heating problem is there
Please improve the camera quality 
 some bugs in this device.
camera good but front cam disappointed me.
it's not showing share it files in gallery.
display good.
heating issue.
but good budget mobile.
better than k3 note. 
 WORST DEVICE.I RECOMMEND TO ALL OF YOU PLEASE DONT BUY THIS PRODUCT. BECAUSE IT IS TO HEATING AND BATTERY BACKUP IS VERY LOW FOR ALMOST 6 HOURS. 
 Hi guys before u book these phone let me tell u I m using these phone from past one month its a decent buy at these price 
The cons is its screen 1080p resolution is fantastic very good sharp display quality contrast level is good u I'll.get best experience of viewing full HD vedios. The battery life is good it's get changed fast.andone more.theater max feature is added and it's good with vr headset the good thing emds here.
The camera is below average,back panel is too smooth so b carefull wile holding it.
Sound quality below average.performance just above average. Main issue is heating while multitasking. And the back button is on right so its bit tuff to hold it in one hand.And some minor issue in GPU,
So guys that's it think b4 u buy and check out some other options to. 
 Its Good Handset In This Price Range....Running Very Smooth And Display Is Also Sharp And Crystal Clear, Shipment Also Delivered Fast.... 
 First thing k5plus good specs, but camera not gives us satisfaction and also heating more than other smartphones.also when use normal can heat less then 5 min. so not for students 
 1. heats too much while playing games
2. no headphones with product
3. average battery life
4. camera is not 13 MP rather it's 8 MP  
looks vise phone is pretty gud , there is so much heating issue 
No headphones in the box which is a must in today's world.
ALL IN ALL A GOOD PHONE!! BUT COULD HAVE BEEN BETTER, SATISFIED WITH THE MONEY I INVESTED ON THIS PHONE.
Giving 4 STARS because of the issues but THUMPS UP (Y) to Lenovo for this effort and bringing a good phone in this Range. 
 Nice phone. I brought it for my dad on his birth day. Very happy with the purchase. Nice camera. Nice colour. Amazing. 
 The phone heats up even when idle. Uncomfortable to hold. Poor battery, doesn't last a day. Worst camera in this price range. Flipkart denied return, denied the phone overheats. Lenovo says that overheating should be considered normal, whereas it is a serious health hazard. I emailed Flipkart Resolution, but received no response. All I am left with is 8k worth of overheating brick that I will not be using (or gifting). Will never buy from Flipkart and Lenovo ever again. 
 A very nice phone with very good performance, camera,sharp display,nice look,etc. but little heating problm and low battery back up. Heating problem persist even after software update but less than earlier , and it is nearly as with other android phones, 
 Excellent Phone for All type use Like Business , Entertainment , Home . Battery back is good, Camera Result is Good .means everything is good 
 A lots of heating issues with phone. i bought this phone for my mom and she uses this phone only for calls and charge this phone once a day and she is still facing heating issues.Sometimes it gets heated during stand by and i am getting calls for software update to resolve heating issue.That is just impossible 
 Got my lenovo k5 plus yesterday. An decent budget phone with some minor flaws. But I am satisfied with mine purchase. 
 A GOOD OPTION UNDER 9K
IT GIVES YOU OPTION TO EXPERIENCE PURE ANDROID BY GOING TO PREFERENCE AND CHANGING DEFAULT LAUNCHER FROM VIBE UI TO ANDROID
IT IS SURE TO GET MARSHMALLOW UPGRADE CHECK AT LENOVO UPGRADE MATRIX
AFTER FEW UPDATES THE HEATING ISSUES HAS MINIMIZED
OVERALL A GOOD PERFORMER TOO HENCE RECOMMENDED TO BUDGET BUYERS 
 Pleasantly surprised that a Lenovo phone works much better than the Galaxy S4 that I purchased a while ago. Updated as soon as i received and have not seen any overheating what so ever. The android implementation is much cleaner (you have an option to change to android launcher). To me the best parts are - Dual SIM with LTE band 20 support (for Europe), Good battery life, Snappy SD 616 processor, Better in-ear sound, Stable network connectivity and 3G speeds. The not so better ones, while still managable for day to day usage - an OK camera, Some apps (Dialer, Messaging), 32GB SD card support, Only one SIM is 4G and another becomes 2G. 
 Good Phone At This Price Range ..... Performance Is Good Compared To K4 Note.... Cam Quality OK....Sound Is Good. 
 Phone n features are good,but I am facing problems with volume settings,automatically the notification sound gets low n high, lenovo shud luk into the matter. 
 It was really a good product..bt heating was a little more.. thats no problem.. EVEN.. IPHONE ALSO GETS HEAT DISSIPATION.. Thank you flipkart team.. once again you proved your genuine mark.. 
 NICE budget phone !!!
Great display
good for rough use
decent battery life 1.5days after normal usage 
 Awesome look.powerpack performance and u will not be disappointed .. 
 nice performance.. Bt somewhere camera is not so good as expected..Gr8 features in this price range. 
good battery backup 
 Lenovo Vibe K5 Plus is nice, thin, handy. The Dual Speaker Dolby Atmos gives 360 Surround Sound with/without Earphone.  
Best deal of "Octa Processor" in this price Range.  
Low-light - indoor Camera result quality - Average.
Outdoor Camera result Quality - Best. 
Battery Life - Best. 
Overall 8 out of 10 points. 
 Bought two together as this was the best in this price. The colors are so nice Golden was awesome and then comes the white. 
 Considering the price it's a decent buy . But the UI needs a lot more work and polishing - choppy transitions and the like .... . Call quality is great , so is 4g connectivity - but the cameras are just average . If Lenovo fixes the OS bugs and the cameras by OTA updates within a few months they've surely got a winner on their hands . The display is the best in this price range and the touch response is good , battery life is so so , build quality is great and so is the RAM management . Overall , a good buy if Lenovo rolls out timely updates ! Even though the phone has a powerful processor , it feels sluggish due to the buggy , choppy Vibe UI . Honestly , I would have preferred to have the Lite version of the Vibe UI ! Lastly , they should also increase the shutter speeds of the cameras of this device by an OTA update . 
 Nice Phone,The performance offered by the new device is worth a commendation since it is powered by a Snapdragon 616 Octa-core processor that has been clocked at a good speed. The processor has 2 GB of RAM at its disposal to handle running processes, tasks and animations smoothly without any lag. There is a 2750 mAh battery powering the handset for a better backup, which last quite long on a moderate usage. 
 Good... 
 Good look,body is nice,charge fast,front camera is good but back camera is not good compare as K3.
if you want camera then not go for this phone. 
 i have buy this mobile all function good but we use just 5 min mobile is soo hot and warm not possible continue so long use this mobile . 
 to those people who are talking abut the phone getting heated up..i even owe an iphone 6 which gets heated up sometimes... pls use cases as ita a metal phone..otherwise its good..the screen size could have been 5.5" and a fingerprint scanner would have made wonders... 
 All are good,except battery, the phone looks good, light weight, good finishnig, only 10 gb available in internal memory 
 I have been using this phone for a while now, for 10 days. Apart from all those pros and cons, the only thing that is bothering me is the heating part. Am really worried with it. 
In the summers, under normal room temperatures both in the daytime and night, (say around room temperature between 27-38 degree celsius), the phone boots at 33-35 degree celsius. And in minutes with little done, the temperature keeps rising. I have recorded highest to be 42 degrees so far with 'cooler master app' with whatever task I be doing using either wifi or 4G data. 
I have had updated this phone on the very first instance, had stopped all background work from the very beginning. But still, after working over for around 20 minutes, it becomes really painful to attend a call with so much heat touching my ears specially in daytime. 
But in an air-conditioned room, with 25 degree celsius temperature, I find the phone showing temperature between 25-30 degree celsius, at most 32 degrees with the same app. 
For any mid budget phone, it is not expected every customer would be using it under conditioned situation. I had a chat with Lenovo on this matter, and they say this phone temperature can go upto 50 degree Celsius. I feel that's too much in any case for a normal user like me. 
I don't know if Lenovo would come up with any further updates to take care of it. Else, this phone is definitely not meant for Indian summers. And still have to see if it works any good with more apps getting into its fold.? 
 It was prompt delivery n very nice mobile for budget segment 
Although not so much impressed with 13mp/5mp rear n front cameras 
however, the sound (dolby atmos) is great experience 
Overall, very good product for 8500 bucks with given features  
 if you want to buy metal body (only for looks), looks, 2GB RAM, 13&5 MP camera, removable battery, you can buy it without any question, every think is perfect except gorilla glass is missing and the metal quality not is upto the mark, it will be got easily scratches if you not used the protection. 
otherwise every think is acceptable at this price 
 Actually bhadiya phone hai.. Bas updates wagera install karni padengi so that heating ki dikkat theek ho jaaye...aur dolby atmos bohot bhadiya hai.. Baaki camera clarity front ki sahi hai but rear camera is kinda satisfactory... Charge badi jaldi ho jata hai.. Aur matlab sahi hai 8500 mein you can't expect more than that which this phone is offering. 
 Although the CPU speed is 1.5 GHZ, the performance is slow only . Hence, I am not comfortable with its overall performance 
 WORST PHONE EVER I HAVE SEEN. HEATING MORE THAN 40 DEGRES. SPEAKER NOT WORKING. AUTOMATICALY RESTART EVEN AFTER FACTORY RESETTING.VERY MUCH DISAPPOINTED. DONT PURCHASE THIS PHONE. BETTER GO FOR REDMI NOTE 3 OR LEECO LE1S. 
 Pros
-->Screen-441 ppi hd screen which is very good in this price i buyed it just for this reason :P,
-->Dolby Atmos-dolby speakers are damn good and sound in headphones feels like heaven,
-by this we can say dont worry about screen and sound, its the best phone for watching HDmovies
-->good looks-design is good and gold color is damn attractive,
handy feels comfortable in hand- though 5 inch phone easy to handle,
-->front cam is damn good.- why do I feel front cam is good than back camera...do i look that handsome ...just kidding front cam is very good dont worry about selfie kaisa hoga??? 
middle range features 
-->average battery-battery never disappointed me,does its job as its screen is 441 so obviously it take much power so quality ke liye battery quantity goes down to give its best , 
-->3.5 rating for back camera- if your thinking abt a phone with a good camera , this phone has avergae camera.dont expect high end camera.
-->VIbeUI of lenovo is also good.but only six themes.you will also have andriod UI you can choose between two UI's
-->Ram - 2gb which is actually 1.8 gb in this you finnaly get 1.1 gb of ram...but didnt even felt one lag till now or got struck ,performance is depends on user usage.
cons
-->heating problem though its heating reduced after update but still if you play games it heats very fastly, around 42c.
-->lenovo please change notification bar please give back original notification of andriod 5.1. 
overall a good phone in this price.you'll will feel satisfied with this phone with its features. 
 Excellent battery backup
Dolby sound system...please no words...
Once you update the system...there'll b no problem of heating
It just an effect because of the aluminium case
After updating system, performance increases drastically...
Worth buying...way to go LENOVO... 
 this model is loking good , process speed is gud camrera , but major problem is phon heating when you use .030 hour phonw very heating :( 
 Got it delivered in a day as flipkart gaurentees. Really good phone for the price one pays for it. 
Appearance=4/5
Performance=4/5
Camera=2/5(lenovo really needs to work on that) 
 The phone is good overall but it will get heated even for 5 minutes of usage after updation also 
For this Price range all other features are good enough 
 Overall Phone is awsome.... But 1- Poor battery backup and 2- Poor Calling Sound Quality. 
Otherwise its an awsme budget phone in this price range. 
 great fetuers having in your budget, but have power and too much heating problem, so I suggest don't go with this. If lenove resolve heating problem then you can buy with close eyes till then find another option. 
 Lenovo K5 Plus Review
The phone requires two updates one as soon it boots up and after few days of use an update is pushed from lenovo. These updates resolved many issues like over heating, battery backup time battery over heating only iroing box heating use only one hour  
 Everything works like a charm.Everything is a plus point. Full hd screen. Processor.Ram. Storage.Excellent Dolby speaker.Best in Class.Does get warm.Hot in hot conditions but tht is in heavy usage.Camera is ok will do in most cases.Sunlight visibility is good. Battery life is average to good.Average on heavy good on moderate.Headphones get pumped nicely.I liked music listening very much...bass comes nicely. 
Buy if u r looking. 
 pros
nice phone and nice camera
its a super budget phone 
super phone in this price range
smooth no lag 
cons
bit fast heating   
 According to price phone and specification is good.
Its not for heavy users.A little bit heating problem but if u r average user then don't need to worry. 
 Very gud mobil for specification side.camera quality is poor.iam waiting for android6 update. 
 The phone completed the updates resolved many issues like over heating. Overall I am satisfied with this purchase of mine. 
 Not even inserted sim..just downloaded one or two apps through wifi..Phone over heats like a oven..can't even hold it in hand..even when its not even used..work mobile i have used in past 3 years.. 
 Issue:
1. Heating Issue
2. Keep a volume at certain level. After few hours the ringer sound volume becomes low even though the volume bar shows the same level.
3. Camera is not good. Being 13 megapixel you can find dull pics. 
 Lenovo lunching is great phone great price and great performance great speed of net running
I love it
Must buy this phone...!! 
 Display is good, Switching between apps is quite easy. However the phone calling remains the biggest drawback and yet sometimes it doesn't even respond to touch/power key. 
 It is not a device for corporate users. If you want to use to access the enterprise information and your organization allow BYOD don't buy this phone. It won't work for office use since it does not support phone encryption. Otherwise, the device is good in the price range. 
 Good product for the money. 
1. Battery is good for a day use considering 3g&4g use.
2. Audio is great.
3. Performance is good.
4. Shipping and delivery is good.
5. I find heating issues not that bad after the update, hope Android m would be great.
6. Stylish looks.
7. Back Camera is not up to the mark, compared to red mi 2 prime.
8. Front cam is good.
9. UI is good both internal and Google.
10. Overall all I will give 4 rating out of 5 for the product we get at cost of 8500/-
11. Theater max option is great. 
Have to appreciate the sound engine definitely...  
 >Don't Bye This Phone After 15 Day its Automatically Switch-off and Restart 
> normal Call withing 5 min After phone is Too much Hot cant touch Phone .
>So many lags on phone. Even Cant opne Camera app So many Time,
not Even Contact Book Open . 
>Finlay Given Back Phone and Refund All Money From Flipkart . 
 Excellent in all Aspects 
Do not hesitate by seeing some of the negative comments from the buyers. 
Class Phone....Please close your eyes and go for it 
 Lenovo Vibe K5 Plus is quite good ph. with good configuration 2GB ram, 1.5 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 616, Octa Core in reasonable price. Introduce full HD 5" screen (1920 x 1080 Pixels config u will get in 5.5" display) with 13MP Rear & 5MP Front cam. same config u will get in another ph above 10K price. Camera, Smoothness and awesome Dolby sound make real fun to watch movies. Pl ensure to download all default setup before start up to avoid heating problem. Smart ph.........Go ahead with Lenovo Vibe K5 Plus. 
 I have order this product on Mar 25th and received on 1st April, flipkart delivered is the correct date.
Lets come to device:
As far as my usage this mobile is good if you are not a regular internet user. If you have used 3G connection with in 10 min it heats like anything also I am scaring about to use the 4G N/W since there might be a chance to burn.Camera is working fine.Also I have not played any games since I have not able to check whether this phone is hang or not.
I would suggest those who are all not using much internet then go for this phone. 
 nice phone at this budget ... no problem , no hitting problem.. battery is average.. super display ....sound too good .... no hang till date... 
 You have read many reviews, and most of the concern about heating problem. I would say that after some system update there will be no heating issue. Playing some of the Game it may get warm but not heated. And i think that is normal when you play games in any phone under this price range. Overall performance is very good. Good camera quality. But in low light camera performance is little poor. 
Finally i would say that in this price range, you should not expect more. 
 good battery good model, cam not 13mp but good like a6000plus ,not at all bad.. 
good battery good model, cam not 13mp but good like a6000plus ,not at all bad.. 
good battery good model, cam not 13mp but good like a6000plus ,not at all bad.. 
 Pros: 
gaming is smooth, 
display is nice,
camera ok,
UI is good,
battery is fine 
Cons:
temp goes upto 43-44 C,
ring tone becomes very low volume,  
 In 9k best phone. Just go for it. Thnx flipkart. 
With some heating issue in starting now after 20days it's OK. 
 Its rear camera is ok. front camera is very good............ but it has heating problem it gets heated within 5-6 mins its model is very nice. It has a removable battery with 2500mah. its speaker is very good dolby......... overall the phone is ok 
 Superb features... with awesome sound using dolby atmos.. Video recording awesome with HD clarity.. No lagging.... Fantastic except some heating issue.. 
 The bare basic need of being able to hear it "ring" failed us.
Even the basic "trring trring" tone was appalling.
Had to literally hold up the phone to my ear and then hear some inkling of a ring tone.
Not sure if this was specific to this one piece though.
Had to return it. And didnt dare get a replacement. 
On the other hand.. all other hardware was good. Infact better than many other phones i've recently seen. Yes there's heating issues but guess that's expected from the type of hardware running it. Could've been managed better. 
Camera: OK-OK. Not very great. 
 Excellent as a regular phone and social networking usage. Slim n sleek its quite stylish and easy to handle. It is sturdy, well build to sustain a fall, slides well in the pocket. The phone responds well to all actions, screen is large, bright and clear. Keyboard layout is good not crammed as my earlier Samsung that was otherwise also was terribly problematic  as of now Im very much relieved. The battery life is as true as claimed. After a thorough use it gets to 20-30% at the end of the day. Recharge time is quick. I like the phone and its overall performance, would like to recommend to those looking for a good branded phone at under 10K. This is also my first electronic purchase from flipkart  thanks to them - their service so far has been satisfactory. 
 Valuable for money, only disadvantage in this mobile is heating too much, but this range it is good one. 
 Poor build quality and not enough testing was dome before releasing. It generates heat and being metal body, we feel heat very often in use 
 everything is very n ice but i am facing with the rear camera and heating issue ,heating is not too much but the rear camera is worst ,the front is only 5 mp but is very nice but the rear camera is not as good and looks like 2 mp . i see a blue coloured covering at the back camera and but the photo is clearly white should i remove that ?????, 
 delivery by flipkart is perfect and so it will get a 5 star but due to camera 4- star 
 lenovo k5 plus is the best performer phone jinhe lagta hai ki ye heat hota hai to unhe androide mobile use karna band kar dena chahiye ........................
I LOVE MY LEOVO K5 PLUS.......................   
 Nice phone but some problems 
Rear camera - the back camera is of 13 MP but it dose not look like . its like 8 MP  
Heating issue - some time of exess gaming and online video playing leads to heating  
In summer days the temperature is almost 40 on that time it's back portion like burning  
Special feature- 
I am using this phone and in just 2 weeks I got two software update  
 Pros:
1) Great Style & Design
2) Dolby Atmos experience is good 
Cons:
1) Battery heating up
2) Little Lag in the screen
3) You will get K4 if you add some more money- Better go for it
4) Phone is getting slow if you play games
5) Contacts are displayed twice in the phone for each sim. There is no option to customize
6) System Updates take so much time when compared to other phones  
Others:
1) You will be facing little inconvenience still you familiarize with options in the phone.
2) Task manager / to see what are all the open applications, the long press button is too long
3) Power button is below volume button and so in the beginning, you will be pressing volume button first if you want to hot power button 
 This phone response is very very slow apps take more time Normal time to open also got hang very badly  
Plz don't buy this phone... Go for redmi or any other brand  
 Good mobile with better looks. better connectivity, better camera features, value for money. But battery with more powerful backup was needed. 
 its been around 20 days since i m using this phone...it is just below average phone...if u r expecting the high processing speed and good camera in Rs8500 then you will get disappointed with this phone...the only good this about this phone is its sound quality...if u want a phone just to use facebook whatsapp and hike then u can spend your money on this but if u r thinking to play hd games then its nt a good phone for u.... 
 The folloing are the troubles: 
1. The phone gets hung when a sms is incoming and you are trying to browse other appplications
2. Over heating trouble
3. Camera does nt seem to be upto the mark as per specification. very poor quality of images 
 Even apple phones heat up now a days, so heating is not the major problem. A decent camera quality with decent looks and good sound quality. Battery backup is not up to the mark but works for a day with 2 active 3G sim cards. Overall it is a good phone if you want to spend below 10k. 
 it's a nice phone .Sound Is All so Mindbogglingly . Camera is thek thak .Display Chocolaty is So Good ...Scanner Size is 5.25 Is Prefect .......Batter i is 1 Day Lasting ..Salf Fee is Allmost Good . 
 Camera quality is toooo bad,worst camera ever seen, don't buy if u want a good camera phone,screen quality is at best,battery backup is average,nd heating up while using continuously 
 Getting heat while watching videos for long time................. phone looks good.... front cam not much good 
 camera ia average, battery is poor, overheating problem.......not fully satisfied with it.......awesome look.........but look is not only everything 
 The phone is good to use
The only issue is over heating 
Its heats up drastic high when you use the fone with 3G for 10 mintues 
 Hi Guys , I bought this phone last month. After a month of usage I have concluded that, by far it is one of the competitors of budget segment! 
*Many of my friends have said that , it has major heating issue, which is more or less correct ! But nobody thinks that it's got a METALLIC BACK Cover( which is removable)...ya that is not unibody but still....it helps to radiate the heat from the system that has got octa core processor ! It will just make your system last long.
*Now let's talk about some of the Pros and Cons ( Apart from what is given in specification)
*Pros;
1.The primary memory 2 GB is of LP DDR3 RAM. 
2. The speaker is of Dolby Atmos which is very premium and with Theater Max it is just awesome! 
3.The microSD card slot is a dedicated one. 
4.The graphics is Adreno 405 GPU which has a clock speed of 550 MHz. 
5.Supports USB OTG cable which is another advantages. 
6. Since it has got a Gyro. We can watch 360 videos! Many if the budget segment phone lacks Gyro!  
7.5 point multi-touch display. 
8. And the last Lenovo Vibe K5 Plus advantages is the very high quality premium 
metallic body. 
*Cons
Lenovo Vibe K5 Plus disadvantages or cons is with the primary camera performance in low light condition which is not good at all, and so as the secondary camera as well. The reason is because of the smaller aperture of the lens. The LED flash does help a little but not much. Moreover the secondary camera focusing system is fixed.
But that is just a compromise..  
But in the price segement of 8000-9000 this is one of the best! But as we go above you can get 1. Coolpad Note 3 2.Xiaomi Redmi note 3 that are good smartphone but lacks the primeum built and design ! Ya Coolpad got a fingerprint sensor but it is very lagging in high graphics game and sound quality is also not that good too. 
So at last Very good value for money!
Thank You 
 I had purchased 20-25 days back but one day the glass of phone is shattered though phone is working.Further phone is heated very quickly.Overall the phone is not as per brand name. 
 Hi Everyone, 
Here are my feedback on Lenovo Vibe K5 Plus mobile. 
I newly bought this mobile and using it for nearly one month. Since i bought it as a newly launched mobile, I might not get chance to get review from others who used this phone already. As I am using this mobile for a month, i get to know some of the issues with this,such as mobile heating while charging and while on call more than 10 minutes, picture quality is not good for the images taken from this mobile, some of the times the speaker/mike is also not working fine while speaking in phone calls. 
Totally speaking, I am not satisfied with mobile. 
 the phone is very slim...display is just fab....dolby sound again is applaudable.....processing is also fast....selfie camera is good......then whats bad????? 2 things only-1-primary camera is good but not as good as its competitor xiaomi redmi 3....2nd one is heating issue....it heats a lot when i play games...if you are not a mad gamer then YOU MUST GO FOR IT! 
 Guys.. Who are all having heating issue Try to restrict apps from background app management and you will feel the difference. But there is slight lag while switching screens. Overall it is best mobile for watching videos and for hearing audios.. Expecting update from lenovo for that lag.. Display clarity and Dolby atmos audio is awesome.  
Finally awesome phone guys.. 
 It's a great device , I am using it almost 12-15 hours per day last 25 days ..... Now I am quite happy to share my views about it . The price we are paying for this device is justifiable , yeah initially there was heating issues which were solved by prompt reviews and updates by Lenovo Team . 
For a budget <10,000 device is a great value for money go with it . 
 Lenovo vibe k5 plus is the worst phone i have used. Phone goes to the 50 degree temeprature.plz don't ever buy this phone, u will surely waste ur money. have a massive heating problem. i bought it from flipkart so thankfully was able to return it. thanks flipkart :) 
 The primary camera of the phone is very poor,it is company claims 13mp camera but the photos has quality less than 5mp cameras of Nokia & Samsung brands.Dolby atoms provides good H D clarity sound it is one of the main advantage of the phone.Metal build and good stylish body makes it more attractive looks looks like Apple & Samsung J series phones.It also provides a H D display which can compete with the Amoled display of Samsung phones even it is not.The phone heats up very quickly while browsing to above 40 degree and while gaming it may even rises above 50 degree. No headset provided along with the accessories.I give two stars for the display quality,sound quality & built in style.Overall i do not recommend this phone & i have returned the phone.......!!!!! 
 Good Phone with Average use. 
I am using Asus Zenfone 2 Laser (ZE550KL) also, so with that phone I am happy to use this phone. after updating the Lenovo K5, heating issue is gone (normal heating) which is acceptable. 
on and all, good phone.  
 I've been using this phone since past 3 weeks. Overall at this price the phone comes with good specs. However it gets quite heated when it is running 3G data. 
 do not buy this product it hs many faults.only look is good.????? 
Good low budget phone
Pros:
-premium display with wide viewing display
-good processor
-well managed ram,
-build quality
-light weight
-light ui
-can use sd card for app installation
two best features which made this phone best low budget phone
- dolby atmos sound
-theatermaxx technology(though works with anti vr headset) 
cons:
camera is ok-ok...
Battery could be of more capacity 
NOTE: those who are getting heating problem should update their phone to the latest software or firmwar 
 Excellent mobile and specifications no problem m happy with flipkart service . good response and immediate delivery. i hope i would have got one head set with the set 
 not good lenova should test first before flashing realistic effect.BEST OF LUCK LENOVA FOR IMPROVMENT 
 nice product by lenovo .nice looks on the go plus you have also the advantage of vr bundle but you wont get that with this product have some heating issues but a nice product by lenovo to trust on. 
 After using 20 days:
 I am facing heating issue other than that everything is good.
Camera need to improve in low light 
 Lots of heating..
Performance is not upto the mark...
Go for k3 note instead if u love lenovo 
 As the successor Of K3 note Lenovo depreciate many features, like double tap screen wake, beautify Pics, Wave feature , snap with audio , and blink feature in camera and lots more, 
Battery get heated like hell
Camera Quality is worst
Looks are good 
Inspite of getting K5 note plus must go with K3 Note 
 Excellent phone with great features.
Best for price, amazing work 
 Mobile look are very nice , camera is good click .. battery is okk .. and only some heating problem when its charging or gaming..... Overall good product 
 Resolution,Design,Looks and Weight are the Pros.
Hear Issue resolved after OTA fix came after 12/4/2016.  
 This device is as the specification says... 
In the box:
#dosent contain otg cable
#mobile, battery, charger, USB cord (high quality), screen guard glossy (not toughned glass), manual and warranty 
Pros:
#Nice battery (Removable) - 2750 mah 7/10
#Screen is Awesome 10/10
#Music Player Has Good Interface 9/10
#Hardware is good 7/10
#Max app space can be 11+ GB 9/10
#Inbuilt Dolby Atmos Speakers 9/10
#Aluminium Back Panel is Awesome (9/10)
#OTG support 
#Light Weight and easy to use 
Cons:
#Screen Accepts Fat finger touch (doesn't accept touch if touched from screen ends/edges...has to touch it 1-2 times...)
#Camera is OK, Front is good
#Heats when heavy tasking
#System lag is experienced (not good for 2GB RAM, around 1 GB remains free)
#OTG doesn't support NTFS file system drives (can support if rooted) 
Well just using this device since 5 days.....though nice one in 8500 RS....:)  
 I m using this phone since 2 weeks and its running smoothly........phone is not hanging at all and it looks very superb...camera is not so great but otherwise its a superbphone at all.........people can buy it without thinking......because its a great phone !!! 
 Hi frndz,I feel pleased to have such a budget mobile.It would be better if LENOVO provided
gorrilla glass with this model.Above all lenovo mobile has no service centre in each district. 
 It's avarage mobile.good looking only, don't except more from this 
 all features are good but i face heating problem while charging and continuous usage it's an major draw back about my phone and remaing features are awesome in the range of money 
 Mobile was fantastic, worth for price, everything is fine except battery & mobile heating problem. 
 Bought gold colored phone. Awesome.intially there was heating issue. After update heating issue has reduced. However one more SW update may be required to sort issues relating to camera quality etc  
 Its a Budget Phone  
Key Features :-
-Octa Core Snapdraggon
-VR Enabled (watch your favourite stuff in VR)
-Dolby Atmos (Boom Box tech for Audiophiles)
-Best Camera Aperture Primary and Secondary in Class 
Cons (Doesn't Apply For Me @this Killing price) :-
-Battery is Less (Accepted)
-Heating Issue (After The System Update its reduced and act as per usage just imagine an octa core running with that battery any mobile in 15k segment gets heated up ask anyone or try any brand its there) 
Verdict:-
- its a budget mobile 
- if you're a casual gamer with high expectation just go for it 
 its not meant for a longer usage as the battery is less
- if you're an audiophile this mobile is meant for you as dedicated codec is built in 
 the chip to give you immense quality of music (try phillips SHE3205 with this phone i assure you won't regret it 
Overall A Budget Phone if you want the best feature under 9k Just Don't Think Twice and Buy this Little Beast that suits your pockets and needs  
Thanks for reading (My 1st review on Flipkart)  
 after one day uses,its very fast ph, little bit heating problem, but this is nothing,after some time uses it is recovery good.camera are superb. nice touch, and its sound quality is amazing.. totally it is a good phone.. 
 Everything is fine with the phone but it is getting overheating actually I took it for my sister she is annoyed by using it I will try the new one... ordering new one now 
 Having Some Heating Problem... VIBE UI is not so User-Friendly...Camera software is not as expected...The box does not contain headphones...
Overall it is a great phone at reasonable Price..Fine display and Excellent Sound... 
 if you buy it , u definitely bought a heater . 
heating till 46 degree celcius only in 7 minutes video recording . 
I have two more phones from lenovo which do not have such heating issues (A6000+) , but this phones beats all odds (sarcastically ) .. 
if you look at the specifications you'll love it ..but regret buying it on the second day itself .. 
I am returning it .. and thanx to flipkart foe agreeing to refund the money in my bank account .. Guys do read reviews and dont get fooled by just the specifications .. 
 Phone is gud in all aspects but buyer be aware of heating issue it's OK if its heat up at back side use back cover but still in front side u can't be carefull even after 3 OTA updates heating issue is not resolved. 
 Nice product in that price,but the rear camera is not so completable in room light. Otherwise the set is very good,and the shipping is very good. 
 lenevo vibe k5 plus which is lenevo's latest technology phone the phone has 16GB storeage its camera is excellent . users should know that dosen't hang much . 
 excellent phone in middle range price and working good speed 
main feature is the camera is 13 mp with marvellous PPI 441 that gives excellent clarity of images. 
 This review comes after more than 3 weeks of usage.
I ordered it on the day it first went on sale and because of my location I got it after 5 days.
Till then many reviews had come up and most of them were negative, speaking about the heating problem, bad camera, etc. so I was apprehensive.
When I finally got the phone delivered I was pleasantly surprised by its looks and weight.
PROS:
It is very light weight, looks great, though the aluminium body makes it a little too smooth and I'm a bit clumsy, but I haven't dropped it yet!!
The screen is just the right size for me, resolution is alright.
The preloaded apps were very few, so had to download all the essential apps.
The camera is okay, the front camera could have been better I suppose.
It didn't heat up as some people reviewed.
The sound when you turn on Dolby is amazing!! that is probably the best part of this phone.
CONS:
I have used Lenovo phone before and I'm having the same problem with this one.
There is some problem with the contacts and the call log. The contacts suddenly stop working and I have to really wait or turn off the phone to get the contact list and the call log list back.
Apps like Pinterest also seem to not work properly and it just stops working!!
The phone does heat up when i try playing games on it. But I'm not much of a gamer so that is that. 
Apart from that, the phone is a good buy at this price range. 
 1.The phone is working as expected.HD display is very good. Internal 
It has good screen quality and very good in looks and perfectly slim and very nice sound
2.Sound quality amazing!!! -well managed ram,good processor 
3.Battery could be of more capacity
4. Faster delivery I received in a next day.  
 Thanks Flipkart and the Seller for the deal.
The phone is working as expected.
HD display is very good. Internal memory is also huge.
Heating issue is over after firmware update.
Multitasking is also working well.
2 GB RAM is enough for me. Rear camera is also good.
Looks very nice and light weight after inserting the battery.
Aluminum body and finishing is very attractive.
Overall the phone features are very good in this price segment.
Thanks so much. 
 I researched (processor, batter, GPU, Screen, Camera, lens, technology, etc) and waited for four months to purchase red mi note 3. but due to their bad marketting technique and no stock availability, I purchased this lenovo k 5 +. But i think i made a mistake. I waited for 4 months but could not wait for 2 or 3 more weeks. Even there are many other good phones available at this price range. 
Issues:- Heating (screen and Back), Sometimes it is getting heated when it in my shirt pocket also. Touch is not that good. Camera Zoom is only 3 X and also video Stabilization takes more time. Performance not that much.  
I also see that heating issues are mostly happening only in these Chinese Phones and also SAR Value is high. They also advertise one spec but actual spec when selling is different. I think this happens only in India. People be aware of these .....  
Note: I think this is my last chinese product in future. I am not sure. I wanted to purchase a laptop and went to lenovo Store earlier. But I think I wasted my time. I will go with HP or Dell ...... 
Finally, Only one is very satisfactory: 
FLIPKART... the delivery was on the next day. Impressed with Flipkart. Very much improved.. Kudos to Flipkart... 
 Lenovo Vibe K5 Plus  
1.Camera really worst its output like 2.0mp camera. If any looks for a better camera performance pls don't buy this product. 
2.Sound quality amazing!!! 
3.Display clarity superb like Samsung on5 
4.Cast screen works well in Samsung smart TV. 
5. Both sim not 4g support as described in the feature.
Only sim 1 support 4g
Sim2 only supports 2g 
6. Faster delivery I received in a next day. 
7. Best thing is light weight.  
Really good phone, works pretty smoothly, no lag n only heats as much as any other Chinese phone like redmi. 
By the way looks like iPhone 6s from behind.
Buy it n have fun its only a phone. Don't think too much. 
 i bought vibe k5 mobile on 31 march 2016 even after knowing about negative feedback because of budget constaraint. But i was satisfied with performance,Because i didn't expect too much specifications in that budget.
Even i also faced heating issue with this mobile, But after upgrading to latest firmware which is available on system settings its working fine. No heating issue. 
Camera :5/10(if u r a camera lover pls stay away from this mobile.) 
sound sytem:8/10 
battery:7/10 
look:9/10 
performance: 8/10(speed) 
touch screen :8/10 
if u r apple user in past, you will be happy with this battrey performance. 
complete mobile made in china.
no ear phones will be provided with this phone  
 Very good phone under 10k.I'm not facing any heating issues at all.All the specs are really super.......best smartphone  
 handset is awesome features are awesome camera quality awesome but battery not good very highly disappointed with the service of battery and mobile gets heated up very soon music quality good . but shoud also give earphone should also introduce black colour handset 
 Dear Friends, simply I suggest not to buy this phone. The reason is specification misled by Flipkart regarding processor & Lenovo forgot to test the phone under different conditions of use. This becomes an heater while connected to internet. Waste of money. Please go for K3 or A7000 model which runs better than this. 
 This is a very bad product made by Lenovo. 
Lots of heating issues with it and Camera quality is very bad. 
Flipkart services are good as always. 
Don't loose your money with it. 
 Other than battery it is excellent phone,some heating problem when web surffing 
 Everything is good, except the heating issue while using the applications & camera. Even 4G network issue I have checked with only Airtel 4G sim not getting signals at all. 
 The phone is good in looks-wise and specs-wise.
Battery not lasting for one day.
Heating problem.
Display is not good, color saturation is worst. 
Not recommended. 
 Camera is nice and looks are awesome but a heating problem but can be solve by 75MB update and one more problem is the speaker yes when you will hold it your palm will block the speakers and no marshmallow update till now ... 
 The phone had heating issues at first but the system updates removed it. Slim phone, looks great. No lag, camera is good but not as good as moto g3. If you are facing any heating issues, just do that system update. 
 heating problem ,nothing else ,delivery was fast by flipkart ,poor battery, all over good nice look 
 lenovo made a good design cell phone , 
 but its has an heating issue while on calls and using apps, 
they should have to work on it. apart those issue its good phone best price,  
 Hi All 
Its been 15 days using this phone.
It is excellent phone, with looks, design, battery life for normal to moderate user of phone. 
the Picture quality is also good, there is little heating while battery charging which reduces subsequently. 
Regards
KK 
 Firstly I would like to thank flipkart for amazingly fast delivery.
Coming to the product, I it a pretty good one apart from minor issues which you can expect at this price range.
Yeah, there is a bit of heating observed on heavy usage, but for normal usage it is an amazing product considering its price range, build quality and features. 
 good camera, great screen, heats up a little, nice battery, great looks, nice slim piece perfect for single hand operation, metalic body and most important value for money
flipkart delivery was before a day before estimated time
thumbs up for this model 
 The phone is good .. But HV hearing prblm.... The back side metalic so it get heated very fast.... Good sound. Good picture clarity.. Good video clarity. Good speed...mostly good look... It's a nice pH.   
 It's worth for money 
Some heating problem is ter while using wifi & while playing game.... 
Other wise it has better performance ....& it has very smooth touch 
 Excellent Buying experience, Everything timely planned and updated at every stage of delivery, Of course product is superb in a reasonable price. 
 i am not satisfied for lenovo vibe k5 plus product,
 front camera without flash & heating problem 
 every option is good Except heating issue.earphones also not provided remain everything is fine. 
camera,apps and ram also very good   
 Overall the fone is good under such a cheap price... But the only con is the heating issue 
 My impressions after almost 1 week of usage
--->premium looks
---->easy to hold
----->best 1080p display
---->fast UI,no lag whatsoever
---->Dolby Atmos adds a big boomb to the speaker
---->gaming is too good.,no lag 
Initially I was worried about the heating but after the update the device feels much cooler
Value for money BEST THAN EVER KNOWN moto g 3rd gen  
 Nice phone.
Phone handles a decent multitasking.
Display is nice.
Only prob i got is about battery.
It lasts only a day with average usage 
 Good handset in 8.5k with all features of 15 - 20k Samsung phone. 
 After using the phone for 3 days, My review:- 
Pros:
 1- Awesome Sound quality like not in other phones
2- Good camera both front and back 
3- very nice display,sleek phone
4- metallic look very amazing,
5- Dolby sound super cool 
And anything in it is very nice,Good phone under 9K 
Con's:
1: heating probelm is not so much,even if u play games,music,you yube
I means acceptable heating,not too much heat.. 
Conclusion
Best phone after,lenovo k3 note,go ahead and buy it yar..itna nahi sochna chahiye, don't read such fullish reviews like this phone is iron box and all this all are nonsense stuffs 
 Device is good. But overheating too much. Cant hold in hand more than half hour 
 Great phone, no heating problem, good camera, All other features are excellent. Vibe K5 + is Value for money. Thanks for flipkart for immediate delivery. 
 phone gets heated up , also battery drains out real quick, i need two charge to run a full day. also some software issues, no task manager , some lag is there in opening apps. camera seems ok for now. UI feature is good, sound is either too high or too low. sound bar in middle seems like almost mute. whatsapp icon on homepage not showing the nos of new messages. also video player provided is very slow. somewhat dissapointed with the phone. 
 good.. but sometimes it get heated so much .....other wise i just like it... wow...and camera quality is just aswm ......and sound quality is also fav.. is quite like theater sound......i love it..... 
 Nice product excellent service hats up to flipkart thanks to flipkart team 
 only look wise good but over heating and battery poor
sound good .............overall not good.............. 
 All features are good and working smoothly. 
first time felt heating after 2 days working without heating issue. 
 awesome dud, vry sexy smooth processor, in love with k5,  
bt heating shld be low... 
can nybdy tell how to reduce heating lvl.. 
ovral its fantastic....gys 
 The product is quite good if you are not playing heavy games. Great look, nice touch, ok ok battary life. And of course price is affordable. In this price range it's a good phone. 
 nice phone with good look but poor camera.
Battery back up is satisfactory, sound quality is nice. 
 Best phone call n this rang and better than xiomi redmi note prime.....a nice phone at this price range. .....no problem of heating......good looking .  
 Weight :- light weight
Camera :- camera quality is very good front and rare both
Battery:- Capacity is little low
Ram:- 2 GB
os:- android 5.1.1
Look:- look like apple 6s from back side
Storage:- 16 Gb
Display :- 5 inches 
overall :- Jabardast phone in this price 
 camera is AVERAGE
look is AWESOME
but it not the worth money product. lots of heating when using phone and but battery is GOOD 
if you have software defect in camera software then download the MOBILE UPDATE 
 It is really a competative product with good quality performance and all required latest features finds very easy to use, i feel highly satisfied in useing the phone very comfortably
when compare to high cost smart phones. 
 Firstly, Flipkart delivery was quite good, fast enough. 
Booked this phone in the very first wave of sale, although the mobile looks and works good the only reason I have to rate it down for is "the heating issue". Mobile heats up like anything even when talking, with all applications closed the mobile almost touches 40 c, I'm really worried on using this in mid summer afternoon. The camera looks OK, not anything great. Audio is really loud and clear, thanks to the nicely placed Dolby system. 
I would not recommend this mobile, because of overheating issue. 
 Very light weight, sleek n slim and look wise very trendy. Touch is very good. Value for money so far. 
 Hello I am use this phone five day 2 phone really looking excellent battery backup excellent not heating problem camera quality acceptable not bad and all specification good I don't understand others customer reviews like heating problem 
 while using internet,playing games,videos etc. heat generation is excessive. otherwise the set is no doubt good. 
 I think the camera performance of this device is not up to the mark as compared to xioami. I am a fan of xioami phones. Now am using the redmi 1s which is the low cost phone of xioami. In terms of camera performance redmi 1s is better than this lenovo vibe k5 plus . I expected more from lenovo. 
 Heating prob and slow loading.its a good phone for the price. 
 super fast loading.... good auto brightness..... battary backup good.... camara quality not bad....... 
 A a very good phone but some problems occur like the heating otherwise it's a very good product.... The looks are really amazing... The phne is working really well.. BT a problem is it's heating.... Hope so lenovo will introduce a solution to this... Otherwise an amazing product... N in my view it's worth d money.... N battery is gud....  
 THE THIS MOBILE VOLUME QULITTY IS VERY GOOD BUT WHEN WE CAN LOW RESULT VERY BAD AND FULL VOLUME RESULT IS NO.1 AND BATTERY WAS VERY FAST DOWN 
 Advantages 
1.A lite weight phone
2.Allows updates automatically
3.Good low cost phone among all the 9k phones
4.Have a excellent sound effects
Alot of the heat is produced 
 overall its a good phone with a great sound and visual effects  
 Very huge problem with over heating, not just mild like other phones but very much over heat. Over heats when you charge it, when you use any app that uses high RAM. So much heat that some times its even difficult to hold it. My mom's using the phone, and I've suggested her not to use it while charging and not to keep beside her while sleeping(Am always afraid of over heating phones). Lenovo should work on this, except for this, phone is pretty good. 
 I have purchased this phone in first sale in flipkart. This review is after using and found cons and pros. 
Look: Lookwise it's ok, good for money. Nothing different or extraordinary for price. 
Peformance: Performance is ok. Like all the android of now a todays with no lag. All phone peforms well in new condition. Like my lenovo A6000 started to hang only after 9 months of use. 
Display: Display is ok. Not that great like 1080p. I did not find it better than my redmi2 720p display. 
Sound: Sound is ok. Not that great like advertised. That video with 3D sound with the dolby app even sounds better in my Redmi-2. In loudspeaker and in inear good quality headphone also. 
Camera: Camera is very poor. Like a nonbranded mobile. Spec says it 13MP but perfroms like 2 MP only that too with noise. Redmi2 with price 6000 gives much better quality picture output than this phone. Ins short camera is not like the price I have paid. Not even mathces Lava or Xolo camera, branded is out of question. 
Battrey: Battery backup is just ok. Nothing to mention here. 
Conclusion: The price we are paying for this device is not worth of it. Not value for money in today's world. We have much better option in qualitywise from other brands like Xiaomi, Huawei, Motorola etc. 
 the phone is really awesome under 10k with good configuration,..
only the camera clarity is average in spite of 12 megapixels. 
 Its a high quality product with this price Thanks to lenovo and flipkart
camera is awesome also no lagging great product 
 Very descent phone, with good features... No heating issue while playing games and net browsing. Camera quality is bit disappointing. 
Overall a best buy... 
 Thanks to flipkart for quick delivery and good sevice.After using the phone for few days i am not so happy with lenovo.It is my first lenovo phone after sony xperia.The phone performs well but it heats a lot.I think lenovo should take quick action to solve the problem.Battery is average with moderate use,again there is heating problem while charging.Lenovo should do something to maintain its good will.I think without heating problem it is a great phone.No lag at all although i have not installed so many apps.It should be of android latest version.Previously i also thought of returning the product but i keep faith on lenovo and hope the problems will be solved in the next update.I fall in love with this phone because it looks great works great with some minor flaws. 
 It good as per price we pay. Only things is that if they add earphone then Awesome, it will like something extra . :) 
 very bad camera selfy good ,battery very poor, camera sensar is very slow
nothing buy fifkart sarvice is very good 
 Lenovo Vibe k5 plus(purchased on 4th April) is getting hot during app use and talking. Attention!!buyers should be aware of it. 
 Not much heating problem as many reviews pointed out. Good value for money 
 full hd display is awsome , good camera, superb sound,led notification light, battery is capable for one and half day normal use
* phone is slightly heating on use 
 i buy this product its very good an coming to the features of this mobile its awesome but he dint give ear phones with this mobile 
 Pros:
camera is very good
Phone looks good and premium
I ran Antutu benchmark result after update was 35000
VR mode is good 
cons:
Phone heats up too much even on normal usage
can't play 4k video or high end games   
 Not so bad not so good just average .looks are awesome but heating and camera not so good . Not good for heavy gaming . Overall a average buy under 9K. 
 mobile is ok for the price range no heating issues for me.good mobile under 8500 don't expect everything 
 Phone is good.but the phone is so much hitted..
And i have one problem also,the headphone slot is not working some times..
Otherwise the phone quality is enough in this budget. 
 Very good phone in this range, display and sound clarity are high quality. battery backup is not bad. overall very good phone in this price. 
 If you want to buy some phone for gaming and browsing or even if you speak for 20-30 mins please don't even consider this phone this phone is hot it can reach 45 deg in 30 mins and you cant speak for long time your ears will get heated well . phone has a good display and music and does not hangs .i think lenovo should have tested it properly . 
 The phone is good as per the budget. Below are a few observations, that I found after 15 days of usage. 
1. Looks are pretty good and stylish.
2. Battery backup is good.
3. If I use WIFI then the phone doesn't heat up. On using mobile data the mobile heats up slightly.Hopefully Lenovo would provide an update for this issue.
4. Camera is good, but not excellent. There was a green cover on the rear camera. Be sure to take it out before taking snaps.
5. If I turn on the 4G, phone calls are getting blocked. I couldn't find any solution for the problem.
6. Sound is awesome on the Dolby atmos speakers. 
 I have received the cellphone with good condition. But one thing you have not sent head phone with this package. This is only regretting. 
 good performance best at tis price comparing with Samsung j series and micromax mobiles Lenovo given a best   
 Heats pretty quickly!!!!! Otherwise it could be the best pick!!! 
 signal strength is somewhat poor.
 display quality is super and every thing is super its worth of money.
Cam quality is super
heating issues are there..........heating issue i am giving only 4 stars 
 Mobile looks good but its getting heating while listening music, watching movies and taking pics and video. And camera quality also poor. 
 Both front & back camera poor,heats like oven while charging & using net.gets charging very slow.looking wise stylish & slim.. 
 Phone is really good specs,display,sound,looks wise but heats up when playing games.Also not getting enough speed on WiFI. Battery drain issue fixed by turning GPS off. Fix these two issues with an OTA Update and it will be perfect. 
 Thanks to Lenovo to design such a high performance and good looking phone in affordable rate. 
pros) 
1) awesome camera front and back
2) Battery life is aprox. 15 hrs (trust me its unbelievable)
3) Phone never get heats up(even if you brows net or watch movie while browsing internet).
4)Slim design and light weight with premium look.
5) Awesome sound (dolby digital)
5) Removable battery.
6) Theatermax support. 
Cons)
no cons :-)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Those who want to buy phone under this price range should definitely buy this product  
 The specification is good,light weight,great design, looking exclusive, good delivery and packaging by flipkart 
 I used the phone for 2 weeks and here what i got, 
Pros:
1. Screen : Awsome
2 UI : OKay (Install Google now launcher it'l look better)
3. Speed : Superb. No lag at all.
4. Looks : Great 
Cons:
 Camera: its not as good as 8 MP cam 
Verdict : Great buy for 8500..!! 
 Everything in this phone is perfect and have been using for past week. Not sure what the users didn't like. The Camera is also decent and the front cam is very good.
Perfect feel, sound, display and everything. 
Only drawback to me is no headset. 
 Worth of Buying this mobile more affordable. Nice model so sleek design light weight good camera and great performance 
 Love this phone at this price range. Buy in first sale in gold..camera quality both from and back good.touch is soo smooth instead of redmi.no hanging issue.. Lil heating prblm.not much.battery backup is good.covered whole day as I play game.overall good product.. Than other in this range. 
 I booked Lenovo Vibe K5 Plus with exchange of my old phone. Booked on 2nd Apr 2016 night around 10pm got next day 1pm. Excellent service. Phone is well priced .
only con is camera.Bit low otherwise everything is well place.specially look. 
 Pros:
Dolby Atmos Speaker
Sleek Design
Quick Charging
Camera quality decent in good light
With one 2G sim inserted and without mobile data switched on, Life of battery was 24 hours with 6 hours hearing of music in headset. 
Cons:
Lagging in touch if install any launcher. Not looks like 2G RAM with Octa Core in performance. My old Lava Iris mobile was much better in performance with 1GB RAM and Quad Core.
Heating.
Battery drain quickly with 3G Browsing (Die in 6-7 hours with continuous surfing). I did not yet check with 4G. 
 After using this phone for one week, I can say this if your budget is less then 10k, then you must go for this phone, It is working smoothly till now, no heating issues, Dolby Atmos sound enhancement is awesome,  
If the Battery could be of more capacity and camera could be little better, This is awesome Phone 
 This phone is good in the 8 to 10K budget.
Looks good,
Good display, 
Dolby Atmos sound enhancement 
Gets hot when in use
Poor battery life
Camera in the Lenovo Vibe K5 Plus is not up to the mark. 
 After a week use, I found this nice looking phone works fine for a medium load user like me. Good built, nice looking gadget with a decent performance. The major cons & pros I noticed: 
pros:
1. Excellent voice quality
2. Very good display
3. Good build quality
4. Nice design
5. Good performance. 
6. Pricing
7. Flipkart's fast delivery service 
Cons:
1. Heating issue. Initial heating is too high. Updated the software as per the instruction. Reduced the issue after update, but still the device is not very " cool" as it looks. 
2. Camera doesn't look great. Especially in low light it produces below average quality pictures.
3. battery is average, though an average user can use it for more than a day.  
Overall, the device is not a sure shot for power users due to heating and camera quality. But for an average user like me who uses this as a mobile phone and for social networking (with around 2-3 hours of usage a day ) this a great choice.   
 bhai mst phone hai little bit heat hota h par uska update aa chuka h display quality badhia h look is stunninggg with back almunimum panel or jo ye starting ke review me jo bkwass likh rkha h na heating like a microwave,oven sb bakwas h ab itne cost mein iphone ki quality thodi milege gi and one more thinh no hanging issue at alll running jhakass tension mat le leelee mtlb phone lelele!!!!! 
 Happy to be part of lenovo phones. Impressed by Full HD display, dual non hybrid sim slots, VR option, 13 MP avg camera, Light weight, 5 Stars for because of look and feel of the phone so good and slim model and comes Uuder 8.5K budget phone,  
Some drawbacks are battery getting heated most often, camera is average. No ear phones in the box and should have been more battery power. 
Overall satisfied by the products in this price range. 
 phone was to. good. design is also good battery is less power but noy bad power 
 This is a very good mobile and in a very low cost all features are latest as well .so you should buy these phone .#LENEVO 
 A decent looking mobile considering the price it sold. Vibe K5 plus had got all the good things in this price range. I purchased this phone as gift for my wife and she really liked this mobile. Using this phone since two days. This is my second Lenovo purchase and first one was tab. 
 This Product was excellent. At the starting there was issue of Heating. I have use it half n hour with Internet AND temperature reach upto 46 degree. So i visit the lenovo care. They suggest that use blank(format all the old data) memory card. and use. then no heating at all. 
Kindly this is my suggestion to Flipkart inform all the customer to use Blank memory card and then store their require data into in. 
 I am gonna keep it simple and split it into Pros and Cons :- 
PROS:- 
1. Performance - Processor and ram are adequate in this price range . Lenovo launcher was a bit laggy,Nova launcher has no probs.
2. Camera - Yes u heard me ... There is problem with the image processingg of the default camera . All issues are resolved if one uses Open Camera. Excelled daylight images and Ok indoor shots . Flash is adequately bright.
3. Screen - Its Bright and sharp and software allows to adjust saturation and warmth of the whites.
4. Speakers - Though not front firing they are LOUD.
5. Theatremax tech is nicely integrated.
6. No notable heating Issues with regular usage or light games.(After the update)
7. Slim and light and one hand managable. Sturdy construction.
8. Separate MicroSD and Sim slots. No Hybrid mumbo jumbo here. And cards upto 64GB works although officially 32GB is mentioned. 
CONS:- 
1. Software - Launcher is crap and laggy,Camera software has limited options and poor image processing.
2. Capacitive buttons are non-Backlit.
3. 16GB internal leaves us wanting for more but good enough at this price.
4. Battery is Adequate for a day but drains fast if heavy gaming. 
So as u can see Con are nitpicking and at this price this is a great deal and good value for money. 
 i'm late to write this review as i was testing this device for about 10 days to make sure that some issue craps in.....
It's as a stable processor with less heat issue as it's one which is used in Huawei Honor 5X 
The misconception of CPU-Z app that it shows 615 instead of 616 is wrong as there is bug or something with CPU-Z App itself. It also show Display PPI of 419 instead of 441
you can calculate with this formula:Sqrt(width^2+height^2)/diagonal size of screen in inches or http://pixeldensitycalculator.com/
This chipset also supports Quick Charge 2.0 
Good things:
- Full HD Display and Dolby Sound which is bit sharp but loud.
- Phone Looks Premium from back side with aluminium panel.
- Battery lasts full day with moderate to heavy usage.
- No compromise of using 2 sims with memory card, sperate slot of each card.
- Has a good unough graphic card Adreno 405, but not for hard-core gamer.  
Now Down Sides:
- The phone looks like chines phone from front side with touch buttons which i hate.
- Camera struggles to focus on object but gives good results with good light conditions.
- Lenovo UI is poor in terms of quality and features
- Instagram lages even after 2 GB of RAM while scrolling,Lags with "Wait-Report-Ok"
- With in camera you can't use flash light which is a bug needed to be fixed.
- Notification only appears in notification scroll bar but not on apps itself.
- The folder is also tricky as they allow only 2.5'inche of view and not taking adv. of full screen where we need to scroll inside folder with only 6 apps.
- Have to rely on MX Player, Google Music, Photo & ES explorer apps as lenevo apps are poor.
- 1st Sim is 4g enabled and other is 2g. 
- Auto Brightness is not stable as it's like a dim electricty in house.
- It default with lenovo that it cuts app icon as per their soften edges square theam.
- There are two Dolby icones....shame on developers
-  
Conclusion: The phone is great in term of hardware but the software is considered as underdog as above mentioned issues can be solved with efficient and quality code.
There is the only Hope from lenovo that they fix issues and provide futer updates as well.  
 Worthy product for the given price range.
- Picture 5/5
- Sound 5/5
- Speed 5/5
- Battery Bckup 5/5
- Body heat 2/5
- Camera 4/5 
I was badly dissapointed because there was no headset provision with this product. They could have added it and it really values for a music buff like me. 
 Phone all features good, it's working also good.. Better choose this phone. Dolby sound system amazing. 
 Mobile look & weight is very ideal. Very fast touch screen,camera picture quality is also very good for both sides.Digital Dolby sound & picture qualities are so attractive,missing ear phone in this set.But Mobile Assistant software shows the details some time in English and some time in Chinese/Japanese language .Accessories for this set are not available in open market. 
 Camera is OK, can't say it is excellent. Good sound quality, good display quality. 
Heating problem got solved after system upgrade. 
Worth for 8.5 k. 
 This is the one of the nice phone in low range.... all function are good and nice , excluding front camera image quality..... that is average
graphics is very good... HD quality is awesome with best sound of a speaker ... heat is not a issue , every android phone is heated so its normal..... I like this phone...
One advice to company please provide earphone with your product... Thank You 
 Over ol working of this set is gud.... The only problem is face is the heating problem.... Rest camera, processor, connectivity everything fine  
 i'm happy with my phone...
Guess it's a good decision to buy it over others phones of same range..
love lenovo...  
 Lenovo as a brand comes with its own features, truely facile & appealing. Dolby & Theatremax technology that too in >10k range worth applauding.
However the Heating issue of this phone has stuck in there for A star to vanish out. 
 Very nice phone in under ?10000.
no heating while using accepting while charging because it charges fast with 1.5 Amp charger.
clear display and smooth touch
good battery life at least for 1 and half day with 2-3 hours game and continuous internet ON
nice looking  
 Good buy But then always shows Emergency Calls in 1 SIM 2 days operation Still to see all features RAdio not there 
 This is good a phone with lots of good points in it but has a problem. It's heat up even using WhatsApp or browsing net WiFi. 
 Nice phones with great features. It looks very slim used for 12 hours and it is pretty good and the Camera shutter speed is slight laggy. Liked the phone. I will give a detailed reviee after my 1 week use. 
 It is a quality product made by Lenovo. Phone is running very smooth. No major heating issues. but sometimes its gets heated up during playing hardcore games. Camera quality is also good,could have been better though. Front camera quality is much better than other high end phones. The thing best of lenovo vibe k5 plus is its look and design. touch is very smooth. Metal casing gives very premium look to the phone.
Its a best buy if u are planning for a budget phone with elegant looks n awesome specs. 
 Got this phone after 5days..
Genuine product,quality delivery also from the courier ECom express..
Thank U Flikart,wish to shop more in future.. :-) 
 Mobile was good....just as thought..but expected ear phones...really disappointed when opened the pack 
 phone is damn awesome, camera is not upto the mark but overall it is a great phone, don't think and buy it 
 I have ordered on 23rd March in few minutes but received the same on 30th march at 1300 hours. 
Phone is awesome look wise. 
Battery drains very fast. 
Camera effects according to 13 MP & 5 MP is not coming.
2 times i have updated phone.
119 MB.
But lot of heating without back cover.
Ask for return and also customer care representative checked the phone online & found that heating rise upto 48C. So flipkart agree for refund the amount.
Phone is best overall but because of this heating problem i have to return the phone very next day. Hope some solution comes for this heating effect 
 Lenovo K 5 Plus is really amezing mobile, 
pro 
Good Battery
Light waight
good design
good price 
no heating
frong camera is good
cons 
Back camera is not up to the mark looks like 8 MP  
 This phone create sometime hang problem.. and camera quality is not too good.. ....................................................................................................................... 
 nice produce in minimum price. I am very much satisfied with the product and its features. Thanks to lenovo for giving such nice product in such minimum price 
 I had ordered dis mobile on 30th of dis march 2016 nd dey had told me delivery within 5th of april nd to my amaze i gt dis mobile on 2nd of april so thumbs up for seller and flipkart.
the product i got is in very good packing condition and good one. 
 mobile is good in these range. But it has heating problem while charging the phone. .simple word i can say it is not good nor bad... 
 Its good phone for 8.5 ....Only one pblm heating .... 2g sim works on only 2g ....its not tell on specification ....2sims are 4G ...
Its fake .... 
Fast delivery flipkart thanks.... 
 Got this yesterday with fast delivery..This mobile is pretty good..but camera can be better...no heating problem in my mobile after update...working good...best mobile under 9k 
 compared Vibe P1 and Vibe K5 plus. 
almost all features (85-90%) are same between these two. but P1 is almost 80% high price tagged. 
good looks. good features. if we are talking about the camera quality,looks okay at that price. still could have been improvised. 
 I used it for a week and it was good no issues. Many people gave reviews saying it has heating problem yes it heats a bit during gaming only not during charging or calls it may heat a bit due to aluminium casing that happens to many android phones with aluminium body ex: HTC one M8. And camera is ok outdoor and indoor with good lighting you get excellent pics but at low level light its not that good but for a price of 8.5k please don't expect more. Finally looks its very very well designed, finished and good looking phone. Go for Gold color its Awesome. 
 My reviews after using Since 27/03/2016  
1) Full HD Display, even in sunlight , you'll feel comfortable.
2) Dolby Atmos, delight to ears.
3) VR Technology.
4) Battery Backup is fine, depends on usage.
5) Camera works ok not great a DSLR quality but fine.
6) Touch response is good.
7) Fast Charging.
8) Built Quality feels rich.
Haven't tried gaming and heating is tolerable with the features loaded. Heating issue is due to processor, Qualcomm Snap Dragon 615.   
 first of all this my first i have used many lenevos phone it does have heating at uncomfortable levle
the Qualcomm Snapdragon616 is actually 615 in my opinion and i have check it by many third party app they all showed 615 the is actually heat a lot then come to screen display is good almost great very good color viewing angle but no screen toughness 
now Comes to Performance allover good but sometimes it got laggi while playing games like asphalt 8 lenovo a6000 plus is much better to handle games and heating. 
 Received delivery in 3 days.... awesome....
After start first things done is update 93 MB
camera is good, screen is superb,touch is superb & premium look.
performance is grt till i used. need to cover you screen with tempered glass as no gorilla glass provided by lenovo.  
I am giving 5 star to this phone compare to budget against performance.  
 I ordered it first day of its launch within few minutes. Flipkart delivery is very fast it comes in 48 hrs ..after using it by 5days I feel it is not advisable to buy it due to it overheating.. Camera is also not up to the mark...as I used before lenovo series A6000 & k3 note are never had a heating problem.. 
 Phone is awsome......lookwise... 
Battery is good...
Camera is awsome but at night effects according to 13 MP is not coming....
2 times i have updated phone.
1 is of 75 mb and another is of 95 mb.
But lot of heating.
Ask for return and also customer care representative checked the phone online & found that heating rise upto 48C. So flipkart agree for refund the amount.
Phone is best overall but because of this heating problem i have to return the phone. Hope some solution comes for this 
heating effect 
 1. You will not get any headphone along with accessories, which is a disappointment thing.
2.BEFORE UPDATE you feel HEATING ISSUE, but AFTER UPDATING there will not so much heating Issue, I think whatever level it heats up after updating phone once, is because of snapdragon processor.
3. SOUND QUALITY is NICE can say near to superb. thanks to DOLBY ATOMS. again there is no headphone in the box so....
4. Camera is not so much good , software issue.
Else Everything is fine up till now    
 It is simply awesome and 5 stars fail to rate it.After using it for few days Camera..4.5 out of 5
Sound..5 out of 5
Display..5 out of 5
Battery..4 out of 5
Overall.5 out of 5..
Build quality.5 out of 5
Some people say phone heats it will not if you update it.
Don,t believe on wrong reviews.  
 Look is damn too awesome i mean way too awesome
total HD
Phone has a royal look with metal casing bt the thing is, it is plastic with metal covering 
No lags after downloading messenger,fb,whatsapp,hike,truecaller
bt still has damn good storage capacity
can transfer apps to sd card 
i dnt play games so dnt know 
battery lasts 5 hrs of heavy usage with wifi
which is little flaw
also battery heats up while charging like a ironbox bt other
times it doest heat up that much 
back camera is not upto the mark
front camera is awesomer than other phones 
sound is the best part 
for further clarifications on this product 
msg r emaill  
 Awesome mobile phone for this budget. 2 problem for this phone camera & heating.back camera is 13mb but result is 5mb....mobile is very heating..... Over all Mobile is Nice..........Mobile is good but Not Best 
 I bought gold color phone.Which looks very royal and rich. 
Pros:
sleek and look is good.
performance is good with 2 GB ram.
comes with scratch guard.
Good metal body,looks stylish.
worth the money.
Dolby speaker.sound is very good.
octacore processor. 
cons:
Battery is only 2750.But depends on usage. 
I would recommend this phone for its look and performance. :) :) :)  
 1) Best Performance in all manner like multiple app processing and playing high definition video.
2) Battery Back up is good.
3) Video clarity is awesome.
4) Dolby digital sound quality is 5 star.
5) Light weight. so easy to use.
6) charging fast
7) Audio quality is good - speaker and microphone volume level.
8) Less Pre-installed app that is good.
9) Photo quality is good as expected on this price. 
 It is good having some good features at this price. Only issue is heating. 
But overall mobile is good 
 Nice sound quality,ultimate touch.I think best phone in this price range.Also delivery is quite faster. 
 Thanks to flipkart. 
I received this mobile on 26.03.2016.
good display. good battery backup. just heating problem but it's ignorable. 
 lots of good things like
1) Full HD 1080p display
2) light weight
3) great build quality n fantastic looks ;)
4) smooth touch
5) quite fast (multitasking at ease) 
but has some problems r
1) get very worm while charging n playing heavy games
2) cant play heavy games(lags alot)
3) battery is in weaker side
should not have any issue with moderate useage.
not recommended for heavy users. 
 I am completely satisfy with this product , design , performance its value of money which i have spent  
Thanks a lot to flip-kart team for fastest delivery i got product next day morning within 24 hour after placing the order 
 Phone is like micro-oven while browsing Net and playing game.Very bad.Dont know what to do to get this fixed. 
 If you try for "Drop down" option at the top of the screen for Wifi, Bluetooth its not smooth at all. Need to drag it many times to make it happen. Camera is average. 
 Spuperb quality....
All feature are good looking nice and battery backup so strong.. I m very with this product  
 I would like to share something about my experience: 
yes it was having too much heating issues but now after updating to 2 new system updates its stable and not getting hot. 
coming to camera its awesome because you wont get such omnivision type camera at such a affordable price and with clarity much better than redmi prime,meizu m2 and other phones like micromax,lava etc. 
yes the battery life could have been much better but i am sure that this issue will also be done alright bt next update. 
display is awesome because of its 441 ppi which feels like fhd while watching movies. 
i love the dolby sound also which is clear and it really makes you feel like 3d movie watching in a threatre. 
and in performance wise its decent not too good nor too bad. 
so i would say its a decent phone.so theirs no complaint for what lenevo is giving in this price segment.so those who are giving a negative comment please try to update your phone with the 2 new system updates and you will be really satisfied with the phone. 
 This is a great phone at this price... I m fully satisfied 
only headphone is not there... have to buy good haedphone to experience dolby atmos great sound... 
 Its a wonderful and value for money product. however the weak link is its battery. i charge it in the morning, i don't play games, still it gets exhausted by evening. 
 Over all the mobile is nice in handling and performance, and under 9K.
The camera quality is good for rear camera front camera is so so....
Heating problem if low network and use more than 10 to 15 min.
Also battery drain so fast.
Lenovo must improve in this area and provide the Headset with the mobile. 
Over all product is good no wastage of Money. 
But Lenovo is good brand and must must solve the above issues.  
 Good product have some sort of heating issue but faults could be removed 
 Very good mobile within budget having all the necessary apps and with good configuration for a middle class person. 
 very good Product if u have low budget.
Only missing part are finger sensor and less space (expandable to more 16 GB only) else overall Great performance. 
 The phone is too good, worth for the money , most of the apps are pre installed , the speakers are good , hearing quality is good , camera quality is awesome . 
received the order in less than 24 hrs , excellent services as well. 
 Very Poor Camera quality
Poor Battery backup
Getting heat, when using the browsing
Looks good, no head set with the Phone. 
 As per hand set is good but heating prob found in set and bettry too fast is dim and head phone not coming in this set   
 Its a week i am using this phone now first of all i would like to thank you lenovo to launch such a crisp display phone i get my same iphone feel on it. 
Issue related with heating and all, i would suggest these people to go for nokia 1100 or 6630 etc. its a smartphone with high end processors it will generate bit heat, if u play and talk for long hours of course it will heat up. 
Battery issue, it depends upon circle to circle and carrier to carrier on what frequency is your sim working. 
Camera, in 8K if you want DSLR quality u can go for cannon 
My review I am satisfied with this phone suites my requirements and not bulky. Easy and handy fast and awesome sound quality my Iphone headsets works awesome with it 
Even i get heat up issue when i am on long office calls or reply to emails and lync on it. Its good to follow some best practices to avoid these issues. 
 Over all good phone within the budget but camera quality very poor . handy light weight sound quality very good . 
 Initially when I connected my newly purchased Lenvo k5 with wifi it becomes very hot. I afraid and demoralised. But in the next time there is no hitting issue and it's a cool mobile in all respects. 
 As in 8.5 k as aspect is good,,, camera quality not satisfactory as compare 13 mega fixal..............., other function fibulas ..... I recommended this phone. front camera also good.
battery backup also good, processor also good.
This my first day review ... ................... Sound system very nice doubly atoms ............... 
 I will truely say that i am satisfied with the mobile. There is a heating issue but it can be neglected. There is no lagging issue. Sound is amazing. Very fast charging. It will be awesome if company provide an earphone. Overall i can suggest everyone to buy this phone. Best phone for that price. Go for it. 
 looking is very nice,
performance ok,
battery life is v ... v.... v.... very worst,
camera is ok,
heating issue, 
 Camera result bit disappointed me it's look like 3mp,sharp display,excellent performance ,nice battery backup,Dolby sound  
 first of al thanks to flipkart ..i ordered on 23rd and i receive this product on 24 th..delivery very good..and packing s also good ....thanks to flip kart
coming to lenovo vibe k5 plus 
look is good ,video clarity s good,coming to camera not tat much clarity ...battery s gud....and mobile heats sometimes.....totaly not bad...light weight .good nt bad 
 Good Quality of phone But Disappointed With some issues like overheating and Camera Quality camera quality is change littile bit after update of 95mb but need more improvement 
Heating Issue is main Waiting For heating issue update And for Android 6.0 update too.
Otherwise the Phone Screen Quality And Sound Quality is Best Plus The Vibe UI is also very good No Lag Not Getting hang After Heating JustFeel Worm in Hand Touch Response Is Also very Good 
OVERALL Experience
Good Quality Built And Feels Rich in Hand With Gold Colour.
And Expecting For More Good Camera Quality 
And Heating Issue Update Which Will Make This Phone Better.   
 I bought this phone seeing the attractive specs before launch. But after I received the mobile, it does not meet up to expectation. 
Bad
------
Camera is bad
Battery takes long time to charge, no fast charger
Battery does not last long
2nd sim is only 2g support
CPU is 1.5 GHz, not 1.7 as given in specs.
Heating problem 
Good
---------
Touch screen
Display
Performance
Sound
Budget phone 
One can decide based on this.  
 THIS PHONE IS OK
CAMERA IS VERY LOW QUALITY 
RAM RUNS GOOD PLAYING GAMES IS NOT A PROBLEM
PHONE HEATS UP FASTLY
IT LOOSES CHARGING VERY FAST AND QUICK IN CHARGE 
 Lenovo is a big company.If you travel abroad and something happens there is a good chance that you can repair it there,but local companies are not entertained in other countries.Also I have tried this device with sim cards of different countries and it works well.
You can almost find all languages in the world on this phone,so if you have friend or family abroad and want to gift a phone it is a good choice. 
Camera quality is great,screen clarity is great even in sunny days.It is light weight and and almost thin.It looks great.wow what a sound.....Still I have not tried its virtual reality.in and out calls are quality and reception is great. Multi tasking is easy and thanks to its great processor 
I can not believe I got such a phone at such a prices. 
I ordered one for myself and after few days of testing it I ordered 2 more for my family members. 
If any fault in future from any of these three phones I will post it here
Thanks for reading 
Problems:
None at the moment 
 Lenovo Vibe K5 Plus is nice one but there is no earphones are giving by flipkart. Very light weight and smooth 
 Hi Guys, 
I have bought this phone looks pretty decent and good look feel and light weight. The gold color looks more furnished and premium look. 
Thinks I observed. 
Before a small update from Lenovo this phone was had heating problem, camera issues. After I updated the phone I could abserve this issue was resolved like a patch. 
Problem of heating is due to excess of RAM and Battery usage from the they very own Lenovo apps (default) like the launcher itself eats lot of RAM. Also when I try third party apps to kill the applications to an extents it works but still I could see approx. 1GB ram is still in usage. I tried all means to fix this looks those are inbuild hidden apps or Android apps or Kernel issue which has direct impact on heating related issues. 
Apart from that Nothing all are positive things to be noted yes ofcourse few people mention about the camera clarity that could have more improved as this is 13pix Cam and Dual network wise I have to manual change sim slot removing back cover if I have to switch 3G or 4G from one sim network to another sim network which I don't have option unlike other Lenovo mobiles. 
Last but not the least Lenovo launcher doesn't have App tray which is annoying and very hard to organize the apps which Icons are lying on the screen not in the Menu tray. sometimes it disappears I had to reset (This happen in my other model of Lenovo). Finally I have changed my Launcher from there own to Google which is pretty decent and saves few more ram and tried to freez Lenovo launcher which looks quit hard and I don't even have the option of disable unlike other 3rd party apps does. 
Overall decent lets see if Lenovo understands the customer choice and preference and come with more user friendly choice options and keep there OS simple, fast and with Menu tray option. 
 Camera is not so good as it should be, though it is 13mp and front 5mp, GPU (adreno 405) is good and Processor is also good. Sound quality is superb even loudspeaker is also in Dolby Digital. It gives a good sound to hear. i downloaded the "open camera" app from google play store, for the camera, it gives the good settings to use the camera. So its a problem a software for a camera from LENOVO. After all the phone is beating all phone available in Rs. 8 to 9k. 
 Pros: 
1) Light weight and sleek design
2) Battery comes for a day with a decent use with 4G 
3) Decent camera picture but the camera app is junk. We can overcome this with other camera apps
4) Good music
5) Touch performance is very smooth
6) WS retails delivered next day within 24hrs though they mentioned 5 days. 
Cons:  
1) Heating issue sometimes but less comparing to other phones
2) Ear phones not provided
3) Not much impressive on the surround sound speakers 
 Excellent product..After update note much heating issue.since the body is metallic sure that we will experience some heat dissipation But only when it's is using for a long time but it's normal.and only cons is that it's camera is not up to the mark..Performance is really awesome, Fully aluminium casing light weight,excellent display and stylish design so I will rate this 5.Don't worry it's an excellent phone in this budget.. 
 Its a nice phone, design is premium.  
Performance is good. 
Rear Camera is not good it don't detailed image even is super fine mode, if anyone is looking for a good camera this is not the right phone.  
Front cam is good. 
Battery lasts one day easily. 
Thanks 
Rishu 
 Good mobile for 8.5K
Camera is good and battery back is also OK 
The drawback is No Headset, now a days it's mandatory for everyone 
 Awesome phone, But camera quality is average and gaming graphics is good.
Lenovo didn't gave the Headset and I am not Satisfied with this... 
Over all the Mobile is good. 
 Lenovo vibe k5 plus nice mobile. 
camera is very good clarity, 
battery backup is very good. 
Speakers effect very good . 
very smoothness in mobile. internet speed 3g & 4g very fast. 
 Thanks for flipkart on time delivery.  
 I brought this lenovo vibe k5 plus on 25th March 2016, writing the review after 1week used, mobile was simply superb, 
awesome display and touch was very smooth than other mobiles, 
nice outlook, 
2gb RAM working too fastly,
Battery performance is OK, 
When I was hearing the songs in headset I felt like a theatre dts effect,
Dolby double speaker was awesome,
The one and only drawback is no headset in the box and sometimes mobile is getting heat while using 3g net,
Apart from this I was totally satisfied with this LENOVO VIBE K5 PLUS. 
excellent Mobile with reasonable COST.
Thank you LENOVO and thanks flipkart for delivered the mobile within 2days. 
 Pros:
- Good enough camera quality
- Best audio output quality. 
- Best quality in built speakers
- Good amount of memory available for applications (I have almost 7 GB available after having used memory of almost 4 GB). You won't get not enough memory problems during app installations :)
- Happy that it has detachable battery and separate memory and sim card slots
- Good performance. You don't have to wait for phone to respond to your actions.
- Display quality is good.  
Cons:
- Selfie camera quality is just good enough and can be improved further
- Though battery backup is ok and lasts for one day with good multimedia and camera usage, it could be further improved 
Summary: Good phone - value for money 
 Battery drains very quickly for normal usage work only for 12hrs. camera is average. Screen is nice sound qualty is very good sometimes lags and heats with 10 minutes usage only
2 issues only battery back up and heating 
heating issus reduced after update 
battery back up improved after installing greenify app
55% battery consumed by android system now its reduced to 5% after insttaling greenify  
 Great phone at 9k price ,yes a little problem as it heats a bit during charging..but otherwise great features and a satisfactory camera too.. 
 Good Phone but very poor camera quality. Good looks and great resolution.......................................................................................... 
 Phone is good all things Camera Touch Processor Battery Backup
Only there is a single problem Heating Issue 
 CAMERA QUALITY IS VERY BAD BATTERY BACKUP IS GOOD AND SOUND IS AWESOME OVERALL GOOD PRODUCT EXCEPT CAMERA . 
 Battery temperature is too high tried with all the apps of battery coolers still the phone is getting heat and primary camera is not good. except these issues, remainign software and features are good. 
 I GOT THIS PHONE IN THE FIRST SELL AS I BOOKED THIS ON TIME
1. delivery is quite normal (not good)
2. sound is really awesome
3 camera works good for selfy lover but back camera is belowe average just approx. 5mp
4. touch is smooth
5. FULL HD screen is really wonderful
6. screen quality is nice
Although the phone is very awesome in their price range only the back camera is very disappointing. BUT my suggestion is positive with this phone.
YOU CAN BUY IT IF YOU ARE 5INCH SCREEN LOVER INSTEAD OF 5.5INCH 
 Good phone 
 Very good..
Mobile is very good most important it's display it very good.. No heating issue on 3g just received two update use lot up time on net..its very nice .. 
 A new model of Lenovo brand smart phone is Lenovo VibeK5plus . This good one among Lenovo branded smart phone & it is not very costly . Quality is very good, 2 GB RAM & 16GB IN Bilt,Camera quality is very Good, also DOLBY loud speaker sound is very nice and sweet. Standby of battery about 48 hour after one time full charging. Golden co lour set is looking very stylish, picture quality is also good. I will recommend you this phone. Lenovo service center every part of India and there service is also good. I will give it 4.0 stars out of 5 stars, 
 good piece. 
fast processor but not for heavy users. 
battery heats up but, cools down fast. 
charges fast. decent back-up.
light weight.  
 Camera is OK, not so good. touch sensitivity is less. phone gets heated while updating apps. battery issue. 
 Dolby atmos is good, camera is average, that too in HDRmode, 
theater max is awesome, display is good 
only heating issues, takes more downloading time, if goriila glass is there means it would be perfect for the display. 
u may go for those feautures.... 
 Pros:- Excellent touch response, FHD display, silver color is good, Rebooting smoothly, overall rating 10/10 
Cons:- Heating in multitasking, battery backup is less 
 Awesome product by lenevo and very good service from filpkart
I book my phone on 23-032016 and flipkart deliver this on 25-03 2016
thanks flipkart for awesome service  
 Using this phone since 5 days. Brought the phone in the first flash sale. See the pros and cons below: 
PRO's:
1. Sturdy Metal Aluminium look
2. 1.5 Ghz Qualcomm Snapdragon 616 octa core processor
3. 441 ppi display gives the phone a superb and bright crisp display.
4. Dolby Atmos speakers and VR support - Just love this feature. The speaker sound is ultra loud and clear.
5. Good Camera. Although not as great as compared to One Plus phones but a decent one. Works up to the mark in low light as well. Front Camera is also good.
6. Very few Bloatwares. 
Cons:
1. Heating issue even if the battery is 2750MAh. Could be more.
2. Ram could have been 3 GB. only 800-900 MB is available RAM.
3. No Bluetooth headset support. Cannot connect bluetooth headphones.
4. No back lights for feather touch panel (Back/Home button).
5. Flash could have been double LED.
6. No Power Saving option available.
7. Devoid of gesture control and Touch to wake screen not available.
8. Battery Backup is not that great. Works for a day under moderate usage. 
Although the price you are getting this phone for, overcomes most of the cons. Rs. 8500 is really good for this phone.
Can go for it.  
 Phone has a smart look and a sleek body. Front and rear camera quality is very good. Reasonable price. 
 I am using lenovo vibe k5 plus from last 5 days . Batter backup is nice i.e for 2 days on 3G . No heating issue . best part is its screen - its so responsive and soft touch . Phone is a light weight phone . Speaker and sound is also good 
 Only negative point is the camera i.e camera quality is not good as boasted of 13mp camera . 
I would suggest to buy , because at this price its the best buy. 
 I am writing this review after using this phone for 3 days. This is good phone to use , with good primary and secondary camera. Sound quality is as good as of Sony (that I was using from past 5 years). Processor and other hardware work awesome. Light weight, good packing, good color.Battery is working nice.  
What we miss in the box is earphone. Which might have given some extra bonanza to the buyers. 
 Was shocked to see a bulge battery received in the package, as soon as i switched on the phone the temperature of the phone reached 43 C(even though the internet was off),which was not a sign of relief.So seeing it i have to request for refund of my money.  
 Phone tooo muchh hitting, you can not talk without headphone. and when we open front camera cell lagging. other functionality is good. 
 First I wanna tell u the visitor Jo ap Jana chahte hai mai batata hu 
Heating issue hai par but thoda SA 
Par performance to baap hai no hanging problem I played mortal combat 5 Nova 3 and many games performance was good screen quality awesome full HD 440ppi 
 Good phone but camera is worst.
In specs it is specified that camera is 13 mp but image quality is worse than a 5 mp camera image. 
 Awesome screen inline with Samsung super amoled. display. No lags. Light weight with metal body. 
There are no headphones with this phone. As it has dolby sound, you should buy a good headphones like Bose to enjoy dolby sound. There is not any gorilla glass, but flipkart is giving screen guard complimentary with this phone ( this is not mentioned on flipkart). 
For people who are not finding camera quality upto mark , should try open cam. Image quality are much better with this app.
I have ordered VR glasses separately, as this phone is coming with theatremax support. So will post review with VR glasses. 
 display is good, hangs if i press home button then i have to reboot it, 1.5 ghz processor not 1.7 as listed, over heats a lot while charging, camera is good 
 The Phone i have purchased first day i am very interesting look wise very good and light weight but SIM 2 is 2G support and not coneected the network and camera not good quality and sound effective is good in put the full value if decrease the half the value is very slow bad to hear the songs or voice compare to samsung galaxy S duos with 5 maega pixal camera is very good. 
 Hi all, 
I have ordered this on 23-Mar-2016 Flip kart, but I received yesterday only. Was excited when I have it on my hand. But had little fear to open this coz so many of written about this phone like camera not good and heating prbm. So thought to return and purchased wrong one. Finally I convinced myself and switch on the mobile and use it since yesterday evening to till this morning continuously. I didn't feel any prbm such as heating..., but CPU not 1.7Ghz its 1.5Ghz..., Will write more about this phone once completely understand and finalized. 
So far this is the best phone for this cost...
Hope don't get hesitate and fear to buy this one.... 
Worth to buy..... 
 Light weight. 
Display very nice 
Good battery backup for normal use. (My usage it lasted 2 days. 1.5 hour on calls. 2-3 hours youtube. And 1 hr on Whatsapp, around 20 pictures.) 
I did not observe any overheating as some are claiming. Except while it booted for the very first time. 
Sound is good but not great. 
UI is lightweight. Not much customisation or themes available. 
You have 1.1 GB free RAM. And ~10 GB free space. 
Camera is not great. 
 I am using Lenovo Vibe K5 Plus for a couple of days. First impressions here.
Flipkart delivery was exemplary; received the mobile 3 days ahead of committed date. 
Lenovo Vibe K5 Plus is a reasonable package for the price. I repose more trust on a global brand like Lenovo than some of the other emerging manufacturers. My experience with the mobile has been very satisfactory. Battery lasts a day and more even with the initial enthusiasm in exploring all the features. I haven't seen any heating issue so far. I am got a gamer, though.
Call quality is decent compared to my frustration with a Lumia before. The screen is crisp and super smooth and touch response is spot-on. This mobile is really light, so no worries about long duration calls ! 
I have my reservations about the build quality. My guess is this phone will visually age faster than some of the Rs.10K+ phones that are more sturdy. 
Front camera is not impressive. Rear camera images are good for routine sharing. I don't anyway expect the camera sensor to be great at this price point.  
 I have made a good choice. At this price, we are getting a good spec and its worth buying as compared to other brands right now. Sound quality is quite good. 
 No doubt it is budget phone giving you the features of 13k but after compromising with the quality, All is good, Camera is below average, Trust me it does not heat much, Look is great. but if you want quality go with samsung. 
 The product is very good from first look and performs well compared to the price. The main problem is it it getting overheated 
 This Phone is a very good product.As you know every product has its own merits and demerits.Except for some heating and battery backup rest all is impressive.
NOT Everything True As in specs:RAM,Memmory,Processor 
 Sexy Luk, fast processer, avg camera, avg battery, moneyworthy...  
 its been two days i am using this phone so far it was good , but now i am facing a problem with wifi connection , though wifi is connected i am not able use it nor able to access the playstore. is there a solution for this , does anyone face the same problem!!?? 
 overall good budget mobile but....
Negatives:
1. Heating problem while charging and while browsing...
2. Battery standby less even though 2750mah need to charge daily though less usage on internet- not happy with battery.
Positives:
1. Camera good.
2. Mobile looks stylish and very good.
3. sound excellent. 
 Pros:
-Awesome Sound (Dolby Atmos)
-Very Good Looks
-Very Good Touchscreen
-Good Battery Backup
-Light Weight 
Cons:
-No Stock Headphone
-Worst Camera not as 13MP Camera in Other Phone
-Its Octa Core 1.5GHz Processor not 1.7GHz as Flipkart displays on website 
 display is as great.
sound loud and clear
normally heat but all over is super go for it ........................................................................ 
 I have ordered Lenovo Vibe K5 Plus on 23rd March and received on 27/03/2016.
Flipkart has always been great when it comes to delivery side. 
After about 36hrs of usage i am writing this review: 
Good part of phone:
1. Extremely Lightweight
2. No software bloatware
3. Performance is great but not great for heavy users.
4. Front camera is also good.
5. Notification light is also good.
6. Call reception & network is also good.
7. Dolby when has been awesome have used it with normal nokia headphones it still deliverys great.
8. Opening apps and switching between them has been with no lag. (there is lag but it is considerable)
9. Around 1 GB ram is always free which is the best part. 
Bad part of phone:
1. Heating issues (has been low since the 75MB update but still heating feels if used for more than 10mins continuously)
2. Back camera is not up to the mark but front camera is okay.
3. If it was 4000mah battery we would have got more of it. 2700mah is okay for a full day. 
Verdict:
I primarliy use Twitter a lot, it is an awesome phone for light users and not recommended for heavy users.  
***UPDATE: AFTER A 93MB UPDATE on 29/03/2016 heating issue has been completely solved. 
 Comparatively good phone in price range. Satisfactory camera, unwanted apps can be removed. Overall good phone at this price. 
 Appreciate prompt customer service from flipkart & Lenovo, 
3 star for product & 4 star for service. 
Product is decent at this price tag. 
 AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME
ULTIMATE MOBILE IN THIS RANGE
LOOK IS VERY NICE
I LOVE LENOVO.....
DISPLAY IS VERY NICE
MUSIC, VIDEO QUALITY AWESOME
ALL THING IS BEST  
 Spec is good, very light weight But only thing is camera quality is not in tat leve and battery heating issue. 
 thanks flipkart for the fast delivery.. I've been using the phone for 2 days, there was slight heating during charging only during for time charging. I love the phone, no lagging nice for gaming, sleek and classy, camera is not that as i've expected but it's fine nice dolby atmos. battery need to be charge at least once a day.. go for it guys... 
 Fast delivery from Flipkart! Awesome camera-both front and back. No lagging for general use. Screen quality is superb. Dolby Atmos is amazing. Ergonomic design. No significant heating during heavy usage. Worth a buy at this price point. 
 Best product in 8.5k when compared to all the budget phones like lenovo it is very decent phone with best features but only problem is over heating while charging but all are good for this price primary camera is best but front camera is shaking while rotating here and their.screen resolution is clear and crisp and MAINLY DOLBY ATMOS SOUND IS GREAT 
 Thank u flipkart and WS retail for faster delivery...
Hi guys...
For me this device is VFM..
It has great display.. Sound quality is awesome...and it has decent battery life..better than my previous phone..
Ppl were saying that it has poor camera..yea indoor it doesn't work well but outdoor it is actually good...my sister has moto x play which has 21MP camera.. I compared vibe k5 plus with moto x play..photo clarity is good..I would say above avg...front cam also...but x play is a clear winner.. It has 21MP???.
It has some heating issue..but its common nowdays phone bellow 10k have heating issue..
Rating:
Display-9/0
Sound-9/10
Battery-7/10
Camera-7/10 
I was disappointed...in spec lenovo specified that vibe k5 plus has 2GB of ram but it has only 1.8GB of ram...  
 nice look, excellent performance, good camera, clear voice. and everything is supreb. battery backup is good. it have passed 24 hrs from my last charging and we can make call right now. 
 it is very good looking stylish phone but not contains head set but website says contain headset sound quality superb positive delivery good price camera superb every thing superb but their is gesture setting  
 Phone is working well but how I realise dolbby sound without. Ear phone..no ear phone I have received with phone 
 under 9k this is best phone ..
- its camera quality is better than lenovo k3 note 
- sound quality is awesome 
- touch is very good
- phone look is very good compare to other lenovo phone
- and the new snapderagon adreni graphicsversion is better than amr mali graphics 
-display is high definition clarity 
- heating issue but it is not very high problem heat is slightly lower 
 The phone looks very good. Performance is good. But camera quality is really poor. There are some heating issues too. But overall i'm very happy with this phone. 
 Good look,decent camera
But battery disappoint,
Fingerprint sensor is not there,Heat quickly as much as of use,Dolby sound is good.
But overall a worth to buy at 8.5k 
 I got product within a day and its features are just ultimate. Touch screen and sound is just awesome.. go for it 
 Good phone in this price range.
The 1.7 GHz octa core processor makes it fast.no lags after 1 day of usage. 
Heating - yes it is heating.Only an OTA update can resolve this problem. 
Camera- good shots in daylight and lighted area.gives hazy photos in night.
If you are a camera lover,then don't go for it. 
Display- Sharp display due to high PPI and resolution graphics are intense because of anderno GPU 405 
Packaging - good packaging by flipkart 
Overall a good budget phone under 10 k 
This phone downloads a 75 MB update when stared for the first time  
 Super experience the true sound batter life is good.......... 
 Really good phone great performance but has lags while playing heavy games like FIFA 16 but does not have marshmallow update like lenovo k3 note 
 It is very good mobile having just extremely heating problem on the day first come to me but it is a very useful and budgeted mobile in this price.  
 Great look, Slim and compact to our hands. Camera quality is also fine. But only one problem in this handset is getting too much heat. 
 After about 24 hours of usage, I consider this is average mobile.
pros are clear : hardware at cheaper price, appearance, theatre max technology, strong processor etc.
cons : 
I found that phone is heating with WiFi or mobile network or Phone calls of more than 5 minute.. but it is not behaving the same way everytime.. 
I tried with WiFi ON for about 2 hours, heating was not abnormal,, but after sometime even for 5 min call, it got heated up more.. network was also good. 
So still the phone is kept under observation.. If i find it good, i will retain otherwise, i will return. 
 I purchased this as an upgrade to Lenovo A6000+. lenovo has taken a step further in design of this phone. display quality is good. since writing this review on the very first day so no glitch observed yet, will surely updated if found one. Delivered on time. 
 I just got it yesterday & so far its feels like a Great Phone..Value for Money, Probably within this budget you wont get this configuration anywhere ! 
 Look and feel, sound good, but heating like anything while charging, or if you operate continuously. 
Though having 4G sim, net plan from Voda but phone is picking only 3G signal in middle of mumbai. No any guideline or help files available on how to do. 
Thinking of returning or to keep? depending upon continuation of heating issue and LTE showing up in screen 
 If this is having 13mp than at least if take photo in day light file size should be min 4mb. 
But it is showing only 400kb, itmeans not even 5mp also. 
Looks wise good but not up to the mark with camera. 
Dont buy if u r lookin for cam. 
 Camera poor. Heating like iron. Hanging sometimes. Wrost phone I ever purchased. 
 Flipkart Not Good, Not Buy Any Item For FLIPKART, FLIPKART Not Refund My Mony, And Bad Service Bad Prodect for Flipkart... 
 This product is too worst........ Even though flipkart service tooo... I bought this product 20 days back. I found the software problem & i replaced the product i found the same problem on the replaced one tooo. And i kept a request to take product back but there is no response from flipkart... 
 Charging point is on the top of phone due to that there is every chance of call hearing speaker give brusting sound like in my phone. One basic most important feature which is hearing call is damaged in 10 days u can thing of other quality of this China made phone. My advice is not to buy even in 5000 perks that is also a wastage. Heating up battery back up less are other lack up point of this phone. Overall lenovo quality is very low inspite of that ASUS phones are better in quality in same price.  
 i am use Lenovo Vibe K5 Plus 60 day use phone lcd & Touch pad not working but service center in no respond 
 Please don't buy this phone .....
It doesn't work as ordinary phone it get heated upto 48" c. During net surfing, gamng and if u use it while charging it get hang and work by itself 
 it is normal mobile no better options its look like a basic mobile in smartmobile. but average users it is suitable not for seeing options it will disappoint 
 after receiving just 4 days from flipkart ago i observe my mobile kf plus is restarting many times in interval. pl. solve the problem if any 
 This is similar to chines product, This is match the Lenovo quality parameters.
We are already using the P1m Lenovo phone,  
We are expecting more features & functions. 
 I bought this phone 2months back, I am facing lot of issues with the Phone 
1. Phone is simply getting over heat if I use internet for more than 15mins (Wifi or mobile Data)
2. Battery backup is too worst, it is not as promised.
3. Phone is getting hang when receiving calls, and even doing outgoing calls.
4. All of sudden phone display will change to black, nothing will be displayed 
I took it to service center, he told there is Mother Board issue, which have to replace. Its been 16 days, they have did nothing, Service center people and Customer Service executives are helpless. There is no proper Customer support from Lenovo. They simply minting money by selling defect products, and making customers as dogs by simply asking to visit here and there and asking to call different numbers to get support. But there is nothing. So better don't go with the Lenovo Product and don't become dogs. 
I would have rate Less than 1 and even 0 for this product, but system don't have that functionality 
 Flipkart disappointed a lot by replacing the first phone Lenovo K5 Plus with scratches after a long time duration. Now the second phone was also defective and overheated in few minutes while charging, browsing or playing game. Whenever I call there customer care executive says that Sir there is some technical problem in their company so kindly call after 1-2 hours. There return policy is two poor. Never purchase product from flipkart.
No rating at all......
Poor Poor Poor...... 
 Don't dare to buy the Mobile from Flipkart,The Return policy is totally fake 
Recently i Purchased Lenovo k5 mobile which has a problem in it ,so created replacement request before 6 days ago they said our customer care representative will contact you on the next day ,while i am in driving next day i got a call so i unable to answer the call even i tried to call back but it doesn't work.Finally two days back i received a call from them side ,While i trying to tell my problem they are simply saying silly reasons and trouble shooting problems like reboot your mobile ,Try battery saver apps .I completed my b Tech in CSE so i know how to use a android .The problem is the Battery it is completely draining with in 4 hours even just making calls and browsing,The customer care said that we will contact your tomorrow and check with that silly troubleshoot issues.After disconnecting the call i received a message saying that the seller was not accepting the replacement request and so we are closing your replacement request. 
This is totally un fair,If they cant replace /Refund the amount why they are promising and cheating customers .I have all call records and even the messages of them,i will compliant in consumer court 
so please don't buy from flipkart 
 my phone's microphone not working properly ! i cant hear while i am on the phone ! i think the quality is poor ! dont know its on flipkart or lenovo but the product lenovo k5 plus is not as i expected ! i am returning the product ! 
 Raised refund request due to not working properly..
But no one contacted me..worst service from flipkart..
Previously 6 months before flipkart service was very good... 
 camera quality very low .but looking wise good .-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 the phone does not give what it is mentioned.
the 13 mp primary camera is taking pictures like a 5 mp camera and does not give any clarity at all.
the most important part.
it gets heated even if we download an app.
Please don't go for this product, it will be a complete waste of your hard earned money 
 Dear this Mobile is not good and charger of this mobile was very defective 
 Its a really bad product I have ever seen.I was faced with an issue that its mother board was damaged.So,that the memory card slot doesn't working and discharging automatically while of isn't in use.LENOVOs one of the great invention in very bad phones list .Also flipkart going so much return regarding it.I lost my rupees 653 by bringing back cover,tempered glass and memory card for this pity phone.Its not a phone,its a waste for time and money. 
 Don't buy any lenovo phone...it is over heating and camera is very bad 
 It's totally a waste product
It's temperature is always high nearly 45C and company says it is normal...
Camera has no quality OPPO phones 8 MP is much CLR and better then it's 13 MP
And front is of no use 
It come to me damaged from left top ...
And flipkart denied my replacement 
Do not buy this...and don't buy phone from flipkart their return policy is a fake.....hated the phone hated the flipkart.... 
 not gud ....
it gets heated up even after updating it ....
camera is fine but not gud ,yet phone getting heated up is major problem ! 
 I have bought phone and found heating problem logged call to solve the problem flipkart person visited and said we can't replace as heating not showing 45 and above. My phone heating when I checked it goes to 41. And more than 45 during charging. You can't take phone after charging for 20 min till heating slows down. You can't play any games as heating problem. I request do not buy phone as flipkart is cheating with us and lenovo knows that users are facing problem but they are not providing any solution. Never buy from flipkart any lenovo product.  
 Waste of money  
First of all within 10 minutes of switching on the phone it starts getting heat and secondary the camera is worst so not preferable to anyone rather select some other model 
 Battery draining fast no backup and heat a lot and flipcart customer service is too poor. 
 It does not actually feel like a Rs9k phone, the body feels like cheap plastic and is flimsy. And one other issue happened with the phone i ordered was that the earpiece speaker stopped working on the second day. Speaks oodles of the chinese brand, maybe they should learn something from Xiaomis. 
 Feature is doubly sound but without handsfree/earphone how can be justified. So feeling cheated after purchasing. 
 i didnt get even head set and my phone lost display after 4 months even nothing done by me.i have taken the phone to the near lenovo care centre no use of them so i have threw my phone some where 
 Within 2 months network problem (no signal) .Contacted service center they said board problem and am waiting more than 3 weeks for spare, till now service not done. Worst quality brand with worst customer support. They won't attend call we want go directly to service center they repeatedly asking wait for a week time.instead of buying lenovo we can buy China mobile @ cheap rate. 
 Display and sound quality is nice, but it heats a lot and musics tend to get crack on music player whenever I try to open gallery, battery performance is average. I've got some UI lag too, take way more time to installing apps 
 I have been using this phone from past 01 month, the phone has seroius problems such as very low sound in Receiver, Network going off in SIM1. The phone is pathetic and so is the Service Centre of Lenovo. Please do buy it 
 Don't buy this product from Flipkart at least. XXX
Worst service I could see from flipkart these days.
With no information, return req is cancelled at first.
When raised again, they call me everyday and tell that we will solve the problem. Its been over a week now, I might date someone soon if they keep calling me like this. 
:D  
Worst possible service by flipkart. Keep it up. 
 i parched this phone from flipkart
and i found it is very bad phone
bad camera as his megapixal
heating alot
but best thing is light weight
resolution is too good
battery back up is bad 
 This phone having issue with every touch, even if I want to open any menu it will take time for loading and then the page is opening, even contact, message, call log, etc. etc. 
And I requested it for return, and the Flipkart executive called and speak in English/Hindi, they dont know any other Indian languages. They rejected my return request for I dont know the language of English/Hindi. Now totally 8500 loss for me. 
To Flipkart, 
Please help me to save my money.  
 Data Connectivity Problem, Battery Draining Fast , Poor Camera , If You want to purchase this phone dont't do that 
 this is not so good but always heating while playing youtube video, video-recording and gaming.
battery life is very little.
camera result is not perfect 13 megapixel but I think 5-8 megapixel 
 Hi All, 
Do NOT BUY this filthy, OVERHEATING phone even at 5000. This is a heater and not phone. Flipkart does not take this back once you have bought, so think 10000 time before you decide for this product. 
I am stuck and flipkart is proving me an idiot after buying this phone. 
After ever 24 hrs their agent calls, give miss call and send another message that we will contact you in next 24 hrs. 
I repeat for buyers interest, PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS DABBA PHONE. RATHER PAY LITTLE BIT MORE, GO ONE SHOP AND BUY GOOD SAMSUNG PHONE.
THIS IS TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY.
FLIPKART WILL MAKE YOU FOOL ONCE YOU HAVE ALREADY BOUGHT THIS.
NO MATTER WHATEVER HAPPNES, THEY WILL NOT TAKE THIS BACK. 
 i have purchased this on 27th may, i got delivery on 30th may 2016, but the mobile has problem with speakers, i raised the request to exchange but Flipkart people REJECTED my request and they did some smart check in online they told there was no problem, But i asked them take the physical technical check then you people can know the the mobile has defect or not.. so they arranged tech visit on sunday 5th june 2016, they did not come, again i called they arranged the visit on monday june 6th 2016, even they did not come..
what a service from FLIPKART.. this is worst response and worst service from any other online shopping sites... 
 on the day one i found it poor battery and i need to put thrice time for a single day.. Worst network signal.. i returned the product.. Ratherthan its a nice phone with full Hd.. 
 only thing i loved in this phone is its dolby digital sound quality. Rest is average.
Flipkart service is great..................................................................................  
 Want to give negative rating but no option available so giving you 1 star and reason behind this is your fake commitments about after sale services and liar customer support 
 good phone
............................................................................................................................................................................... 
 I have requested a return for Lenovo mobile before 12 days and they said engineer will come by 2-3 days but after a week he didnt come, also they are not contacting again. I have called to customer support as well but they are not giving a proper answer. 
I will not prefer Flipkart any more. Worst buying experience. 
 i got from flipkrt and next day the phone was available, but it heat too much without any app download and later i had a hassal with flipkart to return it, pathetic service by flipkart and also lenovo i never thought they will get the product like this 
 Phone is getting hanged in between if u are doing anything and getting switched off also. It's not a good phone. I bought this on 24 april and i m not satisfied with this.I want to exchange this but flipkart rejeted the request. 
 I had purchase Lenovo K5 from Flipkart and as per reviews, it's heating problem is resolved with new updated from lenovo. But don't see any improvement. Even I talk on phone for 10-15 min or even playing 1 Video on Youtube will heat Mobile like anything. 
So I requested for returning a product , I got 3-4 calls from Flipkart but unable to communicate due to technical issues. Next Day I could communicate to FLipkart but they wanted to some troubleshooting using Flipkart's tool. THe reprentative promised me that he will contact me on Saturday but I didn't receive any call. Sunday Morning I saw i missed call from them and SMS saying that "We would like to let you know that your return request for Order OD106110251566911001 has been disapproved since the issue has been resolved through troubleshooting by our executive."  
This decicion is taken by Flipkart WITHOUT troubleshooting my mobile. 
I never expected such kind of Poort Service from Flipkart. I hope proper action will be taken by FLipkart on this . 
 Poor camera... not worthy what i thought earlier............ 
 This Phone reaches 50 degree approx. This is not good for us. Don't Buy This.
After updation it has same issue. 
 i brought this mobile,its not even 24 hr i got issue in mobile.mobile was going to silent mode,if u picked a call u will not able to hear voice of callers.then u hv to reset after 1 day same issue.i replaced but i got same excat issue in replacement mobile.i suffered so...so i suggest never buy this mobile. 
 dont buy this product i replaced this item 2 times its hanging network not available some time means it some times we ask not reachable in network available areas also 
 Hi friends don 't buy the products from flip cart they make u fools.
They wont replace the products once they sold.
plse see the product first and give money . 
 Like wise phone is good in specifications and looks but i suppose hardware quality is not good ... as its Camera says 13 MP but results are some what of 8 MP ... front cam says 5 MP its good then 3 MP but does not touch 5 MP.. further it has two speakers with Dolby but when played in full voice it vibrates in you hand like hell due to which u have to reduce volume, that means this feature is no useable ...  
The main issue i observed on my phone is MIC, its poor quality as opposite end persons complains again and again for my voice to them is very slow and unclear .. this is really pathetic, as like come on man i had purchased Phone and not Tablet or any IPOD for entertainment if voice is not clear then why should i have this phone ? .. hence i had opted for return the product and demanding for refund.   
 Dear getting very worst battary life .
i have maximum application blacklisted & auto start of apps also stopped .
mobile data is on only for 1 hour , talk on phone 1.5 hour .
in between bluetooth / wifi / hot spot / Radio / playstore / mobile data full off .
still not getting battary left .
and mobile getting heated during 10/15 minutes conversation .it feel too much irritating .
all other features are very good like screen resolution , music , RAm , touch ,looks ETC .
call sound clearity also too good but goes on grading of i spek for 10 minutes continoiusly . 
you aksed for hardware version as i purchased after 1 may 2016 lenovo A6020a46 is model number . and i have fully updated my mobile (no updates pending ) . 
battary lasts for 8/9 hours And flipcart refuses to refund money . they are ready to give another mobile but same k5 note vive plus .
actually 2700 mah battary is insufficiant for QHD screen & All sensors like gyroscope,magnetic,compass , so battary consumpetion is high & FAst .  
 I want to buy a golden 1 but when I can't get it and when I saw offer of 500 discount I just make it and order for Silver one there is nothing to worry about it but camera can be better. 
 The phone is getting too much heat. Within 2 days of purchase I faced issue with sim detection. Tried with multiple sims and tried for factory reset too. Nothing worked. 
Now initiated product return. There is no option for zero rating so giving 1. 
 Over heating is been observed in the phone. When I tired to replace the set flipkart said they will change the if at anytime the temperature goes near 48 degree Celsius that means almost your ear should get red and hot while talking but the company won't replace. Currently my phone is showing 41.8degree temp. 
Battery performance is below average when it comes to 4G network usage. 
Phone hangs and restarts automatically. 
I have been using phone since last 2 months and and noted the heating issue in very 1st week. 
DON'T BUT SUCH PHONES. PREFER OTHER BRANDS. 
 think 10000 times before placing the order, have ordered twice both the time dead handset recived , had to go through lots of harassment for refund from Flipkart... 
 Camera is not 13 mp...that's only 8 mp...camera is so bad....i want to return that.. 
 there is heating problem ,battery is not good you have to charge it 3 times in a day and first day hanging issue i never suggest any one to purchase it 
 group of cheats.
worst phone 
worst after sale support
shopping from flipkart turning into a worst nightmare 
 Ultimate phone with many features at this cost, slight heating effect , body is not metal, 
Phone comes with Charger, Data Cable, Battery(li-ion 2750 mah), Screen Guard and guide book also warranty card but not with earphones, Dolby effect is good.look wise it is fabulous, Good display & Good touch response 
 touch problem after latest update, thiknking about to return my product which i received yestarday, 
 its heat too much and 2 star for his body ..................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... 
 heating problems very serious. auto restarts during the work specially when we switch from phone memory to sd card or vice versa. 
 lenovo headphone not geting............................................................................................................ 
 I received Lenovo K5 Plus mobile phone on 31-05-2016.
Kindly find the below observation : 
Pro : 
1) Phone looking so good. Premium Aluminium body
2) Light Weight. No burden in your pocket.
3) Sound Quality is extraordinary. Digital Dolby Atmos - Dual Speaker. Theater Effect.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Con :
1) When I started mobile its getting heat so much.
2) Sound volume decrease automatically while hearing song / Watching Videos.
3) 16 GB Rom --> Only 11 GB Usable
4) BAD Experience with camera --> Very Poor resolution though its having 13 MP
 I have purchased specially for camera. Very dissatisfied with the camera resolution.
5) Home Screen Picture not able to set properly on middle.
6) Hands free not provided with the mobile phone.
7) Full Charging taking 2 hours and 30 minutes. [0-100 %] 
I have requested to refund the amount so i can purchase another mobile phone. But customer care executive said it is not possible and they are arranging technician at my home to check the mobile phone. 
It is your decision to purchase or not. I have provided my review to you all. 
Thanks : Sandeep Chauhan 
 After lot of review I have bought this phone at Rs.7950 in one day delivery. It's really worth for money. After update (110 mb) no heating issues. Camera good. Look and feel very good. Little sleep from hand. Battery lasting upto 18 hrs with heavy WiFi use. Totally worth for money. 
 Only downside is Cost we pay for 5" 1080P screen compared to other phones in market seems to be bit high. otherwise happy with the phone. 
 camera not good ......................................................................................................................... 
 very bad ,very very over heating and battery is coming only 4 hours only donot buy lenovo phone please requestly i tell 
 I bought the phone during the 3 big billion days in May and to my surprise the final price after the sale is same as before. Flipkart reduced the old phone buy back by Rs 500 and gave a discount of Rs 500 during the same. After the sale the buy back amount has gone back to the original and the discount is removed. Net Net during discount sale and post discount not difference... did not expect this from Flipkart... why do you call it a sale and cheat people 
 Delivered in a day. Just love the metallic finish. Go for it if u planned to do so. 
 I am using this phone since last two weeks, I am facing issue with the ringtone volume, sometimes sound of ringtone is very low, sometimes its not audible at all, Sometimes it works fine. 
I have contacted Flipkart thrice for replacement of the phone, but they are rejecting replacement.  
Its an unpredicatble behavior of the phone, so i asked them to replace the phone. 
This is annoying behavior of flipkart. 
If you( Flipkart) are not able to do the replacement, then stop writing 30 Days replacement Policy on product.  
SMARTCHECK IS ALSO INSTALLED, BUT AS I SAID ITS AN UNPREDICTABLE BEHAVIOR OF MOBILE, AT THE TIME OF USING SMARTCHECK THE RINGTONE VOLUME WAS FINE, BUT AFTER SOMETIME RINGTONE VOLUME BECAME LOW. 
I REQUEST YOU TO (FLIPKART), PLEASE DO THE NEEDFUL. 
I DONT HAVE THAT MUCH TIME TO GO LENOVO SERVICE CENTER TO CHECK THE ISSUE, AS YOU HAVE MENTIONED ON PRODUCT AS 30 DAYS REPLACEMENT POLICY , PLEASE REPLACE MY MOBILE.  
ITS AN FAULTY MOBILE. 
PLEASE STOP CHEATING CUSTOMER.  
 Over Heating Issue like iron.
Problem not solver after update n not proper solution given by flipkart.
dont buy from flipkart  
 As in list earphone is there but when i received the earphone was not der this the second time flipkart is cheating 
 Phone is value for the money but my charger is not working. Its been only 1 1/2 month and it stopped charging my phone. From where i have to exchange it? 
 Hi,
I purchased Lenovo Vibe k5 Plus on 10-04-2016 with order id OD405698858388003000. After 10 days, phone started to show many problems which are new to their kinds. The phone started to get heat up while in use.
Everytime if I am talking on it or checking Whatsapp, Facebook or Video Call, it is getting unbearable hot. I tried to to a reboot, but was of no use. There is one more issue, if I am talking to someone on phone and i have to use screen for keypad or conference call, the screen is not working. I called customer service 6 TIMES in span of 10 Days (03May to 13May). itreid to refund it with flipkart, and everytime the straight way denied. Instead they ask me to take this phone to service center. There i visited couple of times and everytime the formatted my phone. And, the worst part was they asked me to formato my phoe every time I make a call. 
Flipkart and Lenovo are not at all trustworthy. Within two months of this purchase, iI had it.
Now flipkart is denying to do any help in this.
Please people do not buy this product and we should stop blind trusting Flipkart. they are not at all to be trusted no more. 
 Hi .. 
Am Vijai From (Erode) Tamilnadu, Am Getting This Mobile Few days.. At The First Time Am Very Suffer About The Heating Issue. Am Contact The Lenovo Support He Told .. Kindly Update The System Software .. Its Setting -> About -> Update Software .. Once Am Download 52Mb Data And Update My Mobile .. Am Freeze .. about Chillness Of My Mobile .. Its Awesome Update .. The Update Solved My All Mobile Problems .. Am Frankly Say Its Awesome Quality Mobile Am Getting Better Battery Performance .. Little Bit Quality Issue About Camera .. But Othervice The Style And Perfomance ... Super ... I Support this Mobile 
 Even after many bad reviews i decided to buy this phone hoping OS upgrade will resolve all the issue. But it didn't happen that way... Giving it 1 star as it is only good for watching movies/videos, thats it. 
Major issues (for day-to-day usage):
1. Main-Menu does not exist, all app in home-screen.
 - That means no shortcuts, just all app icons exist in multiple screen. You need to re-arrange them everythime you install some important app.
2. No indication for percentage of battery charge remaining.
 - By seeing icon on top panel you need to guess. Dropping the panel and Battery icon not visible, gone !! You can otherwise Navigate to search for Settings -> About -> Status -> Battery info. REALLY ??
3. Horrible rear camera. completely waste
 - Does not even produces an average photo in daylight. Pixels are broken, quality is worst, color is very different than actual. Good for nothing. Can be used for car dashboard camera only. Front camera will make you less unhappy, not bad but not good as well.
4. Bluetooth is not actully switches On from top panel
 - Even you switched On from top panel, this device is not listed in other phone. You need to open the Bluetooth settings and then only it appears !! Huh... Lenovo what is the point in making On/Off from top panel then ??
5. Touch is not responsive in corner side
 - While typing in keypad, many times while switching to Numbers/Letters the Bottom-Left corner soft-key is not unresponsive. Need to do hard-press or center touch. 
I bought Samsung On5 in same price, the camera is 10 times better than this and zero heating issue (except touch is bad). My 4 years old Samsung Y with 2MP camera produces similar (little less) quality photos, honestly speaking... 
Other Issues:
1. The power button seems like little pressed inside (how it becomes after using a phone for years). Must be a manufacturing detect of the piece i received.
2. Color is not exactly grey, but with little blueish flavour.
3. Heated up with some 10/15 minute web surfing over WiFi
4. Sometimes while installing Apps from PlayStore the screen brightness automatically increases. Not sure if software or hardware issue. 
I am not using this phone as decided to return it and go for other model/brand. Lets see what Flipkart policy says on this. Guys, out there many good phones in same range, PLEASE DO NOT TAKE RISK BUYING THIS PHONE. Some of the pieces might work good but not everyone is lucky and has time to deal with return/refund issues. 
Good sides:
1. Sound is good and loud (you will enjoy watching movies)
2. Screen clarity & brightness is also very good
3. Battery looks okay (as i am not using it more) 
 Value for money! Very happy and satisfied with my purchase. Thanks lenovo. 
 I was using Oneplus one from past one year and I was very happy with that. Sadly one day heavy rains killed it. I needed a phone but couldn't find anything worthy of the beast Oneplus One was, hence wanted something temp sort of.  
Hence bought this. Got it effectively for 7200, and it's ok for that price.  
OS, even with the latest update seems unfinished, lots of stutters, not at all smooth. Crashes every now and then, even Cyanogen nightly seems more stable.  
Heating is there, but it's not excessive as some users reported. My older Sony Ericsson Neo V beats up more than that. Screen backlight in auto mode keep on changing its intensity, specially in dark. Touch feel is inconsistent, so do gaming performance. Lots of stutters.  
Battery backup is ok-ish, my wife's moto G gives better backup with smaller battery. But then its Full HD.  
Signal strength is not very strong either.  
Camera performance is not very good, but with google camera, it seems bit better, though I have not tested it thoroughly.  
Moto G3, at 1.5k extra, is a much better phone. Solid, waterproof, great battery and though on paper has a weaker processor, due to better optimisations performs much better. Camera is way better in moto g as well.  
Only thing that actually stands out in this phone, is the screen. Very nice. 
 presently i have given it with service center and they said need to replace board. its just 35days old phone 
 This time flipkart has failed to deliver their services. I do not have more trust on them.  
They people are playing game with me for replacement since past one month. After receiving the faulty mobile handset (Lenovo Vibe K5) on 2nd Apr. 2016, they promised and committed to replace the handset but did not do that yet. Initially for around 2-3 weeks they called me and wasted my lot lot time on call, (even I'm on roaming these days) I attended them on call and explained them the issue 'n' numbers of time, and they asked me the same questions in every call and ensured me to replace the product ASAP but still no progress. 
I CAN SAY...
THIS TIME THEY CHEATED....... 
 I purchase mobile Lenovo K5 vibe plus and when I got that box and opened that there was no earphone in mobile box. I also tried to contact with flipkart seller " WS Retail" and they didn't replied my message yet. So My friend never purchase these type accessories. I also purchase a Lenovo A7000 charger and that was also a duplicate product. And charger price was 400rs. So It is fraud so please be careful like those fraud vendors. 
 You're cheating with costmers......you writed you're giving headset in device box but I found every part of box but I don't get my headfones.......... 
 Hello guys,
Purchased this Item and returned within 20 days.
Temp reached up to 50 degree.
phone screen hanged with Message "Battery Temp is very high" 
 The phone is not working properly , getting hanged every time. After raising request to return , still no response , Flipkart sucks . 
 beautiful product(grey)..no issues whatsoever...heating issue is laughable if compared to le eco 1s...metal back hai..to heating during charging to thoda banta hai boss. Apart from that, gorgeous display, impressive battery backup...do miss a few cool features of k3 note though(no deal breaker) . Nothing fancy ..WYSIWYG here. If you r a moderate user who likes things simple...I'd say ,don't get misled by the ratings..they are just noise...go for it - I went for it in spite of 
 Please dont buy this product. There are defects in this phone. If you request for return also technician is saying everything is working fine. I got frustrated and using this phone because of no option.
defects found
1) Mobile data on/off problem
2) Incoming and outgoing voice problem
3) Heating problem 
4) Hang over in between
5) Poor Camera quality 
 All good except the heating and not being able to connect to public wifi 
 Over all phone is great but battery back up is not supporting for the whole day for a normal user.**************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************** 
 inta ghatiya mobile maine aaj tak nahi chalaya .... company ne 13 megapixal k naam pe 2 mp bhi ni dala aur frount to bilkul hi bakwas hai kisi bhi feature ka koi standard nahi hai sirf paper pe ye phone achaa hai ..... baki kuch bhi nah9i hai... 
 this mobile having more heating problem you can''t speak 10 mins continuously through this mobile,also flipkart service response very irresponsible 
 Within one week of new there is lot of heating. flipkart also not returning y product they are saying they ll return oly temperature is above 48 degree 
 Over heating problem..........................................   
 I bought lenovo vibe k5 plus. It's front camera is awesome. Rear camera is also good. But the main problem is heating. So much heating during charging of the phone that you can't touch. I returned it to flipkart and it was hassle free. 
 Too good Flipkart has a great and speedy delivery and 200% genuine products   
 nice game it is. . 
 MY PHONE IS WORKING IN A PROPER CONDITION I GIFT ?? THIS PHONE TO MY FATHER N HE IS HAPPY WITH HIS GIFT. 
 Getting heated while charging. Battery drains quickly. Not a good product. 
 what is the usage of com.android.partner.tc will it create any problem if i uninstall it coz it is uninstallable ,please help 
 I Have A Faulty Peace Delivery I have claim A replace after 29 Days A Normal Check up My Handset online By A Software vy filpkart Engineers And Replace With In 3 Days I am Very Happy of Filpkart Promise 
 Delivery is as usual express on Flipkart.
Properly packaged product.
As usual Nice experience, can always rely on Flipkart also M/S WS retail 
 Awesome product... camera, look, touch vry vry goooooooooood 
 Heating issue... but stylish look
Only for talking... not for 3G user
Fake reviews about heating issue solve 
 Awesome..... money worth at this price range.. but headphones not given 
 very nice good job by flipkart 
flipkart was doing well now a days 
 wrost producy . i am gettiong lot troble with lenovo vibe k5 plus from the scratch .
i informed somany times to customer. but till now i didn't get resolve the issue about the heating and valume and camera . 
 I'm not satisfied with this product.. Because it's causes heating issue.. 
 I have purchased both Lenovo k4 note and Vibe k5. Both phones started showing issues after a month of average usage. VIbe k5 started showing issues with Internet and Wifi. I am not able to use Data connectivity without starting WIFI and vice versa. Baterry started draining faster. In just a month of usage i have to replace Motherboard for Lenovo K4 note. Vibe K5 also started showing similar issues with Internet, Bluetooth and Wifi.
So I will not recommend Lenovo to anyone due to cheap China parts and below expected quality parts. Not a reliable phone to purchase. 
 My phone have many problems like heating, hanging and fast battery draining. From last 10 days i requested for return of my product but they are just denying my request by saying different useless reasons. I am using this product from last 20 days and having so much problems. Worst phone, worst seller. I will suggest everyone to not to buy phones from this site. No return and no replacement of my product till yet. 
 Live with out Flipkart is waste, very good service ,original product 
 PH is heavy heat on net r calls .......so early heat in few min takan the working 
 ear phone not in box.very poor service and phone getting very heat while using only 2 to 5 mins.
need ear phone with out additional cost.sent to my address 
 Good product. Value for money. All feature are good except camera. Photos taken in low light is not clear. 
 Good buy and good look camara is good there is some heating problem 
 Nice product ...worth buying ....value for money...i recommend this to all 
 Best shopping app...
Good speed experience forever........... 
 Dear sir, 
 I am purchases lenovo vibe K5 plus on may 5th my mobile observed heating problem. Kindly provide solution. 
 Super k5 in mid range....
Flipcart delivery up to date thanks. 
 This is a good phone......you can go for it................ ...  
 ... 
 Not so good as expected it's heats too much .. Camera is good 
 It's service is awesome and original products are present which are durable. 
 good phone at this prize..........................
.......j 
 Wonderful design and performance....
Fastest delivery by WS Retail.... 
 Shopping with flipcart was awesome.i had never had experience like that 
 Good return policy an excellent shopping experience l am very happy... 
 i dont know what the company is thinking... how can they design such overheating model.
my mobile battery temperature goes upto 47.5 degree even after update. Can anyone hold such mobile for long??? 
 helloo guys... 
few days ago i submit a review here and requested flipkart to help me to get the update .. today got a call from flipkart and now am satisfied with flipkart as well as my product ... 
after using 3 days i can say itz a grt phone within 9K.. no one can beat this gem ..... if u compare this wid Iphone then u will find lag but itz looks like u r holding Iphone 5S in ur hand :P 
grt product.. grt service as always by flipkart.... am really njoying this product ... thanx Flipkart 
 Flipkart service is very good . but over heating problem in phone and camera is two mega pixal not 13 mega pixal. 
 I am so sad that i have wasted my money to bought this, 
there is lots of mobile hitting issue while you surfing or calling more then 15 minutes, 
 The phone gets automatically switched off. The contact list takes several minutes to load. The phone heats up quite alarmingly. And most surprising of all the phone switches on automatically after it is switched off. I raised all these concerns and asked for a refund / replacement (within 30 days) and it was rejected by the seller, said Flipkart. After which no help from customer care team. Several days later, I contacted again the Flipkart team and they promised that they will do the needful but nothing has happened so far. I feel cheated with such a low category phone being sold under a brand name. Giving 1 star as I cant rate below that. The phone is useless in just a month's time! Total waste of money 
 Its a good product but thr is so much fault in this product. Heating issue, Networks issue, i m facing. 
 I purchased the phone looking at good specifications it offered at the price range. 
Pros:
1. Good Looks - design and build quality
2. Dolby Atmos Sound
3. Light weight
4. Removable Battery
5. Display - 441ppi (good clarity) 
Cons:
1. Heats up to 46- 47 degrees centigrade, no change even after downloading the latest updates. Not able to keep it on my ear. Battery, Display panel/screen, ear piece get very hot. 
2. Shuts down automatically - never seen before in any previous phones I have used
3. Slow response - lags even while performing simple tasks. I have very few apps on my phone and RAM utilization is low.
4. Battery drains out fast. Lasts only 7-8 hrs in full charge, if internet is on. Other wise will last 18-20 hrs in full charge.
5. Camera is just ordinary. 
Conclusion: Please do not buy it. Looks can be deceptive  
 I bought this mobile on first day of sale 24 march. Though mobile is good on an average. Its battery lasts only upto 5 hours on 3G uses and 13 hrs when mobile is on battery saver mode on. My charging cable became lose when i contacted Lenovo customer service center bhopal they said cable is not covered under warranty and denied to replace in just two months of purchase. though its is mentioned that warranty is 1 year for mobile and 6 months for charger and inbox accessories.it show poor lenovo service.
So I suggest not to buy this phone because of poor battery life and poor Lenovo service. 
 1. WORST PRODUCT FROM LENOVO. BATTERY BACK UP IS VERY POOR. WITH 1.5 HR CALL USAGE AND NORMAL WHATSAPP USE, BATTERY DOES NOT STAND UPTO 8 HOURS EVEN. AUDIO QUALITY IS LOW AND VERY POOR AT MAXIMUM LEVEL DURING CALL. 
2. SERVICE OF FLIPKART IS WORST IN THIS CASE. THEY SET CALL BACK TIME AS PER THEIR CHOICE AND NOT AS PER CUSTOMER'S CHOICE. 
3. FLIPKART THINKS THAT THEY HAVE BECOME THE MOST POPULAR ONLINE SELLER, BUT THEY DONOT KNOW THAT WITHOUT CUSTOMER SATISFACTION THEY WILL BE VANISHED. 
4. AFTER TECHNICIAN TROUBLESHOOTING OF PHONE THROUGH A MOBILE APPLICATION, WHEN AGENT FOUND SOME PROBLEM IN THE BATTERY, HE IS ASKING TO GOT O LENOVO SERVICE CENTRE. WHY SHOULD I GO TO SERVICE CENTRE WHEN I HAVE ALREADY OPTED FOR RETURNING THE PRODUCT. 
5. IT MENAS FLIPKART'S COMMITMENT IS A FALSE ONE. 
6. I WANT TO RETURN THE PRODUCT AND GET MY MONEY BACK. VAN FLIPKART LISTEN THIS. 
 Charger is not working i call to flipkart they said that i will got my 300 charger price in my wallet but i have not received any money yet 
 One week back I purchased this mobile through flip-kart i received defective piece with un proper back cover.
once i placed the battery into the slot, back cover was not into the sitting properly & even after removal of battery, same problem araised.
Quality of case is very poor. 
 This phone is really good and handy in 5 inch with excellent display and performance. Rear camera is goodDin daylight and front one is also good..but no wide aangle. 
Everything is good in this phone except it heats up a lot even if u use it for few minutes. I think the heat is felt because of back aluminium case. Bcz all android phones heat up.
But overall this mobile is excellent choice for moderate users. 
Note: Flipkart is very generous and accepted my return request and refund the amount. Now I got ASUS ZenFone 2 which is simply awesome..... 
 Thanks Flipkart nd my Business Online Services........................................................ 
 Lenovo vibe k5 plus mobile are very thirdcllas mobile, atometicali mobile are battery low and high temprecther hited. I calling flipkart an retun mobile but flipkart avoed my call and they saying not refunteble mobile 
 i have purchase a new phone lenovo vibe k5 plus tomorrow it will not a good phone it very bad product. i cant believe that filpkart sale a fake item first time i feelling very gulty for my self. & i can't dealing with flipkart site. this for my personal way please do not deals with flipkart any product. 
 Display Ok not like 1080
Touch not smooth
Camera Night time Bad Results
Ok mobile  
Coolpad Note ite good Option with Finger Print scanner in 6999 
 it is good...but plz provide head phone also...sound system, camera, picture quality everything is good, but we are facing only one problem .. that while charging the phone it is going very much hot... please solve this problem... how to do video calling ? 
 badly heated when switched on the fon. start using surfing again heated like it will melt butter as soon as possible means around 35-40c heating temperature. over all features r gud bt only the problem is heating.
i had used this fon 3 days and replace it with Huawei Honer holly2 plus..it is a great fon slightly heated bt it will tolerable coz all the smartfons have heated slightly bcoz of synchronization of cpu and software installed in it same as ur PC's CPU.. i have also lenovo A6000 and it is also heated slightly.bad fon from lenovo. ye mera 3ra lenovo fon tha bt i realy very disappointed with this fon.. koi na badi badi companiyo k sath choti choti problem hoti rhti h..on the other hand lenovo is the best brand in electronics i must say nd all we know..
at the end i would like to thanks Flipkart who has dvoted for its customer has a great delivery and customer support. my full family shopping has been done from Flipkart only.. love u Flipkart :) 
 MOBILE BATTERY IS GETTING DISCHARGED SOON N GETTING HEATED A LOTTTTTT............NOT SATISFIED. FEATURES ARE OK. 
 Dear team i have not received the headphones with the box accessories.  
Please let me know if its not included ???? 
 Lenovovibek5plus is worst phone ever I had seen. It was heating like a water heater. I feel burning sensation on my ears, why lenovov is cheating like this 
 Its good experience for me with filpkart i listen filpkart sale Quality product i relay not happy with Filpkart CSR team what i brought Lenovo Vibe K5 Plus mobile from Filpkart its geeting overheating issue 
 )- Heating is a serious issue in this device.
 Can't use for more than 20 minutes .
 Camera is average.
 Battery performance is OK 
 Display and sound is awesome.
 System update had no effect on heating issue.
 Not worth for ? 8499.
 Not satisfied with this product . 
 Very outdated version of vibe ui installed very glitchy do a lot of malfunctioning, need a ui update necessarily 
 This review is after using Lenovo vibe k5 plus for 5 days. First the rear camera is not up to the mark. Though it is specified for 13 MP it doesn't work as if even 8MP one. Front cam is far better. The other thing is that the phone gets heated while browsing and charging. I don't understand whether it is a Mobile or an iron box. Though this problem is there in the previous handset models lenovo is not interested in fixing the issue. It is specified that both sim's support 4g LTE but only the primary sim supports 4g and the secondary sim is GSM only. On the whole the mobile device is not up to the mark as specified. I strictly don't recommend it for others. 
 I love the phone , its deliver in a good condition . thank you flip kart ............................................................ 
 highly dissatisfied , within 3 - 4 days SIM slot gone defective. To know this, Lenovo support team took 3 days and at first wrong information was given. 
 a nice product really i enjoyed .. i bought the second one ................................................................................... 
 Dont buy this is toooooo bad phone Battery life is to less
touch is not much good 
i am traying to return this phone but flipkart also not supporting   
 Heating issue, no battery back up, bettery backup is very low,
No easy return procedure, customers are not support for return this product 
 This is really good and awesome. I have gifted to my wife and she is very using this product.Am a customer of Lenevo brand and well satisfied. 
 please dont take this mobile it is having defect on in it wil get heated if we start using unfortunately and this is true please belive 
 thos products looks great like i phone..performs well..but very much heating...heating at its peak...the users who is not concerned with heat can take this,,,but flipkart is providing great serivice and return..so i easily returned it and refunded by them,,thnks for dat...flkrt service is grt... 
 Hi i bought mobile phone in flipkart that is not working properly so i contact with flipkart person regarding replacement or refund,they said we will rectify with in two days, then after 4 days i got massage from flipkart sorry we cant replace or refund because this is problem between u and seller.So dont buy anything from flipkart. 
 I have using this phone but I facing many problem this phone 
Cons:
1) All time Heating issue
2) Bad camera (both front and rear)
3) Network problem  
I have contacted Lenovo technical guy with heating and camera quality issue and below is teh reply. 
 hello frnds, 
my name is Sridhar. i ordered vibe k5 mobile, they delivered to me after 2 days.
when the mobile is switched on, firstly it was good. After 5 min it started heating.
mobile look is ultimate. rear and front camera are good. Resolution is excellent.
i loved mobile but disadvantage is heating....
Note: somebody told that if u delete mc security app,then heat will be decreased. It is false, mobile is heating when playing games, watching movies and even for charging also
because of this only one reason i returned mobile, rest of the features are very good 
 i buy this phone some noise is coming in speaker and 3g & 4g is not supped. it is too bad ... pls buy other products.. i am give 1 star because its minimum level i can't able to give less than one star.. 
 I recived this phone two days before phone is very good stylish slim in design, but i didnt gt head phone. this phone doesnt have head phone?? please fipkart give me a reply 
 30 days replacement is shown in any item
But not return the product..
I am buying this mobile before 10 days..
And return this product due of heating problem.
But flipkart is not return the product...
Worst online shopping i have ever seen..
Don't buy the any items in flipkart... 
 At the time of delivery we checked the Cell but the cell is not start and power on so I think Flip Kart (WS Seller) cheat the customer so I request to all please buy product to another apps and sites don't purchase thru flip kart. they not understood the time of customer and not provide the proper services and when I call to CC they give the co. policies. 
 Battery Sucks, Heats Up like Hot plate, please do not go for it ********************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************* 
 the phone gets hanged, once i open Call log/ contacts...and then restarts on its own.
Please do not buy a lenovo Vibe K5 plus...if there are such issues...i would not like to give any stars... 
 phone heats too much, hangs and restarts frequently despite the update.
contacted flipkart for replacement, they send an engineer who factory reset the phone and said ALL IS WELL, problem persited and flipkart denied replacement saying i have to get a jobcard from service center, 
what i dont understand, if i visit a service center why the hell i need you and your BILKUL PAKKA replacement warranty. 
 Company is not ready to replace refund or sortout my issue regarding manufacturing defect in my lenovo K5 Plus Mobile Phone 
 I bought the LVK5 on the first day it was put on sale. Delivery by seller was prompt.I was quite disappointed that some basic functions were not upto the mark. Issues: Phone gets warm during charging / talking /playing. Camera is crude with very little features and no zoom.(digital or optical).Sound quality is good only at peak volume. The Contact list, call log, dialer drive you nuts. I have used Samsung and Nokia for many years and I can vouch for their ease of operation.Battery does run down fast if you are using the mobile.Hence need to carry Powerbank. The looks of the phone are good ( almost like an Iphone). However I am not happy and would go back to Samsung J7 or a Moto G. 
 Using it for like from last couple months almost but couldnot able to find out any earphone compatible to it, worst mobile I had bought till now. back to my Moto G 
 i buy it and socked to operate this phone that how can a best brand can make a cheap mobile plz dont ever buy heating problem and also camera is not so good 
 I thought this phone will be having very good features with the reasonable price and design also look good, so I purchased. I appreciate the delivery of the flip kart!
After using one week I got to know that phone software hangs and battery gets heated up.
I called flip kart and raised the issue and they told the battery temperature would be allowable up to 45degree..!
Is it 45degree is allowable!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?????????
But still I raised the issue for hanging, so they have given replacement with the other but still this phone having same hanging issue.
So people who are thinking to buy this phone for reasonable cost, please don't go with this.   
 I am using this product from last 1 month, after 30 days now i am writing this review.. first of all dont worry to buy this product becoz of its heating issue.. if anyone want to buy this mobile then he / she can definitely purchase this, dont worry for any heating issue... this phone has metal body in the back side so the phone goes little bit warm for the summer environment, if your room temperature is high like 35 degree to 40 degree so the phone also get warm easily for its metal body... but thats not felt any effect for your phone's working life.. actually first time i placed an order in flipkart but after 1 day i canceled the order because i was also confused after reading lots of review about this phone... but after watching some live review on youtube by lots of tech expert then i got lots of confident to buy this phone... after purchasing when turn on this device the phone wants some latest update about 126 MB... and after its latest update this device get more reliable and no heating issue now..... good camera quality awesome sound and Full HD display quality and super build quality with metal finish.... so if anyone planning to buy this then he / she can go for it, dont worry for heating issue or anything else... and dont take any decision after reading some worst and bakwas or fake review... watch live review in youtube then the all concept will be clear about this phone... camera, sound, display everything is okk and also the battery backup last 1 day.... so dont worry 
 Phone is not good  
after one month phone is hanging issue and network, 
last 2 days facing calling issue this phone not good for my side. pls replace the phone kindly provided the same ASNP. 
 Big mistake of my life to opt for this mobile.... After new update it heats like iron nd battery drains in 1 hr or less.... 
 Worst mobile don't buy!!! Also, flipkart customer support is worst...
 It is worst heating issue and network issue. Heating reach 48 degree temp. Always it is heating 35 degree. Flipkart customer support is not give good solutions to me., camera quality is very worst 
I faced below issues:
1. Heating issue
2. Network issue
3. Sound
4. Camera quality!! 
 +this product is over heating very much.
+when i am playing temple run 2 it is lagging very much.
+battery backup is also not much good.
AND MUCH MUCH MORE.......  
 applications not openinng with one touch. 
......................
...................
.....................  
 I have purchased Lenovo vibe K5 plus mobile from flip kart and finds considerable heating issues and very poor in camera performance. filpkart sent their technical person to see the device. He rebooted the device and checked the software part and said trouble shoot process successfully done it means that there is no problem in the device from flipkart side. I asked how you check camera performance through this process and heating issue. he said he just run trouble shoot mode provided in the device. I said software part of the device is ok how did you check camera performance and heating issue. I got no answer from him. After this whole process filpkart has lifted all hands and retrun request rejected.I DONOT WANT TO USE THIS DEVICE BUT I DONOT HAVE ANY OPTION. 
 WHAT A GREAT MOBILE I RECOMMANDED IT FOR EVERYONE IHAVE PURCHASED IT BEFORE ONE MONTH AND IT WORKS GREAT.VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY ...............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................NICE HANDSET. 
 its heated up and battery gives backup one day long only..
camera quality average.
sound quality superb
picture quality fine
i have bought it after that proximity sensor is not working. 
 much heating issue so i revert back and flipkart as online portal help me ... they asked me many steps to do but at last they also understood this product is not good for customer so they accepted back 
 The phone what I received 2 days back is good but there is so much of heating problem. Therefore unable to use the phone for long time. Kindly advice if any update to overcome the heating problem with the phone. It will be appreciated if the issue is taken up and resolved. We are ready to ship back the item if there is no solution for the issue. 
 value for money................................................................................................................................................................ 
 I received OTA update for system software,It got bricked when updated and stuck in Lenovo logo,so guys be careful while purchasing and the phone also heats quickly. 
 Heating issue. Especially when charging heat is very high. I have faced hell lot of problems in the process of returning this item. When I wanted to return they said that they have checked using some sort of Smart Tool installed in the phone and there is no problem with the phone. I spoke to almost 7 people and nobody was helpful. At last someone arranged for manual check up at my home. However, nobody turned up. Some person called me after 2 days and accepted my return when I was out of town. However, I have kept this phone with me only as I have used it for a week. I dont want to return a used phone. But I have decided not to go with flipkart in future and I would strongly advice my friends and family and my collegues not to buy anything from flipkart. Worst of the worst customer service. When I wanted to buy I have total hassle free process but when I wanted to return they ask hell lot of questions and I can not return if I dont like the "look" of the phone it seems. Also, one of the lady customer support executive suggested me to go to nearest service center (how crazy is this). This is not a 5 inch phone. this is only 4.7 inch phone. Flipkart - Please try to understand the customer first and later you can sell products. 
 Hello Everyone, 
Don't buy from flipkart they don't take the product back. this mobile set heats a lot. 
 DO NOT waste your money buying this product. Performance is very bad.. Phones gets heated up very soon.. it restarts automatically.. It has a bad freezing problem as well. 
**Top of that - Flipkart has a very bad Customer service** 
The refund and replacement option is just for show off.. Dear Flipkart, please stop showing all fake Advertise on channels that you give easy returns..!!! 
Its all FAKE !! Its better people buy phone from other website other than this.. atleast customers will get better service. 
 This is the waste of money overheating problem in this phone please don't buy this item sound quality is poor. 
 Heating Problem and Hanging Problem camera also not good i need retune back the same and refund my money. 
Regards
Noor 
 I'm totally disappointed with Lenovo Vibe K5 Plus due to over heating problem and batter backup.
Rest of the other are good...good looking..sound...etc. 
Compare to K3Note & A7000, the heating issue is extreme high, it leads to ear pain and headache.
Team Lenovo, please do something best to resolve this problem and also I appreciate your team for such a wonderful mobile K3Note & A7000. 
The delivery by Flipkart is awesome. Thank u Flip kart for the prompt and safe delivery. 
 My cell is Hang due to game
and it Heat to much
Another issue is that in this cell sometimes wifi not connected 
 Main Problem Over Heat and Hanging Problem Back Camera Not Godd Frant Camera is fine and other problms 
 Lack of digital image stabalisation in camera -- why the phone lacks digital image stabalisation, it caused blurry images and we have to keep hand firm and stable to click pictures. is there any way to enable it using third party app ?? 
 No accessories were included in the pack. Not the best product by Lenovo... K4 is better.... !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
 The product is so nice and very attractive that I love to buy another one............................................................................ 
 Please do not buy Lenovo Mobile phones. This is my second Lenovo mobile phone in the last one year and both the times I am having problems with the phones. First phone Lenovo 6000 Plus had problems with the headphone jack. 
I bought second phone Lenovo Vibe K5 Plus recently and again I am facing software issues in that phone. 
I am planning to sell both the phones now and move on to a better phone. 
 i dont know what the company is thinking... how can they design such overheating model.
my mobile battery temperature goes upto 45.3 degree even after update. Can anyone hold such mobile for long? TOTALLY WASTED OF MONEY 
 Product is good for that Price. But was little upset when I saw the Phone Device details. 
Says. 
Lenovo A6020a46 not 
Lenovo Vibe K5 Plus
I don't know if the Model no is different and the device number is different. 
 It was heating way more as compared with other phones. That too on simple functions such as taking a photo/video or while playing games. Lenovo does have good phones, but had to return this one for not fulfilling the basic requirements. 
 What makes a good review?
1. Have you used this product?
It's always better to review a product you have used. 
2. Educate other users
Provide a relevant, unbiased overview of the product. Readers are interested in the pros and cons of the product. 
3. Be yourself. Be informative.
Let your personality shine through. But its equally important to provide facts to backup your opinions. 
 i brought lenovo vibe k5 plus under exchange offer but i received defective damaged product from flipkart , i had faced bad experience with flipkart customer care executives 
and no proper repose and they are not ready to refund the money 
 In this phone have many problems, during the single app hang all functions or phone . and over heating in the phone. And flipcart not sovle these problems if we give the replacement or refund request. 
 I brought this just on the day it got released and it has been a month now. It has started showing the problems:
1-Heating Problem.- The phone get as hot as hell just after 10-20 of using the net.
2- software problem: dialer wont respond. some time you wont be able to see you call log or contacts or anything the screen will be white.
3- the phone just died and its not even turning on now.  
Now let's see what these lenovo people will do now. 
Guys never go for these cheap phones with good specifications. they all are shit. live example lenovo vibe k5 plus. 
 Not working properly the phone is hanging soo much battery jaldi down ho jaati hai 
 Very very poor product.heating and hanging.
Hardware complaint also 
 I PURCHSASED TWO PHONES ONE GOLDEN AND ONE DEEP GRAY. ONE IS DEFECTIVE FROM DAY ONE AND THE OTHER ONE IS FUNCTIONING GOOD. NOW TELL HOW CAN I RATE. 
FLIPKART MATLAB PAKKA WADA DOESNOT APPLY TO ME PERHAPS, I HAVE BEEN REQUESTING FOR REPLACEMENT SINCE DAY ONE BUT NO ONE LISTENING TO ME 
 1.Camera really worst its output like 2.0mp camera. If any looks for a better camera performance pls don't buy this produ 
2.Display clarity superb like Samsung on 
3. Both sim not 4g support as described in the feature.
Only sim 1 support 4g
Sim2 only supports 2g 
4.Too much heating
The phone gets too heated while charging, browsing net and keeping net on for a long time.
The specs are awesome n design is mind bogling. In particular I liked this product a lot but the nly issue with it is the heating issue.
Delivery of flipkart is awesome as always.
I liked this product a lot, I would hv rated it 5 on 5, bt can't ignore the heating issue so 3/5
I think I ll return this product :( 
5.It has good screen quality and very good in looks and perfectly slim and very nice sound..but it has lots of problem that make you not to buy this product. It has heating issues and battery drains very quickly.Smartphone with so less battery power is of no use. 
6.The phone which i got is heating like a coal and is hanging at any moment and the worst part is the reponse from flipkart for its return . By saying 30 day return they are actually faking everyone. Worst experience from the flipkart service 
7.
Bought it after seeing the flash sale. Heating, battery is major issue. Flipkart, Recall all K5 vibe to save your brand value. How this mobile is consider for flash sale. 
8. 
 Worst phone.
Lots of heating and hagging problem while dialing a number.
Sometimes it automatically starts rebooting.
Flipkart also decline the replacement request.
Really very disappointed with the quality of this phone. 