
 Hello all, I'm writing this review after 80 intense usage hours of Lenovo A7000. My review is only based on the previous gadgets i used, i.e Sony Xperia GO, Sony Xperia Z, Galaxy Grand Duos, Galaxy S3 and iPod 5 Touch.  
Build Quality, Looks: 
It weighs 140g, and is 7.99mm thick, which feels a lot light in weight and thin in looks when compared to other models i've used, except the iPod Touch. 
Though its 5.5inch in size, it is pretty compact in your hands, can access entire phone, and type messages to your friends using your left hand, while you are busy with your right. 
Comes with a Screen protector, which is good. Lack of Corning Gorilla glass should not be troubling you, as it has Asashi's Dragontail glass in it, which is a Japanese make. Both are equally tough. 
It has a removable 2900mah Battery which is pretty slim and light in weight.  
For 9k, it doesnt look like a cheap phone at all. 
Performance: 
Performance is something which makes this phone lot superior than others. Its benchmark in CPU and GPU is close to top 5 Flagship phones available in the market. You can verify the same in google for your reference. 
Let it be multitasking or HD gaming, this phone will not disappoint you. I didnt face any lag in games or apps even when it was running in low battery. It just begs you to use more. 
Video Clarity: 
Some people may argue about Apples iconic Retina Display being the best among everything, but no, they are just apple fan boys. With all the gadgets I used (Including iPod touch 5), I would rate Xperia Z as the best when it comes to clarity. Its Bravia Engine 2 is just amazing.  
But this phone has outsmarted Xperia Z miles ahead. Its 5.5inch IPS display is insanely vibrant and rich. I know there are more phones in market with better dpis like the JDI, but still I would rate this phone from my eyes. Play a 1080p video in its 5.5 inch screen, you would not hate the worst movie even.  
Camera: 
This is one of the major setback of this phone. Im not very sure if its the camera app or the camera lens and sensor itself. None of my gadgets ever had such a worst camera which involves Sony, Samsung and Apple.  
Low light pics are going to appear like you shot something out of a VGA camera. With proper day light, it will just give you Okay pics. In this case, i just feel like Im using my iPod touch to take pics, even worst, I would say. 
For selfies, Beautify function in camera app does some justice.  
While being useless in pics, Video clarity seems to better, well truly, a lot better. Shoots excellent 1080p videos. 
Dont buy this phone by keeping those 5MP SC and 8MP PC in mind. 
Audio: 
This is setback number 2. This phone is being marketed with a tag Worlds first phone to feature Dolby ATOMS, I would say, my Galaxy Grand Duos sounds better than this phone. 
When they mean, Dolby ATOMS, they mean a less sensitive, more pathetic mobile app and not the hardware.  
I always rated Samsung phones as the worst when it comes to audio, but this just beats them. 
Those stock earphones are lot horrible than those you get with Chinese and Korean mobiles 8-10 years back.  
Now the real question is, can it be rectified? Yes, you can.  
Just tweak those equalizer settings of your Dolby ATOMS app and the music player you use. I suggest installing VLC instead of that Google Play Music app, which comes preinstalled. 
Once you are done tweaking on both of these apps, (ATOMS and VLC), you are all set. I could bring my Xperias sound in this phone after tweaking these equalizers, provided you have a decent earphone and not the stock ones. I tested with a basic stock earphone of my Samsung Galaxy Grand Duos and Sony Xtra Bass MDR-XB50AP.  
But still as its all restricted to frequency changes, only in the software(app), earphones like Sony Xtra Bass MDR-XB50AP (which I use for my other gadgets) are useless.. It just cant provide that dynamic range due to lack of dedicated hardware, which these higher end earphones demand.  
Speaker is pretty, loud and crisp, I would definitely give a good rating for that. It has two microphones, one with noise isolation and one without.  
Battery: 
This is something more important when it comes to an Android smartphone. With intense usage of approx. 50% of browsing and chatting, 30% of videos and music, 20% of games, I got a battery backup of 7 hours. When I mean intense usage, I didnt take my hands off it even for a minute. 
So for a normal usage, you can expect for an entire day.  
Thats it about this phone. You can buy this phone for its incomparable performance, fabulous display, and compact build. Audio can be tweaked, battery backup is very good minding its performance, and I didn't find a solution yet for the camera. It's best deal you would get for such a price tag. 
Hope it helped someone. Thanks for reading.   
 Speed of the phone is very nice. Look is also good.
Everything is good in this phone if its not faulty.
Rear camera is just like 3 mp. Even front camera has got better clarity. 
I got a faulty piece and asked for replacement due to heating issue. 
Flipkart has got so "clever" third party service who can check the Phone(panel) temperature by checking battery temperature. It is like the "check fault of the eyes by examine leg". 
The guy was so dumb that he was not at all listening. I said clearly that my phone is heating and not the battery. But he was not accepting. 
Flipkart took 2 weeks to accept the fact. Further Flipkart want the problem to be occur only when they call. If the problem is not there when they call i.e. all faults like heating, screen and speaker issues which are situational basis, they won't even listen or hear.  
Flipkart is hiring so smart people who doesn't want to hear the customer's issue and also they do not accept any alternative solution. 
Such a service which is even worse than third class. Even these words are too good. I would like to use even worse. I am employed person, if I had got some time, I would have gone to court for such harassment. 
 !!!This phone is not for Camera lovers !!! Though alternatives are available to overcome the issue. 
Got the phone within 2 days. Trust me I used it like anything for 1 week to test everything. Will edit my review on daily basis.
Pros:
1. Screen clarity and sunlight legibility 9/10
2. Weight, build quality and design 8/10
3. Dolby Atmos audio quality with our own headset 9/10
4. Battery back up is great
5. Charging time is also good for 2900mAH... 1.5A adapter (trust me good quality)
6. USB cable (good quality) & screen guard provided
7. Vibe UI is attractive and useful. Internal security apps also good
8. Edit 23/4/15 - Received two back to back updates a.90+MB, b. 15+MB (not sure if this fixes notification area and heat issues) - Good lenovo is taking care of its customers.
9. Edit 25/4/15 - Wifi range is very good. My 5Mbps broadband is accessible through laptop hotspot mode even at 30-40 foot range with full strength. (I get 600Kbps when face towards router outside my house and 160kbps when I face opposite direction to the router) - 9/10
10. As everyone said I also complained on audio output and wrote a negative comment on it. Now I regret it, you have to enable Dolby feature and change the mode to MUSIC and configure(play with it) the graphic equalizer to set you mood. It will amplify the sound. Though it is not great but it's good. - 7.5/10 
Cons:
1. Heats up easily on heavy use (After OTA updates, I didn't find this issue)
2. Phone freezes if u use it while copying any data from computer
3. Lags at times
4. Back cam is pathetic 6/10 (I'm not expecting DSLR for 9K, but at least should be able to beat the competitors). Front cam is good (7/10)
5. Edit 21/4/15 - Tested Camera quality with my friend's Moto X 1st gen, ROFL my Lenovo A7000 is far better than that.. LOL
5.1 Edit 23/4/15 - Outdoor pics are good. Indoor/low light pics are bad. Use Camera 360/Google camera for better result.
6. second SIM is 2G only
7. Edit 21/4/15 - Bugs with Notification area, it will freezes touch screen and volume buttons. Power button works (lock and unlock is the solution). - After OTA update I didn't find this
8. After two OTA updates, identified there is a significant battery drain issue. strange.
9. Youtube (updated version) doesn't support 1080p video streaming. It only supports 720p.
10. Though it claims 8GB ROM, most of the space eaten up by OS & inbuilt apps. You will be left hardly with 3.5GB space. 
 Got the phone on 03 May & using over 3 weeks. After going through a lots of review, i purchased this phone based on its specifications only as the reviews are mixed with good & bad comments both which are enough to puzzle anybody. Before all i say about the phone, i want to say two things to the negative reviewers:- 
1) A high end smartphone needs proper maintenance & handling from the user. So to get optimum output in overall performance one need to know how to customize the phone according to their requirement (this phone is highly customizable). 
2) In the Antutu benchmark this phone scores more than 43000, which is much higher than many high end & high budget phone priced over Rs. 20,000. 
Now i am sharing my experience with the phone:- 
Looks & Feel: This phone looks like a premium phone priced over Rs. 20,000 & its classy design will definitely attract anyone.Moreover this is very slim (8 mm) & light weighted phone (140 Gms only).  
Screen: It is having a PPI of 267 but the screen is very bright & crisp. I have seen many similar phones of Asus, Xiaomi, Samsung but its display is very charming & better than those. I have found not much difference in display quality with Samsung A7 super amoled to it. The screen is large but easy to hold in one hand. The screen comes with an auto brightness display option & Dragontail glass protection which gives you an anti scratch & anti damage protection. This protection is somewhere equivalent between Gorilla glass 2 & 3, i.e. better than Gorilla glass 2 but lower than Gorilla glass 3. Believe me its an amazing experience with the display of the phone. 
Android Lollypop OS: Its a nice experience with more new GUI & features than Kitkat OS. 
Performance : Its buttersmooth with a true octacore processor. RAM is always free around 1GB.I have installed more than 160 apps, but never seen a single lag even while more than 15 apps are running in the background. Gaming graphics & performance is awesome, & flawless. 
Camera : Rear camera is good in sunlight & at night with dual flash also. Dual flash is very powerful. Video recording is very nice even with flash light its very clear. Rear camera is very good for selfy & video calling purpose. I loved the feature of taking photo with voice command!!! 
Battery : Battery is very good. Usage are as follows:
4.5-5.0 hrs continuous gaming. or,
5.5-6.0 hrs continuous surfing/downloading on 3G. or,
7.0 hrs of HD movie playback. or,
14.0 hrs of music playback. or,
approx 8.5 hrs of normal operation. 
It can easily stand up for 1.5 days with moderate use and 1 day of heavy use.
Different power saving mode are there also like normal saving mode, intelligent saving mode & ultra saving mode. Charging time 2.0 to 2.5 hrs. 
Networks: one sim supports 4G/3G/2G & the other is 2G only. Both sim are micro sim. network reception is very good including wifi. 
Sound: Phone comes with one screen protector & one headphone. Truely saying headphone is not good enough for music lovers. But what i was amazed of is DOLBY ATMOS feature, its awesome. even if you configure with the out of the box headphone you can feel the difference!With a premium quality headset this feature will definitely amaze you. It is strongly recommended to purchase a good quality headset supported with the model. 
Video Quality : HD quality video in this phone is a truly priding experience. Flawless, smooth and detailing are very much enjoyable. 
Other remarkable features:
1) Cast screen
2)USB OTG
3)Removable battery
4)All the sensors except temperature & barometric sensor.
5)Many types of gesture
6)Call recording
7)SD card movable apps (I m using 32 GB strontium class 10 with out any flaw)
8) & many many more..... 
Regarding heating problem: any high end phone should have a little heating problem due to its high performance. This phone is not different, it heats a little bit but never more than 38 degree which is normal due to high usage of CPU. One fact i m saying, during usage of your laptop/desktop, CPU inside heats much more than this temperature.   
 I got this phone day before yesterday and i am getting problem of data loss in this handset. when I called to flipkart customercare they just denied to take it back.... they gave the issue of third party for not taking the product back................. Please dont buy any electronic product from flipkart as if u dont like it, they dont take it back........... i am a very old customer of flipkart... but this time flipkart has disappointed me too much........ I will never use this site again....... 
 Super phone in this price range, better than Yureka.
1. Great display
2. Slim & looks good
3. Awesome music quality
4. no lag no heating.  
 Let me start with the basics:-
Phone feature:-
Call: - The front headset speaker heats up pretty quickly if Ur running 3g/4g while on call, I prefer Bluetooth. Speaker phone is good. Stock headphones can only be used for calls ;)
Smartphones features
1) Processor: - An octacore processor means u has ample processors running while playing Modern Combat (an intensive graphics game). No feel of sluggishness whatsoever. I run cross Dj platform softwares and they are a breeze.
2) RAM: - 2GB Ram u can just imagine (8-10 medium memory consuming apps can be shuffled without any problems). Perfect for multitasking.
3)Battery Life:- It gives 1 full day with 4g intense usage/ with battery saver mode ON. No internet 2+days Enjoy :)
4) Sound/Headphone:- Now this was the one I was more interested on (with my Denon DJheadphones) until I learnt to tune the DOLBY ATMOS to my listening requirements .. I will bet you its better than what u actually think. Just watch a HD trailer of any Superhero movies(BATMAN my fav ;) to feel yourself in the movie. Its a class apart many thanks to DOLBY for this as this quenches my Crave for nonstop EDM music listening toooo.
5) Camera:- Lastly what the hell is wrong with the back camera algorithm man.. Whoever has integrated this piece of shit needs to do a lot of Googling.
The front camera rather beats the 30 K phones by a good margin in good light conditions.
If looks matter to you the looks are very decent, its sleek stylish and definitely fits in my pocket much better now after using SGNote.
Last plus is its very very light its really light.. Unless u put a BIG cover to it.  
 It is not been a week that my half of the touch screen is not working. Suddenly while using the touch on the half of the screen stopped working. Really frustrating for a new mobile. Would need to go to the hassles of the service center 
 Handset Delivered to Cochin within 48 hours. My reviews after using 12 hours is: 
Pros:
 Slim and weightless.
 Resolution is awesome! 
 Battery experience too felt nice(Long Life).
 Front Cam is Ok for Selfies.
 Didnt felt any heating.  
Cons(suggestions);
Lack of gorilla coating and strength of back cover demands case for rough users.  
 Hello All, 
I had bought Lenovo A7000 on 24 April 2015 & found out that battery was firmly getting fitted inside battery slot and I could not able to take out battery to insert mobile SIM card. Hence I request for replacement & I got a new set of A7000 by 27 April 2015 with OD102654967801636600. 
But from then on words I am facing following problems, 
1. Receiver end they are not able to listen my voice clearly [due to audio speaker issue]
2. Mobile was getting over heated if I was on call for more the 5 min
3. Mobile Battery life was very very less. 
Hence, I again requested for replacement of respective mobile on 07th May 2015.But I am not getting proper response from Flipkart customer care. Whenever I call them to get status about the replacement customer care folks were keep telling that, within 24 hours they will revert back.But, no one will call back or update about anything.  
I am thinking, why would I have purchased mobile from Flipkart portal? 
And I have decided not buy any things from Flipkart from now onwords.  
 Set was performing very good untill 7 days and it got heated on 25/4/2015 and it was blackout, there after I tried to charge it , it is not taking change. Now set is completely dead and flipkart/seller are not taking it back.
Now as customer I am into limbo. I lost money to Flipkart.  
 I got the phone delivered today and I have been using this device for few hours now and here are my observations:  
The mobile runs on Android Lollipop 5.0 and in the last two days there were two system updates. The user experience is completely different here from stock android as Lenovo uses the custom android version called Vibe UI. Like most Chinese custom ROMs, Vibe UI imitates the iOS style home screen and there is no app drawer here. 
As soon as you connect the mobile to a computer or a laptop via the USB cable, we get the option to install Lenovo PC Suite, USB drivers etc.  
Dolby ATMOS: This is the first mobile in the world to come with this technology! However one must note that Dolby ATMOS technology is mostly for movies and I really do not know if this helps in improving the music experience for other formats. I have tested the sound quality using JBL and Bose headphones and the sound reproduction has been very good.  
The mobile also supports FM radio.  
Display : The display is good and the saturation levels are good too. How ever the display quality is, in my opinion, better than the Yu Yureka display. I have used Yu Yureka too and hence this conclusion.  
The brightness level is good but the sun light legibility is average. The colors seems to be a bit washed out and it is slightly better than the A6000. Overall, at the price point, the display quality is good.  
Battery : I am using both the SIM slots and I also have a 4G connection active. The battery came with approximate 60% charge and I have been active on the phone to check all the features and after couple of hours of 4G usage, the battery charge had dropped to 30%. So, I assume the battery is good for full day use with full charge. I will update this after a couple of days of usage.  
Call Quality: call quality has been good and the phone signal reception too has been good. I am getting good quality signal on 4G so I assume there are no issues with the antenna and calls. WiFi capabilities are good enough too.  
Dual SIM: This mobile can take two Micro SIM and the primary SIM card supports 4G/3G/2G and the second SIM supports only 2G! This according to me is not so great. This is the same story in Lenovo A6000. Yu Yureka for that matter supports 4G/3G on the second SIM too.  
Camera : I have taken some sample pictures indoor on the primary as well as the front facing camera and in my opinion its just about average. In the auto mode the white balance setting was completely off the mark. It could not detect the florescent lighting condition and the pictures came out disappointing. After I selected the white balance etc manually the pictures came out much better. How ever not a great camera! The Redmi 1S according to me is the best in the budget mobile category. The front facing camera too is similar.  
Heating issue: I did not play any games on the mobile but I checked for heating after browsing the internet on 4G for an hour and the handset had become warm around the camera area. I assume that on playing graphics intensive games the mobile would get much more warmer.  
Storage: The on board memory is 8GB and out of which android operating system occupies 3.13GB. There are some pre-installed application, of which some of the games can be uninstalled. 32GB card is supported.  
Intial impression I got is that OTG is supported...However I need to confirm. I will update this soon.  
Performance : I believe, in the day to day performance of the phone, benchmark test results do not matter much. There was no lag or stuttering and the phone performs smoothly. The Octa Core MediaTek processor seems to perform well.  
I would test this mobile further and update this section. Overall a good buy at this price point. 
 After 3-4 days of use I found that There is signal and wi fi problem in the mobile .
Signal is frequently fluctuating in boh sim and even WI `fi is fluctuatiing when connected with wifi hot spot. Soon I requested for replacement of mobile on 27.4.15 and cust care assure me that they will call me back but even after 4 days I did not receive call from there side and I am still in dilema what do do. 
I did not expect this type of responce from flipkart.  
 You can definitely go for A7000 if you live in cold places like antartica because it works flawlessly as room heater even the most costliest room heaters cant beat it. You can invest on A7000 instead of a room heater 
 I am using this product from last 15 days, and from the day 1 there is an heating issue. You cant talk for 5 minutes from this phone. Its battery life is just 2-3 hours of normal using. Flipkart service is also very pathetic. They are re-scheduling calls again and again as i have requested for the refund of my handset. Its been more then 10 days since i complaint for the product. Do not buy this product at all. And never Buy anything flipkart. They make Fake claims of hassle free return but do not complete their promises. I will Recommend everyone not to buy lenovo a7000 and do not buy anything from flipkart. 
 Ordered the phone yesterday and received it today in the afternoon. Delivery took less than 24 hrs. 
Phone specs are awesome.
It has Octa Core ARM Cortex A-53 clocked at 1.50 GHz along with Mali T760 GPU.
Got an OTA update of 92 MB as soon as I received this phone (May be some bug fixes).
Available storage is 3.5 GB (approx.)
Battery temperature is between 30-35 degrees in normal usage. Will test how much it heat up while gaming. 
Available sensors:
Accelerometer 
Proximity
Luminosity (light sensor)
Magnetometer (e-compass)
Orientation
Virtual Gyroscope sensor
Rotation Vector Sensor
Gravity Sensor
Linear Acceleration Sensor 
Dolby is working with external speakers too however it can be best experienced with a headphone. 
Google play music is the default music player, UI is good, it's not taking lot of RAM as it used to be in previous versions. Available RAM is 1077 MB while no apps are running in background (except the processes :P) 
Rear Camera is not that great, front camera is excellent. 
Will update my review after using it for at least 7 days.. 
 awesome mobile at this price......superb.......i purchased it for my big brother n he is really very happy to have it at this price...8999/- only !!!! 1.5 GHz octa core processor provides a superb performance. 
 This is very bad experience with Lenovo product second time, after previous bad experience with Lenovo yoga tab..
This phone started heating up as I started calling and receiving phones. This is annoying and pathetic experience when one buys phone after 5 years!! 
 I got this mobile yesterday , it's good mobile but it's became more heat in call. I was in call 10min it's came more heat.. 
 Lolipop version is awesome.. Front cam is best.. Playing game no problem.. Still using but look is great.. Size is good and slim phone.... Waiting for back panel branded. 
 For Now i am giving my view from initial usage (2 Hours) 
Pros : 
1) Light weight
2) Display is crisp and decent under sunlight
3) No Lags in UI
4) Decent Camera (Just clicked few. So Wait for detailed review)
5) No Heating (Didnt do intense gaming though) 
I was about to buy Honor 4X . But Lollypop , OTG Support & Removable battery in Lenovo a7000 made me switch over to this. 
Cons : 
1) Default Headphones suck. Not a problem for me since I have SonyXB400 headphones.
2) micro-USB port and Headphone jacks are slightly tighter (Not a major con.) 
----
Note : You get a screen protector with box. I got an update of about 90mb as soon as i connected to wifi. Hope they continue this. 
Totally satisfied with Initial usage. Will update battery usage after testing. 
I think Lenovo has hit the Bulls eye 
 Never buy this product.
Never flipkart going to take return of this product.
return policy is 0,go to the helll. 
 Yes, it does look like a steal when they say 5.5 inch screen and Dolby Atmos at 8999/-. But this phone has many a flaws and only if you just want a flashy mobile substance that you should go for it. 
1. HEATING ISSUES: The phone heats up badly, and too often. Be it while charging, playing games, watching movies, and most dangerously while talking on the phone. The phone heats up and seems to hurt your ears. 
2. BATTERY: Despite it being 2900mAh - but doesn't seems to last that long. It's just about average if you are heavy user. 
3. CAMERA: It's is just about okay. Lenovo may go tom-toming about 8MP back and 5MP front cameras but truth is that they are just about okay nothing great. The pictures are grainy when you zoom in. Even day light long shot don't give you an awesome pic. 
4. NO SCREEN PROTECTION: In these days, it's seems like a MAJOR FLAW as almost all phones beginning 7k now a days have screen protection. 
5. SOUND OUTPUT: Sound out put sadly is really really low. Dolby Atmos is good (only via headphones), but since the sound engine produces so little sound that its impact can't be felt much. DOLBY ATMOS is something which made me buy this phone, but I am really disappointed. 
6. The phone also has some issues which its touch, as while typing I have to press a few keys, especially the backspace key, twice. Otherwise, touch is really smooth.  
But if you just want and okay phone under 10k, and don't go much into specifics and features, there are a few good points about it:
1. Display is really good - both the in quality and size (though it's unprotected). 
2. Android Lollypop is the saving grace on this phone for me.  
Moreover, Flipkart very smartly hid these reviews. Whenever hit the link to Lenovo A7000, it took me to their page and not page where you can read its review. I wanted to read reviews about the phone before buying but I couldn't find any. And now I see so many reviews, many of them, negative posted only. These would have been so helpful to me. The brand Flipkart, which I as a loyal customer preferred even after the entry of Amazon in India, has taken a severe beating for me. You can't slyly make customers buy a sub-standard product. And with such a flawed return policy. It's because of FLIPKART, I will be stuck with this poor handset. I am disappointed. 
 This is a story of first day mobile booking...I eagerly waited and ordered Lenovo A7000, when I got it first day, I felt like I achieved something. But now I realize what mistake I have done. Its every time hanging, you know whats the publicity Lenovo giving "TRUE OCTA CORE". I don't see even the performance of dual core.
 I do not know whether the product properly tested or its the problem with my piece. 
And coming to Flipkart support.. worst ever. I never expected this from flipkart, one of the best online store. I have been requesting from one month for replacement and fix the issues, still not yet resolved except some worthless phone calls. 
So do never buy on first day.. until you receive some feed backs and reviews. 
 Using this phone from last 24 hours, I can say its a Amazing phone
- Great loooks
- slim and Light weight
- Great sound/music quality
- Wonderful display and picture quality
- Fastest andrioid
- Nice touch
- Good Camera and quick response (front camera 5mpx is better than rear camera8mpx)
- Battery ka baap.
- Full Paisa wasool.
- No notification issue, which I heard in a6000, seems to be fixed with this model. 
one+one advice-
-Better go for glass protector rather than normal screen guard as its not a gorilla glass. 
-handsfree were useless, so better buy some good headphone
Future scope-
The internal memory is 8GB, for our use its only around 3-3.5 GB, and could be better in future version. 
Overall 4 star. better than my expectation. fantastic phone 
 Grabbed this phone on the first day itself (first involvement in any flash sale any flash sale and bingo!!!! I nailed it) just by going the reviews/hands on that I have heard from #MWC2015 about the Dolby Atmos and 8mp camera 
Now coming to the service 
Flipkart service: Phone was delivered almost 3 days before the promised date. But no one day delivery for Navi Mumbai was a bit shocker. But after a subtle reminder on twitter helped and was delivered on priority. 
Now coming to the phone.
The first impression was surely awesomazing.  
What I loved:
a) The design feels very comfortable
b) Lollipop coupled with vibe 2 UI looks good
c) Screen clarity was good
d) Colors dont looked washed away as it does in Lenovo A6000 and other phones
e) 64 bit processor is surely a future proof  
But the trouble started when I started testing the phone. And these are what I hated the most
a) Is the Lenovo A7000 India launch has same rear camera/sensor what they have shown in MWC2015? I dont think so, the pictures what I saw in reviews were good enough for 8 mp shooter but when I used it the results were truly horrible (using 6.7 mp camera of Lumia 720 and I am fan of it)
i. Macro shots were good with full details
ii. Try to shoot anything beyond 3 feet and clarity is thrown out of window
iii. No sharpness in landscaped pics and washed out colors
iv. Horrible focusing in low light and grainy picture
v. The phone started heating up when you click pics for 10 min
vi. 5mp front camera was horrible too (my Lumia 720 front camera clicks better selfies) 
b) Battery: had a tough time while removing the battery. 
c) Battery charging time is >3hrs on charger and >4hrs if you use usb charging. With moderate usage (full time 3g,all social media on, 1 hrs game and 2 hrs music, phone lasted for ~24hrs) 
d) Headphone quality is not up to the mark and reminds me of roadside earphones. 
e) And the biggest con is SAR VALUES. The spec page of Lenovo A7000 says SAR Value At the Head - 1.260 W/Kg, At the Body 0.999 W/Kg but the box says Value At the Head - 1.460 W/Kg, At the Body 1.12 W/Kg. Why to lie? 
f) Dolby atmos looks like marketing gimmick in India as to experience it one need DA encoded files which are rare/very rare in India. unable to find a single cd or dvd at planet M or other shops.  
Verdict: Go for it if you are not much into using camera.   
 Lenovo A7000 is the best smartphone under 10000rs .i got this yesterday &used for about 7 hours .it is fast no lag or heating issue. But the charges gets heated quickly .and the headphones are of cheap quality just like the one we get on the roads for 60-99rs.
install many apps and still 762mb ram is free of 2 gb.
Great mobile .happy :):):):)  
 I was delivered a Lenovo A7000 Phone. Both the SIM had erratic drop of signal and Wifi also erratically connected. I browsed through all the reviews and found that all models of Lenovo Phones have this problem. I requested a return to Flipkart and it denied the replacement and suggested to check with the network provider. Where as the SIM is working fine with all other phones. It is very evident that Lenovo phones have network drop issues (Google and find many forum discussion). Either Lenovo or Flipkart cares for its customer. 
 Received the defect mobile first and got replacement and second mobile started giving problems from day 2 as it was working fine on Day 1. frequent Hangs and playstore is not working often with wifi. Every time i need to re-start the phone and issue gets resolved. Camera is real pathetic where they claim it as 8 MP where actual is 1 MP(think so). Even Micromax mobiles produce very good pictures for the 5k Mobile. I didnt expect such mobile from Lenovo. 
 1.heating issues
2. battery life for 5 to 6 hours only, tried discharging and charging again
3.cannot even talk more than 5 mins phone heats up too much
4.also the screen guard from Lenevo is not that good.  
requested for replacement of product, seller rescheduling the calls. 
i'm stuck with phone which i cannot even use for calling!!  
 Firstly like many others ,received the phone within 24 hours of placing the order, which has generally become the trend with Flipkart deliveries off late. :) 
Coming to the Phone looks and feel after 3 hours of use :  
1)The build quality is good and the overall phone weight is very light.
2)The Vibe UI is far better on this device and doesn't clutter the Android Lollipop under it.
3)The touch response is good and transitions are fluid without any lag.
4)Multitasking on this phone did not cause any heating what so every and the app switching happened without any delay thanks to the 2gb RAM.
5)Cameras are decent at this price point however the low light clicks are not so good.
6)Internal storage although indicated 8gb is only a 3.3gb usable due to a bunch of pre installed apps already on the phone including games,social networking and other google apps.
7)LED Light notification is bright and viewable from acute angles as well.
8)Volume rockers and power on/off buttons are sturdy and responsive. 
On the whole very much satisfied with this purchase and looking forward to explore more features to come up with a more detailed review. 
 Micro phone not functioning and simcard not recognizing. Touch is also has some issue.  
I was very much interested but they delivered defect pice 
 First of all, Flipkart delivery service is awesome. I ordered the phone in the morning and received by EOD.
This is lightweight phone and nice display. Smooth Android UI. Great experience. 
Good Job Lenovo! 
 Received the phone today after ordering it yesterday.
Overall feel is Awesome :) !!!! 
Pros / Cons
1. Screen quality is very nice - rich bright color
2. Comes with a screenguard (non matte)
3. Headphones are not the noise cancellation ones but ok quality (figured out the low vol was due to adjustments required in the Dolby Atmos equalizer) .. compared to sennheiser... could have been better but then that's where price comes into picture.
4. Extremely slim
5. No heating in normal use
6. Camera quality is good for this price, although some noise is seem on closeup in some pictures. Have tried a different camera app (Camera 360) and the photos are better.
7. Dual LED flash is very bright
8. Compass is supported and an app comes built in. All useful sensors are available.
9. Slim removable battery - which with the battery saving settings enabled and with moderate usage (18hrs a day wifi / 3-4 hrs browsing / fb / whatsapp) lasts >36 hours
10. Speaker is loud and clear but not like few nokia phones i have used before
11. Interface is very smooth
12. With a lot of apps coming preloaded (can be removed) the available RAM was around 900-1200 Mb free at any point in time, and the internal space free was around 3 Gb
13. Backcover plastic is thin but sturdy once fitted. Anyways a cover and scratchguard is a must for phone this big. Good quality ones like moshi/nilkin/cubix/pudini available on the internet. 
Overall feedback - 
Very much a value for money phone. Lollipop is actually a very good upgraded OS after kitkat and should be a must have on all phones. It adds some very effective memory management features to the release. Happy to spend the 9000/- on this piece of beauty. 
 I heard all kinda comments about room heaters and other crazy stuff..but dont be mislead!!!
Its the best trust me !!!!!1
Display is very crisp and big and phone is quite slim.....i heard all kinda things about gorilla glass nai hain aisa vaisa but screenguard toh gorilla glass koh bhi lagate phir kyu aisa bolneka??? 
They say ki memory is expandable only by 32gb.....i say carry 2 memory cards...itna bhari bhi nahi hota memory cards if you noticed.....
Koi bola room heater n all but it only gets slighty warm ...and completely stops if you use gpu power optimiser..........
They say about 1 hand use difficult.....i say bhagwaan ne 2 haath kiskeliye diye bhai???
Its a good mobile in all terms ....i was amazed by its practicality.....i have used high end mobiles(iphone5s, one plus one,moto turbo)...but i was unable to find much faults.... everything works as its supposed to...and no lags at all.
Haters will hate no matter what....but trust me its a good mobile....at least my device that is.......^_^   
 expected as average but it was good ... except delicate back cover...seeing as baby ..buy with confidence and the product was not hanging and this andriod lolipop version was nice... 
 Liked everything about this phone except the earphone given with this.
Earphone seems to be ordinary.
Phone looks elegant and works very fast. Games are so smooth.
I used so many apps at once, but still i can see RAM is only 50-70% used, no lagging at all.
Best thing about the phone is sound, it is crystal clear.
Very light weight too. 
 Finally The Best Comes From Lenovo For Better Yu Yureka At same Price 
 Display : Best Viewing Angles Best Clarity
 Storage : Though 8GB We Can Install Apps On SD card So No Problem
 Design : Well built Design Good Looks Great When We hold
 Battery : Lasts 1day On Heavy Use
 Otg Supported 
 Best Musik Experience We can Get Ever
 NO Heating Problem Ever
Overall a good buy at this price point.... 
 Ordered the phone yesterday and received it today morning. Performance of the phone seems to be very good so far. Since i received it today morning, i was not able to test all the features. But the Lenovo MUI looks good. Overall this product is a VFM. Don't miss it guys. Will update the review after using the phone for quite some time. 
 The music is awsome in this phone with dolby atmos i experienced this with my sony headphones camera is giving decent images both front and back. Still not played games i have to see it. But over all good buy for 9k 
 Yes! people ask me the price of this phone. Instead I tell them the features!! Those buggers are overwhelmed by the features, and yet again for the price! Damn it, this is a game changer phone! Price should not deliver quality! Why don't you guys understand?
Now, to the phone, there are no cons to it. 
At 9k Rs, everything this has is a pro! Trust me!! 
So, what did I like?
1. Display - Amazing
2. Size - huge, yet gets into my pocket. Riding comfort is good
3. Android L - OTB and Vibe - Smooth and slick
4. Camera - Selfie lovers will have a good time, night shots are nice, surprisingly has dual LED flash
5. Heating - Phone is as cold as ice - gets to normal when you play Asphalt 8
6. Gaming - Do not dare you doubt it! Asphalt 8 runs like butter
7. Dolby Atmos - Did not like it at first, played a song, opened the Dolby interface and started tweaking it - voila! Atmos kicked in!
8. Weight - Sad part - phone is very light! does not feel like a big phone
9. LED notification - never expected this! Multicolor, adds panache to it
10. Battery - Excellent backup
What I didn't like:
1. Back cover - its good, but can be improved. It houses the buttons instead of the phone body
2. Capacitive button - Got no lights, would've looked classy
3. Accessories - Headphones work fine, looks cheap Ok with me 
This phone is feature rich! use it, enjoy it! 
 You cant get any better phone then this 1.
The battery is super awesome and the touch and gestures also looks quite astonishing.
The box includes screen guard with it, so that u dont have to spend ne extra bucks on that too.
The only problem is the back cover, which is very slipery. So u have to handle it with care
Super fast processor and 2Gb ram is enough to keep the phone in same pace even when ur multitasking.
so just go ahead n simply buy it.  
 went through the mobile world for one month and at last i bought this phone on the first day of sale itself .
phone is super with nice packing and good accessories it includes screen guard also
it has good touch and also good battery backup 
look is super .... 
 Awesome/Super phone in this price. Better than others: 
1. Great Display
2. Slim 
3. Looks Good
4. Music quality good
5. Android L Look Very Best.
6. Over all Phone is Very good.  
 super phone at best price android lollipop 5.0 dolby atoms.. nice phone.............................................................. 
 Great service , received the item with in 20 hrs of placing the order . now that what i call " A Swift service " Five Stars for the delivery service .  
just received the product . Will review it by tomorrow or next day 
 world's worst device, what lenovo clam the software which are in the device are there, but the hardware is very poor to handle these all software...... my suggestion is to never go with this device. my points are......
1. heating problem- continue use of device more then 10 min 
2. quality of material is very low.
3. camera quality is very poor (in zoom).
4. I don't want to give any star to this product but I have to ( cause without that I am unable to give this valuable review to all my friends who are planning to purchase this device).  
 Facing hanging issues. Gets powered off after sleep time and gets powered on, and this toggling happens continuously. Worst quality back case, volume,power buttons.
Don't know what other issues might turn up. 
 First u will be thinking u r getting a lot. bt take a break. what u r getting is only mediatek 64bit octacore processor nothing else. now talking abt the cons..
1. very cheap built quality along with its accessories
2. no display protection although display looks vibrant 
3. is this a 8mp camera!! really? camera produce lots of noise in low light. and one more thing dual led flash actually works like a single led flash lol :D 
4. heats up like crazy while gaming u cant hold the phn u will feel the heat like supernova.
5. battery backup seems average despite being a 5.5" device.
6. No led notification no backlit led capacitive touch button.
atlast i can only say to u guys better wait for sometime. many more co.'s r coming with their device in this price tag with lots of features even more :)
we can understand this is a budget oriented device bt still now a days at this price point u will atleast can expect decent built quality, 16gb internal memory, 13mp camera, with display protection, led notification, backlit led capacitive button. these r all nt compromisable even at this pricetag. hope this review helps u guys :) 
 Flipkart delivered the phone next day of ordering.
The phone has overall impressed me a lot, this is my second lenovo phone in less than a year. I got addited to lenovo after I purchased S920 hence bought this phone. 
> Brilliant configuration at this price, superb build. Rear could have been better but cant complain much at this price
> Volume is slightly less as compared to other phones, but then dont expect myself to be DJ.
> Screen protector included in the box
> battery backup is good till now, expect to give more than 1 day of back up.
> impressive pixels and decent camera
> gorilla glass is definitely a miss. 
Overall brilliant proposition given by Lenovo at this price.   
 I had buyed lots of products from flipkart but i faced a big problem with the problamatic mobile when i requestd to change my handset no one is reponding me . i had battery problem issues with this mobile but no one is active here i better say not to buy. i give -5 rating for this service n product too. 
 Why i am telling that Lenovo A7000 is worst mobile in the current market.
1)While using Camera Application Mobile is hanging.
2)Headphone's which was provided with the Mobile is not compatible with the phone.
3)Within 2-3 call's phone is over heating.
4)While browsing the Internet with home Wifi access the mobile battery back up is coming for 2 1/2 hours. 
My suggestion to customer's better don't go to purchase this mobile. 
Thanks,
Varma 
 1.heating issues
2. battery life for 3 to 4 hours only, tried discharging and charging again
3.cannot even talk more than 5 mins phone heats up too much
4.Both front and back camera are very very bad. I am not satisfied the camera quality.
Totally Worst Product 
 I bought this phone for my wife 1 week ago. She is not an avid user of multimedia devices, however this review is written after 1 week of use by me. 
Pros: 
1. Slim and looks stylish. 
2. Battery reduces to 10% only after 36-40 hrs. of use while attending normal calls, surfing and whts app. On the other hand the battery lasts more or less 20 hrs. after watching a full hd movie and normal gaming like candy crush, temple run etc. It is a big point to look into while choosing a phone of this big screen size. 
3. Display is more than good . Thanks to the ppi factor maintained by Lenovo. 
4. No lagging in playing high quality games and hd movies. Credit goes to Adreno mali 760 graphics processor. 
5. Processor is super fast. Quick response even while doing multitasking. 
6. No major heating issues noticed apart from normal heating. This is an 8 core processor device so heating will be there but it is not like that you can make an omelet on the screen, LOL. So need not to worry. I have seen in many reviews informing about heating issues and I think any device having this issues are only because of some manufacturing defects.
7. Camera is able to capture hd videos and photos. But at low light these are pathetic. 
Cons: 
1. No Gorilla glass. I would not have any objection if Lenovo charged a little bit more for the device with a gorilla glass on. 
2. No led light notification for the home screen buttons. Although there is a led light near the front camera visible while charging. 
3. Back camera is 8 mp but the picture quality is just above the ordinary level. At daylight , pictures are quite ok. Also you do not have the liberty of choosing the resolution. I would rate the back camera 5 in a 10 point scale. Front camera is good for selfies and video calling. In low light both the cameras are not good. A disappointment for Camera lovers but one has to look at the price factor also. 
4. Internal storage is 8 gb but users get only slightly over 3 gb usable space. I find hard time transferring applications to external sd card and still could not figured it out. After inserting external card , applications does not automatically select ext. card for storage, say for example, photos and videos taken from camera still have to be manually transferred to the ext. card from internal storage. However, there is an assisting application to do this task of transferring files. 
5. I honestly dont find any peculiarity of Dolby atmos while listening to music or watching media files. Head set provided with the box is mediocre , better use some other good quality headsets from renowned brand.  
Despite all the cons I mentioned above (which is not that severe), this phone is very lovable , beautifully designed and good for use at this price range. I would recommend this phone to everyone who want to go for it. I just cut one star for not providing gorilla glass and for the poor camera ( I actually wanted to cut half a star only but sadly there is no provision :) .) 
Flipkart service was awesome. Thank you guys for such a quick delivery.   
 I had recently purchased a Redmi Note 4G and rated that a 5 star. However I was looking for a new dual Sim phone. I looked at Honor 4X and A7000 was way cheaper so went for it. 
Unboxing: 
It comes in a small footprint box. You get the phone, battery, charger, USB cable and earphones plus free screenguard. 
Easy to setup like any other android and its up and running in five minutes.  
Pros:
Great price for a 5.5" phone with dual standby sim.
1. Extremely light to hold (140 gm Vs 185 gm for Redmi Note 4G). You can really feel the difference. Also very thin again as compared to Redmi note and easy to hold. The profile is very sleek though orthodox.
2. Great UI. Intuitive and very similar to other Android phones. Pull down settings. Slightly improved over MiUI 6.
3. Decent camera.
4. Dolby sound is great. Better than Redmi Note which was difficult to hear in open areas.
5. Shows %age charging information while charging including time remaining to charge 100%. Battery seems to be lasting a full day.
6. Good display - even to watch HD movies.
7. 2GB RAM - no noticable lag. However I have not played any heavy games so far. 
8. OTG supported unlike Honor 4X. USB device shows as External Storage 1.
9. Call quality is very good.
10. Multitasking is great. All apps are in the background ready to use.  
Cons are mostly minor and irritants rather than issues: 
1. Not many options for back covers. Had to buy a transparent cover on eBay.
2. USB connection is on the top rather than bottom. Looks awkward.
3. No backlit buttons unlike Redmi Note.
4. Only 8 GB onboard memory. However it can take 32 GB card.
5. Only one Sim is LTE / 4G enabled. Second Sim is 2G.  
I would strongly suggest this phone over any other budget Dual Sim available today. No regrets!   
 Just received mine. Awesome look and feel. 
pros:
-camera very good
-display vibrant and nice
-feels very light weight in hand.
-came with lenovo screen guard. 
cons:
-speaker phone mode sound is low. 
Will update review after using for a week.  
 i personally liked this phone.I ordered it for my mom and it turned out to be a right decision .the phone is light and feels good to operate 
 Super Fast Processor, Vibrant Display, Cool Dolby Music, Mobile Network Enhance, over all must buy mobile. 
 Superb Product available with this price...
The price is even lesser in India as outside India it costs around 169$.
The touch is awesome.
Battery is the best in this phone.
Very Light weight.
Although you need both hands to work on it, obviously that is because of 5.5 screen. 
The only concern that i have as of now is that i am unable to connect the phone with MAC Book,If any one was able to connect ot and transfer the files from MAC to Phone, Kindly assist. 
 asm phn in my life.. every thng is al ri8. so thanks 2 lenovo. good one in the merket..   
 very nice phone it is. at low price all features are there in the phone. lollypop android and camara Quality is very nice. and flipkart dilivery speed is too good 
 Superb mobile..performance is good..no hanging..and leight weight..performance is super.. 
If a person can searching a mobile below 10000...please go through this..u will fully satisfied.. 
 i don't need to say much about the product its superb in performance no lag at all.......................
REAR camera is not that great in clarity but the front one is awesome it's new features and the gestures to click your selfies is awesome.................
it gets a little hot.......................but it's bang for the buck./...............................................................thanks flipkart as usual superb delivery IN A DAY GUARANTEE................. 
 First thanks to flipkat, i receive the order less then a day. 
Phone is excellent very slim. 
i tried with games, camera and checked the battery .. 
Awesome phone... 
 a good phone at a decent price. I'm moving to this from a samsung Note 2. The A7000 feels lighter and is performing quiet well. setup has been a breeze and battery backup seems good although a longer use would probably tell more on it.
Overall good, screen is crisp and Lollipop is great 
 No issues with phone, Cost is less having good features. 
Feeling happy that, Bought a super phone which meet my requirements in budget.  
 Do not buy anything on the first day of the sale. Do see review and then buy. If possible do verify the products in person. After two days of my usage the following things are observed.
(i) Sound is low in headphone.
(ii) Second sim card slot supports only 2G. Sim can't be swapped.
(iii) No proper ear phone.
(iv) Screen resolution is somewhat good.
(v) Poor back cover.
(vi) Look is not pleasing and no rigid body.  
I'll review more later. 
 Flipkart delivery: Amazing service
Phone looks elegant and works very fast. Games are so smooth
Super phone in this price range
lightweight phone and nice display. Smooth Android UI. Great experience.
Hardware also great at this price range, 
"Paisa wasool Mobile :)"  
 Super phone in this price range, better than Yureka.
1. Great display
2. Slim & looks good
3. Awesome music quality
4. no lag no heating.  
 Even with 5.5 inch screen it fits in your hand quite easy. Has a great touch. Fast processor. Best buy under 12k. 
 Awsome Service Delivery by Flipkart Team....Booked Lenovo A7000 phone on 15 th of April and received the same on 16th of April.
Keep it flipkart team.. You guys rock...
regards 
 What if I am not the First Official Buyer of I-Phone series. I can proudly say that I am the first official buyer of Lenovo A-7000. 
Expected Date of Delivery was 17-April, Got it today only 16-April. 
By First Looks of it, It really seems to be awesome. Will reserve my reviews till now. 
Need to explore all features first !!! 
 simply superb , i have booked lenovo A7000 for my friend on 15-apr-2015 14:02 hrs received today 16-apr-2015 07:00 hrs before the actual delivery (18-apr-2015).
i am very much impressed with flipkart service, mobile is worth to buy 10k budget 
 Got the phone around 11 am today(within 24 hours delivery). Very nice. Light weight. Im satisfied with the features in this phone for just 9k
Will update the review after a month of use 
 I WILL GIVE 0 RATING TO THIS PRODUCT. PRODUCT IS NOT AS PER THE SPECIFICATION. CAMERA QUALITY IS VERY VERY POOR LOWER THEN VGA .DISPLAY QUALITY IS NOT HD .PHONE GOT HEATED . BODY OF MOBILE MADE BY VERY LOWER CLASS MATERIAL.
FLIPKART ALSO NOT.PROVIDE REFUND AGAINST THIS PRODUCT.
I WILL NEVER SUGGEST TO BUY THIS PRODUCT.I AM GOING TO SELL THIS PRODUCT LOCALLY IN THE HALF PRICE.
VERY MUCH DISAPPOINTED WITH FLIPKART AND LENOVO.
PLEASE DON'T BUY THIS PRODUCT THIS IS TOTALLY WASTE OF MONEY.  
 5.5 inch touchscreen feels awsum..
battery backup is quite good
feels really light n very thin
no lags no heating
front camera best bt rear is kinda average
thumbsup to this phone..
u can surely go for this beAst...  
earphones are very cheap..in quality n sound 
 TRUST ME NOT TO BUY... TOTALLY USELESS 
NOT EVEN COMPLETED 3 MONTHS and NOT AT all a Heavy USER..... TOUCH SCREEN HAS become UNRESPONSIVE !!!!!!!!!! 
TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY AND MAJOR DOUBT ON LENOVO COMPANY 
 as per my experience(As I own Most Xiaomi and Lenovo Phones) Users that want Very good sound and Very good camera go for XIAOMI phones(Redmi 2 , MI4 , MI4i , Note) but......
User Thant Want Best Performance and Battery Backup Go For Lenovo Mobiles(A6000/ and A7000)
And All Other Features like Display , Touch , Wifi Strength , Call Quality(I felt XIAOMI sligtly Better) , Sensors both XIAOMI and Lenovo are Compareable........As I always want phones between 5000 to 15000 , before I always go for samsung but after launching Phones by XIAOMI and Lenovo All The Brand I forgetted......And Enjoy These Brands.......I always say just forget the Big Brand with no value for money.....Adopt These Brands.....Because " I believe in Performance , Quality and Value for money Not On Brands Name " . so by this strategy I and MY family is very happy...They always priorities me before purchasing any Gadgets and appliances. Above Was my Opinion but its your choice what you want. But Every Person needs a Guide For Sucess...... enjoy Have A great day. 
 1. headphone is just like purchased from footpath.
2. charger is cheap.
3. screen guard is cheap.
4. back cover is very bad quality.
5. game was stuck sometime at any random point.
6. apps not transfer to external storage. 
but........... 
good things are many more..
overall good phone in good price
im satisfied.. 
 HEATING ISSUES: The phone heats up badly, and too often. And most dangerously while talking on the phone. The phone heats up and seems to hurt your ears. & it makes u much uncomfortable.
CAMERA: It's front camera is just about okay. 
 I bought this phone just because of Dolby Atmos feature but when i received the phone i was shocking to see the headphones. The headphones are of third class quality and the sound is also very low in the headphones. Camera quality is ok but after clicking the picture the brightness will seems very low in the pictures. 
 But other than the camera everything else seems to be very good
1. good battery
2. clear crisp display
3. really good speaker(partially because my previous phone had very bad speaker)
4. nice and slim, good ergonomics
5. out of the box lollipop
6. good performance, no lags
7. all major sensors available and LED notification light 
some cons
1. no gorilla glass
2. bad rear camera, i mean really bad
3. very ordinary earphones 
Overall i would say if you can live with a below average (politely bad) rear camera and no gorilla glass display..phone seems to be good considering the price point and the brand!! 
 THE TRUE OCTACORE PROCESSER OF THIS PHONE IS LIGHTNING FAST.IT CAN OPEN ANY APPLICATION IN NO TIME .HAS THE SPEED OF A BUGGATI.....EXCEPT THE REAR CAMERA AND DOLBY SOUND THIS PHONE IS A WILD BEAST.....YOU WILL NEVER REGRET PAYING 9K FOR THIS GIANT . 
 The smartest phone in such a best price. 
Gr8 picture quality
awesome HD display & resolution
Light weight & slim body
Fastest phone ever 
I recommend this phone to those who love to move fast !! 
 First Impressions: 
Flipkart Delivery: 5 stars, received phone in the morning around 10:00 am in very next day. 
Screen Protector included in the box
The phone feels very light in weight.
Colors on the screen are good.  
The back cover feels extremely cheap plastic.
The front camera is just Okish. The images are not very sharp and crisp.
The details from the back camera also tend to pixelate as I zoom into the photo. 
Will update the review in some days after more usage. 
 lenovo a 7000 worst ever build ... the phone s touch stops working in the second day itself ... worst ever back cam and internal... only gud thing is frnt cam ,good processor & vibrant display . dolby atmos is utter waste . battry is thin like a metal sheet and got easily bend. totaly worst build ever by lenovo. also bad delevery by ekart logestic.. asked me to go and collect package from 10 kms away .. 
 Actually i was looking for a phone which gives a lot in budget and my search ended in this phone.Its a complete solution for all.Am really moved by its processing capacity,without any lag and a whole complete entertainment.It was delivered in afternoon today an till then am continuously using for 8 hours.First I charged it fully,and now am using most of applications at most.No heating issues like Samsung,no lags and camera quality at best at this price range.Latest android Lollipop has a lot to do in this phone. Although u need extra memory for saving data but pre-installed apps and some more apps can be accommodated in 3.5GB user memory available out of 8GB. Touch sensitivity is fast and one can enjoy games without any lags.Resolution part also fine.Overall looks also give it some expensive phone look.I really loved its looks.Rest all about features,one can get info from net,but am really enjoying with my phone.I recommend for all those who are looking for budget phone with all specifications under one umbrella. 
 lots of hanging issues like alarm got hanged, you cannot answer the phone, canonot dismiss alarm.; camera not good; Sound quality is good but volume is too low. 
 A very nice phone indeed, I was earlier using Redmi 1S, was thinking of Mi4i but then came across this one and thought of taking risk...  
After using for two days it seems completely worth it.. Some of the advantage over Redmi 1S given below: 
1. Battery life is really long, easily lasts a day
2. Super thin and Light
3. Super fast processor
4. 2GB ram ensures that whatsapp does not get killed in the background
5. Bigger vibrant skin, 
6. Never hanged 
7. Latest Android 
Cons:
I felt the camera was a little inferior, I made a sample video 1080P.. check it out youtu.be/hYa6EnsaugY 
Coming to 
 good display, excellent cameras, no lag, no heating, quick charging....
wonderful at this price....kudos to lenovo.... 
 display is very good 
front camera good 
back camera not good for near by photos.. 
back cover not so good..buy protection for it 
 i got the delivery in less than 24hrs.
things i liked very much are about:
-> There is no heavy stuff, u can uninstall any preinstalled apps. And let the hardware work for your requirements.
-> Power wise feels good, 25% of batter lasted for 3-4 hrs of extensive use, with data on
-> Super responsive, UI absolutely fast 
Cons:
-> Back cover is not that quality
-> Camera is not that great, feels like 3Mp, front camera is also feels like 2mp or even less..
-> Screen glass, m not sure is that strong. Should easily impressionable. Even though the screen gaurd is there, still lot of finger prints..  
 Flipkart delivery: Amazing service. Got it in 26 hours after placing the order without selecting the next day delivery option. 
My observations so far: 
1. The UI is good
2. No lags and transitions are quite smooth
3. The built in speakers are not so good
4. The provided earphones are not up to the mark
5. Camera is decent according to me,don't click that many pictures
6. No heating though I have not run any heavy applications or games so far
7. The display is sharp and clear
8. With a decent pair of earphones,experiencing the built in Dolby Atmos technology was a superb experience
9. Have not made any calls using the carrier but made a call using WhatsApp and the quality was good enough
10. Signal reception for WiFi and carrier network is good
11. It has OTG support,tried with SanDisk Dual Ultra pendrive and the transfer speeds were good
12. AnTuTu Benchmark scores tested by me are as follows: 
Overall: 42764 
UX: 
 Multitask: 5083
 Runtime: 2947 
CPU:
 CPU integer: 7139
 CPU float point: 5777
 Single thread integer: 1447
 Single thread float point:1160 
RAM:
 RAM Operation: 2873
 RAM Speed: 2123 
GPU:
 2D: 1731
 3D: 10763 
IO:
 Storage I/O: 1016
 Database: 705
The leaked test score was around the same mark and I was not disappointed. 
Overall I am pretty happy with the phone 
 I'm writing this review after using the phone for a 1day thanks for E-kart for delivering it in a day Its a good phone for 9k, Phone is ultimate with 2 gb ram and internet is works much faster. 
 After reading so many positive comments I was already happy for the phone which myself and other people had bought on first day of sale. 
It still managed to surprise me when I used it after charging it 100% in switched off state. 
PROS:
1. Very light in hand : whatever you say but it is always a better feel when handheld device is lighter  
2. UI is super smooth : 
I am already using Nexus 5, Oneplus One and Galaxy Nexus (used Xiaomi Mi3 with MIUI 6 - KitKat 4.4.2 as well). All these devices on Android Lollipop 5.1 version. and despite my slight disliking for custom android theme, I feel UI here is very smooth. makes this phone feel even lighter. believe me. 
3. Build quality is good too. 
6. Display : No complaints. wide viewing angle. good reproduction of colours. 
4. battery life : yet to test 
5. Camera quality : yet to test 
 Got one Lenovo A7000 Black with WHITE HEAD PHONE AND CHARGER !! 
Kindly arrange to replace the same on URGENT BASIS.  
Giving 1 star due to the customer executive response to convince me that black mobile always comes with white charger.. Please educate your executives ! 
 It is the worst camera I have ever seen in an phone, Even the Android one handsets from Micromax, Spice and Karbonn has got better camera than this. Even front camera (5 MP) can be digested but not the primary camera (8MP). 
I need my money back. Merely saying 8 MP is not enough to for selling phone this should be understood by Lenovo and Flipkart. Specially Flipkart which is host and customer satisfaction responsibility is on Flipkart. 
Flipkart should put at-least 1 genuine review of the handsets they are putting on sell. 
Biggest mistake is of the flipkart who is trying to make easy money by selling China products. 
 I have purchased four mobiles for my family, and all of us are facing the same problem. 
Pros first: 
Great display!  
Light weight,incredibly light! When I held it in my hand,I couldn't believe it.I felt I was holding small baby underwear. 
Butter smooth touch response( you can find this crap in other mobiles too,nothing to write home about..haha )  
CONS ( the problems start now -this is not just with one mobile):  
Heats up like you are in hell with Satan watching over you.I can't hold the mobile for more than ten minutes without getting irritated due to the heating problem.If you are going to Shimla for honeymoon,order it right now. 
Screwed up loud speaker. You have to hear it to believe it. I was staring at it with astonishment like a sick patient.  
Dolby Atmos is nothing(bullshit). I have personally experienced some true Dolby sound. This is some chicken nuts Dolby.When you are wearing earphones,you will experience some shift in clarity but it doesn't make you jump up and down.It is slightly about average.  
Call quality is screwed up to max. I called Flipkart guys and I had to cut the call two times.I am facing the same problem whenever I call my friends. 
Camera is below average.When you zoom the pics,it will show its true colors.  
 See,all I am asking you guys is to take opinions from somebody who has already used this phone for at least two weeks. Never trust these so-called honest reviewers on YouTube or specs. They are here to make money and also to screw you up. My cousin ordered this yesterday.Maybe he is going to Shimla for honeymoon. 
 Screen size is good
even the speed is also good
no heating effect
camera clarity is fine
sound is awesome 
 Got it just now... Delivery is super fast..
First impression of the phone is just awesome...
It doesn't looks cheap at all.
Best in its class.. 
Though accessories are not of good quality, but that's ok 
At this price point. It is the best smart phone at this price point.  
 Extremely bad product. The phone has serious concerns with hardware. In the service station, I met at least 10 customers who has the same problem with A7000 and K3 note devices. 
 After 15 days of using touch screen problem will come and one by one whole touch wont work. Dont buy this lenovo model 
 purchased on 7-5-15 through flipkart.but after one month some portion of mobile screen not functioning properly.pl kindly replace the same. 
 Seems like all A7000s have a touch screen problem 1st unit lower left screen became insensitive to touch within a week. Replacement, same problem within 10 days. Service centre unable to resolve problem, phone taken in for repairs and asked to WAIT FOR TWO WEEKS!
Be careful before wasting your money on these phones till touch problem is resolved. Service centre register was full of Lenovo A7000s returned for the same reason!!
Flipkart policy does not allow refund on electronics, even if product is defective!
Now at the mercy of Lenovo. 
 First I was confused weather to buy this phone or not, then I watch some video review on internet, then I decide to purchase this phone. This review is after 5 days use of mobile. 
1) Very attractive looking phone.
2) Display resolution is very fine.
3) Camera quality is also very good. Some one has commented on flipkart that it is like old nokia VGA type camera, but it is not the truth, camera quality is very good for both rear & front camera.
4) Battery is also very good. It has very long backup. There are many good features are given for battery saving like Battery saver, Screen & GPU power saver, Ultimate power saver & smart switch.
5)Yes sound is not too louder of speaker and headphone. You will have to purchase new headphone to experience Dolby Atmos sound. 
Overall it is best phone in this price range. Anyone want to buy it, should buy without thinking more. 
I have just written this review for people who are confused like i was before purchasing this phone. But at last it is great phone for me. 
 Handset Delivered to Jaipur within 72 hours. My reviews after using 5 days. 
I get the handset in 2nd sale. 
Advantages 
1. Octa core 1.5 GHz processor (very good performance)
2. 2 GB Ram (usually approx 500 MB remaining when lots off app/game running)
3 Great Display (5.5 inch)
4 Light weight
5 Dolby Atmos (make music experience better) 
6 Battery Back up ( *Super Power Saver * is excellent)
7 Android Lollipop 
8 Camera (back is sufficient in this price and front is superb) 
over all a very good handset in this price. 
suggestions 
1 lack of gorilla glasses
2 Back cover is necessary
3 Ear phone(headset) with handset is very poor (Useless)  
 Phone is getting hanged when playing games coming with phone itself(Spiderman)
Camera clarity is having issue , while taking pictures, the image is not lighted as shows through screen before capturing , tried several settings
Only 3.5 GB storage is available for use in total 8 GB , it won't allow you to download even watz app from play store if you don't have an external memory.
Looks so flimsy, Rs.9000 is not a negligible amount :(
Sound quality is not so great and even the so called ATMOS dolby is useless. 
I will not opt for a Lenovo again 
 PROS:
Good battery backup
Charges really fast
Display clarity very good
Very Light weight
Feels nice in when used
No Heating while charging, Gaming, wifi use.
No Lag thanks to 2GB and 1.6 Octacore 
Sleek and Beautiful phone.
Value for money.
Some smart lenovo features inside make awesome to use. 
CONS:
8 Mp camera is myth, 2mp camera gives better quality.
Build Quality of the back panel is cheap.
5 Mp front camera is also a myth , it seems like camera is VGA. 
...
I have used full day internet surfing using wifi battery drop only to 50%.
1/2 day wifi hotspot, battery drop to 10%.
3 movies back to back, battery drop to 20%. 
full day use including wifi, cellular data, 2-3hrs of calling, 1 hr of gaming,
whats app,
document reading etc ----- battery drop to 60%  
 I bought this mobile during the first flash sale and before even I started using it I was seeing lot of mixed reviews in Flipkart.I bought this mobile in the first flash sale due to the excellent A6000. 
I was using Redmi Note 3G prior to this and this is my review after using it for a week. 
1.Lot of users have talked about heating.Yes the first time when I charged the phone i had heating near to the rear camera.Then it became very rare occasion.On a Normal day to day basis I am not coming across any heating issue. 
2.There is lot of discussion on the internal storage. In the storage section you have the option to make SD card as the default write drive and thus all apps started getting installed by default in the SD card. 
3.One more running topic is the rear camera.I would say that although this is not the best in the market but its good.Using other Camera apps than the delivered one helps.The good thing here is Lenovo listens and they have recently released a update for Camera ISO performance. 
4.With 2900 mah battery, the mobile is surprisingly feather weight.
Battery is awesome and it will easily last for a day even connected with 3G all the day. 
Mostly the mobile is stable and love to use.For this price change, I would recommend anyone to consider this one too in their wishlist. 
 Ordered the phone 22nd and received it 2ith April in the morning. Delivery took some time but it's no problem at all. Flipkart delivery so good and convenient. 
Available sensors:
Accelerometer 
Proximity
Luminosity (light sensor)
Magnetometer (e-compass)
Orientation
Virtual Gyroscope sensor
Rotation Vector Sensor
Gravity Se (Expand)
Camera is good in this budget
The headphone that give with the phone is worse. But I have a Samsung headphone it gives so good sound with Dolby atmos features.
This gadget OTG compatible , love that.
Battery life is so great 2900mAh
Battery temperature is between 30-35 degrees in normal usage. Will test how much it heat up while gaming.
Phone specs are awesome.
It has Octa Core ARM Cortex A-53 clocked at 1.50 GHz along with Mali T760 GPU.
Got an OTA update of 92 MB as soon as I received this phone (May be some bug fixes).
Available storage is 3.5 GB (approx.) 
 Ordered my Lenovo A7000 on 15April (The first Flah sale).
Recieved it on 18th April. so Delivery Flipkart 5 stars 
Being using this Device for over 12 Days Writting the Review.
Build quality - Good
Front camera - Very good
Rear camera - Good
Battery - Very Good(24 hrs Easily)
Display - Good
Heating Problem -Yes its True but not that much that you cant use a phone and heating 
 is for some time that gets normal in some time.
RAM - out of 2 GB approx 900 MB runs free 
Android 5.0 - Great Experience 
OverAll - Lenovo A7000 is worth Buying and I am sure You would be Enjoying and saying thanks for Genuine Review. 
 Value for Money!!
I am giving my view from 5 days of use 
Pros : 
1) Light weight
2) Display is very good.
3) No Lag or Hanging in UI. Ram use not gone above 1.2 GB. Even with a lot of background apps.
4) Camera is just okay not the best, front camera is good.
5) No Heating problem (didnt do intense gaming though).
6) Battery backup is good on more than average use can give around two days (40 hrs).
7) AC charging is good.
4) Sound is good but volume is average. 
I was about to buy Moto G 2nd gen. But Lollypop , 4G Support, File Browser & Removable battery in Lenovo a7000 made me switch over to this. 
Cons : 
1) Charging with data cable is very slow !! takes 4 to 5 hrs to be full. 
2) Back cover is not very good.
3) Camera better than Micromax 13MP, not as good as Moto or Samsung 8 MP. 
Overall: Great for this price.  
 Just bought this mobile through flash sale on 22nd.  
Firstly the flipkart service is stupendous. Way to go!! 
Now, the mobile is a breeze to use. With butter smooth animations, beast like performance, the build quality is top notch and feels really good to hold the mobile. The only thing I feel is amiss is the gorilla glas, other than that no complains whatsoever. Few people are complaining about the heating issue, but I haven't faced it as of now. A small amount of heat is dissipated but its ignorable.  
Highly recommended mobile in this budget. I think it beats the MI4 as well as galaxy s5 in its benchmark record. What more to ask for :). Kudos lenovo. Cheers!!  
 My 4th smart phone in 4 years and 2nd in Lenovo. I just love the brand and their unique models (which ACTUALLY varies from phone to phone unlike bigger names) So.. coming to the review. I've been using it for for 7 days now and i must say.....  
BUILD & APPERANCE:-  
SLIM & LIGHT weight phone, by far the lightest i've owned so far. But in a way that itself feels quite unsafe, feels something like a fold-able object in your tight jeans pocket. Have to be really cautious, a CASING, HARD RUBBER or those other covers etc is a must if you plan to own it for sometime. The looks are simply SEXY just plain old square edges but with that light weight and slim build it feels great to handle, and in-turn even being 5.5 inch display its easily operable with one hand. 
CAMERA & OTHER FEATURES:-  
The built in tools are as usual and not much of a change, except for COMPASS feature which i guess was added in as extra for the India market because i did not see it in any of the video reviews made with a Chinese set. This means it has an additional sensor fitted in, and its not just used for the compass but also when GPS is ON for the map's orientation during sharp turns and etc. The OTG support is really a plus, its high time Lenovo adapted to this feature. The cameras are not that great, definitely there are better 8&5 MP camera phones in the market, however its a fair competitor in daylight shots. The dolby ATMOS is a new feature, but however you really need good source of music or movies with the atmos sound to experience it in the earphone, otherwise it acts like just another equalizer. Speaker sound is good for ringer and alarms only. Don't even try listening to music.  
PERFORMANCE, MULTITASKING & BATTERY:-  
Nowadays there are many octacores with different processor brands in the market, and all are equally fast and good. A7000 has so far been really great in comparison to 2 other mobiles (YuYureka & MI) which my friends are using. Installed some high end graphic games to check with music running along side and there was no lag or skip. So kept trying with phone calls, messages and whatsapp in-between as i played and it was still good. So a big YES to speed and multitasking of the phone. Was having a bit of problem with the touch sensitivity at both the extreme sides of the phone, but seems it was because of the scratch guard which was not stuck correctly. The scratch guard which comes in the box is not worth it, try a different brand and get it stuck by and experienced person. The battery is surprisingly good for a 2900 mAH with so much of gaming, music and data simoultaneously used it lasted for a full 26-27 hours until it went completely dry prompting for charge.  
Over all the phone is really good but its just the beginning in the markert with combined features like this. There are defintely better camera quality, more inbuilt capacity and higher battery capacity are currently available in the market but a few thousands more. So the LENOVO A7000 beats them all in pricing, not SUR-PRISING :-) 
 recieved my lenovo on 17th. good packing and very quick delivery by flipkart. 
overall the phone is very good.
- good user friendly UI.
- Wonderful battery life (36 hrs after moderate to heavy usage)
- no heating issues after moderate gaming.
-no lags or hanging issues.
- camera is good with excellent clarity in day light. no noise.
-Dolby atmos effect can be enjoyed in headphone clearly.
- eventhough 5.5 inches, it fits easily in the hand. 
smart gestures, and blink to click selfie, and auto call recieve ptions are good.
would update soon. 
 I received my mobile on time with 1 day delivery - Thanks to Flipkart :) 
My first Android experience since i have been using Windows for a long time till date. Lollipop was really good and speed is awesome (effect of 2GB RAM). 
UI feel is great as well. But somehow the Music volume seems to be low in my mobile. I tried with the max volume on my Sony Headset (MDR-XB450) but it was still low. I tried this morning with my colleagues Lenovo A6000 and it has good quality volume using same headset.  
To be clear - My A7000 Max Volume is = My colleagues A6000 55% Volume. 
Looking at the specs i see A700 has 1 x Speakers, Dolby Atmos whereas A6000 has 2 x Speakers, Dolby Digital Plus. 
So like to know if the handset i received has any specific issue or is it an overall experience with everyone.  
Lenovo Team - I expect a quick feedback/reply from your team. Thanks. 
 Since the day one phone is heating up with 10 -15 of basic usage. Forget about gaming phone is heating up even when I am making or receive calls.  
Not a very pleasant experience. Did not expect this. 
 phone is in charge or am in call getting very heated................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... 
 Rear Camera is Pathetic... Ashamed to say its 8 megapixel 
Loudspeaker is gives a flickering/ distorted kind of sound, feels like as if the loudspeaker is about SHATTER / EXPLODE
Accessories are of very cheap quality. 
Back panel is of very cheap quality too. 
In Brief:
If I would had got to see Lenovo A7000 in a Retail Shop, i wouldn't have ever purchased it!!!   
 Ordered the phone on 15.04.2015 & yesterday received it . 
Performance of the phone seems to be very good so far. 
Since i received it yesterday, i was not able to test all the features. 
But the Lenovo A7000 looks good. Overall this product is a value for money. 
 Don't miss it .  
I Will update the review after using the phone for quite some time. 
 Really impressed with phone, BUT camera could've been be better. 
Accessories in the box looks not premium  
 I bought this phone on the First sale itself and using since 8 days.I must say the phone is just a waste of your har earned money.I also have bought lenovo a6000 before .But that was far better than this one.
1) Rear Camera 8 MP -No way,Very poor camera quality .Pictures taken during low light are more horrible.
2)Dolby Atmos - The Dolby atmos sound is felt only while using headphones,otherwise a normal shitty sound.
3) Wifi Drop Signal: I have a 9Mbps connection at my office but while browsing(mainly using facebook) or downloading an app from play store the download speed will not cross 5Kbps.I thought it may be problem with WIFI but my friend who owns a MotoG was able to Download @3Mb/s @ same time...Lenovo needs to take care of this future with updates.Dont buy this if u plan to use a wifi connecction.
4) Battery backup and charging is average.At most full 24 hours you will be able to use phone with 100 % charging.The phone has Gorilla Glass Protection
5) Good Things about phone.Light in weight,Front camera is really good 5 MP .Large Display with bright colours,Fine processing speed & GPU(Check with playing high end games)  
MY VERDICT :Dont buy this phone,you will good more @ this Price range (Micromax Yureka) 
 Received yesterday afternoon and after using for some time i can tell you-
>no heating issues
>awesome looks
>awesome screen display
>camera is little more than average
>latest OS is worth using
>performance is ultimate no lag
just go for it...dont search for second option at this price  
 don't read the reviews :P just buy the phone. awesome gadget ever. camear quality superb, sound a huge plus point to this phone...dolby atmos rockssss 
 I am Extremely satisfied with the mobile Everything is good. 
Pros :
Camera is very nice
phone look is good
Light Weight mobile
Android V5 is amazing
Phone is Similar to 22000/- One Plus Mobile. 
Cons:
Head set is very bad  
 giving my view from initial usage... will update more after some tests... 
Pros :
- no heating issue (slightly heats up while charging, but it's very normal)
- super responsive touch
- awesome display (didn't notice any pixelation)
- awesome camera (primary & secondary both)
***(only 4:3 aspect ratio = 8 MP)
- USB OTG support
- good battery backup
- double tap wake up & lock screen gesture...
- LED notification light
- Volume rockers and power on/off buttons are sturdy and responsive 
Cons :
- no lenovo branding on the front...
- default headphone is not that good (Not a problem for me since I have creative ep630 headphones) 
 handset is good but the accessories are not good looking like very low quality .... headset and charger adapter ..... are like low cost which is available in footpaths... 
 very worst camera that i have ever experienced, after all the phone performance is f9, but in the camera point of view it is so irritating, we can say u cant imangine,how it is cheap. 
 Hello Friends, This is my Review Within One Month 
Before purchasing this mobile i reviewed in many sites,videos,text,others comments regarding the aspects of A7000.  
Everyone says that the main drawbacks are HEATING & Rest the Camera Not good & Poor Sounds with even Dolby ATMOS. 
I got little-bit confusion whether i should buy this mobile or not.. 
Then finally i set my mindset to Select A7000 because this mobile is my first Impression in my lifetime.Also my first Smart mobile. 
I Register for May 6th SALE ..and i get my mobile on 13th May[ 2 days before ]as they said it will reach me on 15th May 
For the first two days i really worried that i wrongly selected this mobile. 
Since the mobile started like Iron box heating , Rear Camera seen like ordinary VGA resolution ..But the Sound seems good. 
I filed a report on Flip kart regarding this issue , they said their tech support will call on next day on the specified time, some peoples said they wont and never care about your issue so don't wait for call from flip kart. I too get shocked on seeing those comments on others review page..But as Flip kart said their TECH TEAM call to my mobile on the date they said and given some tips and troubleshooting to solve my mobile issues,and after that the mobile condition really changed as what I expected. 
Now nearly its going to complete One Month .. 
I never faced any issues , 
As per my reviews , 
Processor : The MediaTek MT6752m 64-Bit 1.5GHz True8Core  
- Shows its power on accessing Apps,Games,Video playbacks and Hearing songs no interrupt. 
OS : Android v5 (Lollipop)  
- Looks pretty gorgeous and smart 
Graphics : ARM Mali-760 MP2  
- Those graphics were shows the entire mobile appearance , images and Videos as Sharp & SEXY 
Memory : Internal as 8 but only 3.5 GB for user rest for OS 
 External can supports up to 32 GB
 OTG - Yes i accessed my 16GB Pen drive using OTG cable..Very useful. 
Battery : Yes the heartbeat of this mobile , Li-Ion 2900 mAh 
 According to my moderate usage my mobile stands up to 26 Hours [3G only 
 DATA] and for more than 48 hours for [2G Voice without using data]
 if u use the power saver mode means the battery backup may vary more than 
 50 hours * Superb 
Camera : Sharp Images on 8MP REAR cam and Smart Images on 5 MP Front Cam .. 
 Seems Perfect !! 
 For below 9k mobile this resolution is very good when comparing other mobiles 
Sound :Ohhhh my GOD !!!! Dolby ATMOS* : Awesome ,
 May ask how wonder the Sound is...
 I adjusted the Equalizer and heard the songs ,saw videos ,played games ...
 I really Mesmerizing & Immersed
 I can even hear and feels a songs each and every single musics that runs behind 
 the Voice ..Oh god i cant explain the DOLBY ATMOS..Facility 
So Finally I Thank Lenovo for making a Great , Awesome , Mesmerized & Immersed Smart Phone as Lenovo A7000 * 
Also Kudos to the Engineers who makes this Lenovo A7000 ... 
Kudos to FLIP-KART for the best service and tech support and other Customer support peoples for on-time supports  
So Friend this is what my review according to myself ...  
The Lenovo A7000 is " This is not Just a Smart Phone ...A Digital Galaxy in a Your Palm hands !!! "  
Thank you Everyone and all 
 i brought the lenovo A7000 the phone was a worest one. call connects but no voice on other side. frequent error message "proactive SIM command rejects with ME". since i change my both SIM with NEW Micro SIM'S. but the problem remains. 
 After purchasing Lenovo A7000 in the very first flash sale, I found the following problems with it: 
(1) The quality of both front and back camera is very poor. Infact you can say its PATHETIC. Xiaomi Redmo worth 6K had far better cameras than this phone worth 9K. 
(2) The navigation keys do not have backlight. A phone worth 9K should have them. 
(3) There is no notification LED. These days many phones have this feature.  
(4) The backcover is flimsy, and feels may get easily broken. 
(5) The speaker is not loud enough even at full volume. The claim that this is the first phone to have Dolby ATMOS is of no use. There is nothing great about the sound quality. 
(6) The quality of headphone is poor. They are just like sub-Rs.100 cheap headphones. 
(7) The value of SAR is at head is relatively high. 
(8) There is no brand logo on the front side. 
Apart from the product, another problem is buying product from Flipkart in flash sales especially the first sale of the product. At that time you do not know what will be the quality of the product and there are no reviews available till that time. 
If you buy the product and you do not like the quality ... Your Money is gone down the drain as Flipkart and the brand will disown you and won't return the product and will not refund your money. 
Brands like Lenovo are using Flipkart as an exclusive platform to launch their products but are not taking any responsibility of customer satisfaction. 
Avoid this product at all cost ... go to a showroom, get hands-on feel on any other device and buy it. 
 Heating problem .. like a hot pan near your head....I got this phone on 18th May. I was waiting for this new gadget though it expected to deliver on 1st June i got it before thanks for quick delivery. First look and feel is too good light weight, slim..The problem realised once I started using the phone.. from 2 or 3 min you will feel the heat near the ear piece.. This is my 3 smart phone HTC, Moto E normally I faced this kind of heating problem after using for 1+ year..Sad part is I wanted to return this for other brand but no option but to get a new piece ..so buy with your own risk.. 
 Got this delivered today for a friend. I personally use a OnePlus One and a Nexus 5 and am amazed how close the A7000 is in performance to these. The in built speaker specifically is way better than my devices. 10 Stars without doubt.  
 I am not going at the specs as you can already see it over flipkart.The phone at first look steals your heart with its beautiful design & slimness.The second thing people are giving poor rating for camera & earphones.Let me clear this out the headphone is definitely cheap quality but most of the brands(Xiaomi,Huawei, Motorola etc) they do not ever bother to provide a headphone but atleast Lenovo did. Second comes the camera the performance of the camera is good in daylight but becomes horrible at night even with flash. (Cmon its just 8999/- not a 18999/- ,so bad camera is adjustable at this price point with such specs.) Thirdly coming to DOLBY ATMOS feature , it worked good with my Sony XB headphones. But again you need to hear same song on a Dolby atmos phone & a non dolby phone to understand the difference.
Final conclusion: Good buy under 10k.Other phones in its competition have serious problems like Yu Yureka has problem with screen quality. Asus Zenphone having problem with battery. Moto Phones having serious problem with hardware functionality. Buy it blindly don't worry. 
 Don't buy.Below low quality. Poor sound quality cheapest material,Front camera is similar to 2 mp. Back camera is also not up to the mark. Not having any good quality. 
 1.HEATING ISSUES: The phone heats up badly, and cant speak & Browse morethan 5min. 
2. SOUND OUTPUT: Sound out put is really really low. Dolby Atmos is not even good via headphones. DOLBY ATMOS is something which made me buy this phone, but I am really disappointed. 
3. Sudden drop in network. 
4. Rating 0. 
 Unfortunately I purchased a Lenovo A7000 and suffered a lot. When i make or receive a call
my voice goes down and the call disconnected and the phone get heated within a minute. I informed the problem and asking for the replacement from flipkart. They advice simply do some settings and the problem still persist. They not at all reliase the customer problem. 
I never expected such a WORST service from FLIPKART. 
 The phone had superior features , but getting heated for even 5 minutes call. Its not worth to buy for 9K for this phone 
 after 6 months of buying lower half of touch screen is not working. phone automatically clicks.
how can i solve this? 
 worst mobile , screen touch stop working , replaced by service centre . again stop working now in 1 month , if u have a free time to go to-service center again and again they buy this phone , got heat while using ,one day it gonna blast it seems 
 I had used this device for 6 months and this is my review.
The touch is a big drawback of this mobile. It don't respond well after some 3 months of usage.
Compared to the other pieces in the market of same price segment, the touch sensitivity is low.
The memory is a drawback. With only 8 GB you will be able to install a handful of apps and after some 5 months, you will run out of space for apps. This seriously effects as you need to clean the apps and install. 
I don't recommend this mobile for any one.
Infact, the touch of all the Lenovo mobiles is more or less the same.
Please consider other mobiles in this price segment. 
 i have gone to service center they have told for service 10 days it looks cheap quality My suggestion to customer's better don't go to purchase this mobile 
 The first thing is Touch of the Screen is not at all Good. For Keying words you will have to push the button hard still if it senses then only the character will appear. 
On Complaint Flipkart will send you an application to check the touch of the phone. And I m sure it will work fine because when you do some test u will press hard and it will show that the touch is working properly. Infact it is not. 
Then you will recieve a call from Flipkart executive that the phone has passed the test and we cannot replace it. 
The battery life is not good. An half an hour call will exhaust all the battery even if it is charged 100%. 
The quality of the accessories Provided are worst. Seems to be purchased from a street vendor. 
Dolby ATMOS has no impact on quality of the sound. 
You cannot play games as the touch do not work properly. 
Camera quality is not at all good. Does not seems to be of 8 Megapixel. Front camera is even worst. 
Suggest not to buy (At least from flipkart) as I have registered complaint 2 times and they show their helplessness. They will listen all your problem and the solution they provide is that we cannot do anything as the phone has passed the check. We cannot do anything. 
The touch seems to be very inadequate while typing something when you a using Whatapp or SMS service. You just have to know the key to get the character. 
The not get into dilemma on sale offering good. You will loose your hard earned 9000 Rs. 
 This phone was a gift for my wife. I am not happy with it. Firstly, when the phone arrived, the headphone socket was defective. The headphone plug would not fit in and fall out. I complained and after 1 week of calls with Flipkart and Lenovo, Flipkart replaced it after 1 more week. 
As we had relocated from Hyderabad to Mumbai. It took us some time for Vodafone to supply us a SIM to activate the phone. Two more weeks had passed. Wen the replaced phone was activated we found that the microphone in the phone has problems. When I complained again Flipkart told me that as 30 days had passed since the purchase. They can not replace it, I have to contact Lenovo.  
When I went to the Lenovo Service Centre at HCL Tower, Marol, Andheri East, Mumbai, I found a lot of angry customers sitting there and 1 clueless person attending to them. He was simply asking people to leave their phones behind and that they would get back later. No diagnosis or replacements being done. He simply said "Engineer not available." As my wife would have to be without a phone we came back as we were in the midst of a relocation and could not afford to be without a phone. 
So, my wife has to use the phone with the headphone for her voice to be heard by the other party. The microphone on the headphone works. 
I don't feel I should have gone for a Lenovo phone and I am unhappy with both Flipkart and Lenovo for this. I don't recommend you buy this phone as there is no certainty of it being defect free and service is non-existent. 
 Please dont buy this mobile Lenovo A7000, its a china local product. from last 10day i am using this phone its continuously emitting heat for call and data usage.
When i approach Flipkart they are say that it will emit heat upto 48 degrees, if its crossing 48 degrees then they will help . my phone alway its heating upto 45 degrees at any point of time. 
No where its mentioned in product specification that it will generate heat up to 48 degrees
Please dont buy this product. Still if you buy this Lenovo A7000 end of the day you have to suffer with head ache 
 You cannot imagine such a worst phone unless you experience a problem.  
The phone has all the features which is beyond normal smartphone and below 10k but if you have a problem it will make your whole mobile dead.  
I bought this phone before a month and was working very fine to me, before two days i had issue with the camera hence i took the phone to the service center, they checked the device and said the camera chip was short circuited and hence the phone will not turn on. 
The service center is arguing that there is no way of fixing this issue and phone is totally dead. You cannot judge the manufacturing defects unless it is a month old and you can also not claim for a new mobile if its more than one month. Waste of spending 9000 and you will realize only when you see problems. 
 I used Redmi4g ..
Sold !!
Then Yu Yureka
Sold (too much laggy and software problems) 
I bought Lenovo A7000 ..
Nd dude! Its jst too awsm ..
You can't find its con's .. Seriously! 
Superb phone wid super performance! 
Battery+Camera+Performance=Best !!   
Hello,
Here I'll upload the useful review of the phone, nd all my findings, for Basic & Advanced users.
I purchased it 1 month prior to my brother's birthday, nd used it for one month. before gifting.
Now ordering one more for myself.
I own a Canvas HD (rooted miui5.0 rom).
I purchased this from flipkart 1 month ago.
Flipkart delivery - PERFECT. 5/5. (delivered 5 days early.) 
About the product, NOTE- 
# Comes with a screen guard. (saves Rs 120/-).
# Phone is really sleek, nd very light, believe me really light.
# Internal Memory Available is around 2.5 GB only.
# There is no option for reducing the MPixel's in camera from 8 to 5, or VGA but camera is good.. 
# Phone is really smooth to hold, it falls for about once a day (seriously).
# All smart features available, pocket dial prevention, call recording, double tap etc. 
Lenovo A7000-
Goods:-
1. Screen quality is premium nd tough, as it fell almost 8-10 times but is good.
2. Apps can be installed totally in internal or external memory. No issue.
3. Camera performs far better then usual micromax and intex level stuff. ( I compared with the photos of nexus 4,
 nd it was fairly better.)
4.Lightning Fast, nd High Performance. Playing two games at a time, without loosing memory.
 Games like angry birds, fruit ninza, temple run, 8 ball pool... opn up like facebook app, with no processing.
 Transitions are fluidic, and crisp design.
5. Around 1.2 GB Ram is free normally, (its more then the total ram of normal phones), while gaming even 800 Mb is free.
6. Lollipop works great, and adds a touch.
7. Dolby Digital sound is crisp, very clear nd high quality.
8. Call quality is awesome, compared it with iPhone.
9. Battery is beyond expectations, nd for a heavy user it will last longer then a day nd night. (streaming, gaming, chating whole day, web surfing, nd few calls ).
10. Few awesome Lenovo features will surprise you, nd i wont break the surprise. Experience yourself
11. OTG is really on the go.. No need of any hassles just plug nd play.
12. Front Cam is really better, nd sometimes better then main camera.
13. There are color LED lights, lenovo UI, 4g Support (in one sim) nd many other plus points.
14. Camera has panorama mode, smile nd face shutter, nd various other lenovo enhancements. Shutter is good.
 Taking photo while video recording is possible. Camera is able to record high quality 1080p/720p/480p/240p videos.
15. Accesory apps can be easily un-installed. and not much of bulk is present.
16. Warrenty available in all cities on flipkart cash memo, I personally talked to the service provider. 
Bads:-
1. Camera works only at 8Mp. no reduction possible.
2. Available memory is 2.5Gb only.
3. There is no menu button in lenovo Vibe UI. ( All apps on screen, i don't like).
4. Phone is very light nd smooth, it slips often.
5. Bundeled earphones aren't very good. they don't fit with dolby sound.
6. Charger nd accesories are white nd phone is black.
7. No multi window support.
8. True octacore processor, works on all 8 cores even while operating whatsapp, thus using battery.
 No customization available.
9. Rooting is tough for now.  
## Overall LENOVO has done a great job, phone is a smartphone, (with flipkart app installed :-P) nd except 
 for the 2.5Gb memory issue, rest all is cool.
I am ordering one more for me too. :-) 
 BACK COVER IS OF CHEAP QUALITY, HEADSETS ARE WORST AND CAMERA IS BAD. its my advice that please don't buy this phone. 
 The touchpad appears defective and has gone ban within 2 months of purchase. The product initially appeared good but started showing signs of trouble in 40 days. Some of the alphabets on the touch keypad don't work. I have also tried a factory reset, but it doesn't solve the problem. The touch sensitivity area appears to have gone bad at some regions of the screen. 
 NEW REVIEW: PLEASE DO HARD RESET AND RESOLVE YOUR TROUBLE WITH LENOVO A7000 LIKE HEATING AND DRYING BATTERY. 
NOW MY FRIEND COMPLETELY SATISHFIED WITH LENOVO A7000 AFTER HARD RESET, ALL USERS RECOMMENDED HARD RESET PLEASE. 
OLD REVIEW: 
LENOVO A7000 
= FULL BATTERY WORKS ONLY 3-4 HOURS 
= PHONE HEATING TOO MUCH 
= BEFORE 30DAYS I REQUESTED TO FLIPKART FOR REPLACE, BUT EVERY TIME THEY SUGGEST THEIR SUGGESTION LIKE DOWNLOAD APPLICATION, RESET, REBOOT BLA BLA BAL 
= I ALWAYS HAPPY WITH FLIPKART BUT THIS TIME I CAN SAY VERY POOR SERVICE THEY ARE GIVING AS MY THIS LENOVO A7000 PURCHASE. 
= PLEASE IF YOU FLIPKART IS REALLY GENUINE ONLINE SERVICE, PLEASE SUPPORT PROPERLY OTHERWISE YOU LOST YOUR CUSTOMER. 
WAITING FOR YOUR VALUABLE REPLY WITH YOUR CUSTOMER HEAD PERSON 
I RALLY NOT WANT TO WRITE THIS BECAUSE YOU FLIPKART FULLY GIVE BETTER SATISFACTION WITH MY OLD PURCHASE BUT THIS TIME REALLY NOT HAPPY WITH LENOVO A7000 AND YOUR CUSTOMER SERVICE. HOPE YOU WILL SOLVE YOUR CUSTOMERS QUERY AND TROUBLE SHOOT. 
 I have bought this product and using since 1 week.
It is very good product in this range. I have also compared this product with micromax Yureka but this product has more feature than that. Now Let's talk about Pro and Cons of this product. 
Pros:
----
1. Very good screen resolution
2. Camera clarity is also good and as mentioned
3. High resolution and heavy game is working smoothly
4. Very less heat produced while playing heavy game since long time
5. Power saver, blink eye photo capture, double tap to screen on, dolby sound, wide touch and many more extra features which make your device smart
6. Design is also cool and sexy. 
Cons:
-----
1. MAJOR ISSUE: Battery backup, I have tested with fully charged and it seems little less efficient. I used it for camera,whatsapp, 3G network and some youtube videos and it runs hardly 1 DAY. So If you want high battery back up you should buy power bank or other device. 
2. It has only 8 GB internal from that major part(approx. 3.13 GB) goes to system. So, You need to buy memory card If you need more storage. 
I am satisfied with this product. You will never get too many feature in this range. 
 one week ago i got the delivery from Flipkart and this phone is heating while listening music and downloading apps.
Second slot does not recognized sometimes. I complaint regarding it but they are not doing anything only i got the call from Flipkart.
Alcatel onetouch flash is good phone 
 First to mention... 
1. so many people are saying there is a heating issue...except during charging...i never found my phone getting heated.....You guys please test any other android phone ..when you play games, or use 3G for a good amount of time..the phone gets heated obviosuly.. 
2. someone mentioned in the review that the camera is poor than VGA....Not at all... It is better than MOTO G. If you have problems, update is available for that. 
3. Phone is light weight...to sacrifice weight, the build has to be average...for such a big phone, everyone uses a flip cover or a back cover..which makes it strong. Pudini flip covers are good 
4. The phone is insanely fast with octa cores and 2GB RAM. I opens a new application smoothly even after you opened some 30 apps. The switching between the apps is also fast. 
5. Ofcourse the bundled earphones are bad. Better buy a good pair of earphones...DOLBY ATMOS is simply awesome... 
6. The fully charged phone lasts for 6 hours..if you continuously keep your display ON... I think no one keeps their display ON all the time. For me, with WIFI and DATA ON, the fully charged phone is giving atleast 14-16 hours. with super power mode, you can use it for two days 
7. The Lenovo UI is simple and fast.  
8. The best things are the smart features ...I never got to use my power button at all...Double tap wake up..slide wake up...are good...the dial pad sliding...off screen gestures...scheduled power on and off...etc  
9. Its 4G 
Remember phone is a phone...we never use it all the time in a day...use it for what it is meant for with its smart features...Enjoy... 
 Phone is good except the mic module does not work and one has to literally shout for another person to hear on another end...it is like 10% of the normal mic strength..even the sound recorder application proves that...you will have to make or recieve calls with a handsfree or a bluetooth headset all the time...and for me that is a big NO...  
The fact is the lenovo is a infamous price cutter selling substandard product by tapping the advertising might of this ecommerce behemoth and i sincerely hope that this behemoth falls from the tower it sits on proudly..Sooner or later..!! 
 In many lenovo models having same problem.
Again they have split the phone storage 8gb into usb and internal(Actually both are inside the Phone ).
you can add memory card32gb i.e. fine. 
After few applications and updates the internal memory gets full and many applications like fb, google packages, etc you cant move to external card. but remains the other partition of 4gb till free but you cant use it. You can check the draw back by installing the APP MGR III or disk usage & storage analyser  
I request Lenovo developers/designers, Please do not split the internal storage into usb and phone memory. I hate the worst concept. 
We are purchasing mobile phone at a cost of Rs.8000 or Rs.9000 whether we cant purchaser memory cards by Rs.500/- 
 A very nice phone, b4 buying this i had compared Yureka, Micromax A311, len 6000, xiaomi note 2, Undoubtedly Yureka takes the lead (as per specs) but due to its looking appearance and thickness i didnt go for it. Mind it Yureka has higher specs but Antutu benchmarking (evaluates overall performance) is highest for Lenevo A7000, its more than Mi4,yureka and many high end phones. But aprt from this If your budget allows go for Asus zenfone 2 (2Gb/4Gb).
Pros:
1. Amazing GPS/navigation, I never came accross such fast and accurate better performing navigation system, Microsoft Lumia has this much better GPS, no other phone whatsover may be the brand has this type.
2. Amazing touch: touch is simply superb, better than samsung, yureka, xolo, micromax has no comparision.
3. User Interface is also very nice and user friendly, i dont need to mention doesnt lag, no delay etc etc. Gaming is also good but i dont game.
4. Android Lollypop, that aint a big deal as upcoming mobiles will get it. 
Cons:
1. Inbuilt memory 8Gb
2. Camera is better than Yureka but not as good as samsung and all. I found front camera much better than rear camera.
3. Crappy headphones which came along-with. Lenevo shud really think about it, giving dolby sound and providing a crappy earphones is just childish, charge a few more bucks but provide a good earphone. But you can use some good earphones older ones, i am using my old Samsung earphones and the output is awesome. 
 I usually prefer to buy online products such as flipkart but this time flipkart cheat with the buyers description and looks on the registered page defer. we can see Brand Logo on the front display but actually wasn't there on the Phone. 
When i ask for refund flipkart refuse, they said this is original product and actual look but my Q is when the logo is not there then why flipkart displayed promotional photos of phone with brand logo on the registered page. without Logo its just looking like a China phone even build quality is so poor and Camera worst. 
 Mobile is very Nice & Good looking, Good performance Nice Front camera comparing to rear camera. Better improvement on Rear camera. 
 I bought this phone for my wife to replace the Moto G (1st gen) she was using since past year. This model fulfilled following requirements: 
1. Low weight: Quite a relief compared to Moto G and Oneplus One (my phone) 
2. Dual SIM. 4G makes it future ready. 
3. Good display. I rejected Moto E on this criterion. 
4. Good battery. This is favourable compared to Yu Yureka - in practical usage the battery life is very good compared to 3-4 phones I have personally used in last 2 years. 
The bonus was the OS and UI, which has many nifty features. 
Rated 5 stars. 
 Poor EarPhone Quality is provided with the Phone Battery Doesn't Last Longer Than 5 Hours,Will Replace This Handset. 
Overall Its Smooth But Without Batttery Life and Sound Quality a Phone Is Handicapped 
 I ordered this phone 2PM Wednesday Flipkart Sale, I was excited to get this phone as at this price there is no phone comparatively better, I checked the specifications & compared with Asus Zenphone 2 & Xiaomi Mi4i (those are even better, but the price was higher may be because of those Internal Memory). 
I asked for In-A-Day Delivery & paid additionally INR 90 at about 2:01 PM & was expecting it to be delivered within 24 hours, but there was 3 hours delay for the delivery of product.  
However, when the phone was in my hand, I forgot all the past & is a happy buyer. 
Phone operates so smoothly even after I installed all the apps. 
Worth at the price. 
For Flipkart Delivery: 3/5
For Lenovo A7000: 5/5  
 1. Great Display
2. Slim
3. Looks Good
4. Music quality good
5. Android L Look Very Best.
6. Over all Phone is Very good. 
Phone specs are awesome.
It has Octa Core ARM Cortex A-53 clocked at 1.50 GHz along with Mali T760 GPU.
Got an OTA update of 92 MB as soon as I received this phone (May be some bug fixes).
Available storage is 3.5 GB (approx.)
Battery temperature is between 30-35 degrees in normal usage. Will test how much it heat up while gaming. 
Available sensors:
Accelerometer
Proximity
Luminosity (light sensor)
Magnetometer (e-compass)
Orientation
Virtual Gyroscope sensor
Rotation Vector Sensor
Gravity Sensor
Linear Acceleration Sensor 
Dolby is working with external speakers too however it can be best experienced with a headphone. 
Google play music is the default music player, UI is good, it's not taking lot of RAM as it used to be in previous versions. Available RAM is 1077 MB while no apps are running in background (except the processes :P) 
Rear Camera is not that great, front camera is excellent. 
 Bought it in first flash sell and delivered in 2 days.
I bought A7000 because of Dolby Atmos + dual sim + bigger battery + lenovo brand (expecting fast updates and bug fixes) 
 It is true that Dolby atmos is worth, it will change any media play like you tube soundcloud etc. But when I used poweramp media player Dolby Atmos got automatically switched off and was not getting started. Though sound from poweramp felt best with full bass and superb surround. Where as sound + display from you tube was also tends to best when used in custom mode of Dolby Atmos.
Here one thing should be noted that the sound from A7000 when Dolby atmos was enabled, was impressive, in terms of surround and bass when compared to other cell-phones like motog. Lenovo is light years ahead in terms of sound quality. 
Battery was responding very good , i put lenovo a7000 under continuous wifi connection ,social media (fb wtsapp), youtube usage was heavy (almost 4 hours of the day) for me it lasted for more than 2 days. 
I received 3 updates till the time I am writing the review and it is recommended to update asap coz after first update Dolby was not functioning properly, but with second update it was booming. 
Camera felt ok , not very gr8 but for sure not disappointing, selfies were good.
I do not play heavy games so cant comment on that.
I did not felt heating problem at all (with light games) , may be because of no heavy game. But for any device using high graphics heat will be produced. now how much a7000 produces under heavy graphics usage will be part of investigation. 
I did not felt any Wifi connection drop or less download speed. 
Touch is very responsive and while using a7000 I felt it has really good processor and graphics processor. Performance was good and exceeds my expectations. 
In the box accessories: you will find other things crap. You shd have to have good headphones (i recommend bits audio) to enjoy a7000.
So if u r buying it to get best multimedia experience do consider budget for quality headphones or else u will not experience it at fullest. 
Overall A7000 fulfills my needs and exceeds my expectations so 5 stars. But at times I found that Dolby had tried to keep atmos experience protected and one can not use it wildly so -0.5 star the build quality is not like moto g (moto gis like Roudy Rathod) so once again -0.5 star 
Recommendation: 
[ better android smart phone (not best) ] + [ best multimedia experience + fair battery ] = This is what you need
Then wait for next flash sell of a7000  
I would like to know if any one had tried to connect a7000 to 5.1 systems like Fnd 6000 .
How was the experience and what were the steps followed to do so. 
 1) nice phone at rs. 8999/- but dont expect too much. slim phone and looks great in hand. the material used for the body is not so bad. dont expect the quality of a rs. 40000+ phone in rs. 8999/-. 
2) the camera is good. taken pictures at night and the quality of the pictures are not bad. good phone for selfy. used the phone for more than 36 hours and the battery is now 60% (AFTER CLOSING MAX APPS AND POWER SAVER ON). 
3) sim 1 supports 4g/3g/2g and sim 2 supports 2g (both micro sim).
the screen guard that comes with the box is not of good quality, better to buy one from outside and the headphone looks very cheap (white color). 
4) the charger chord is not very long (white color). 
5) sound quality is good. 
6) near about 4.5 GB internal memory after excluding all apps. 
7) the ram is 2GB but it always shows 1200 - 1300 MB available. 
rest same as other android phones. 
i dont think u will regret after buying this phone. go for it. 
 I am writing this review after 4 days of using handset. Before it also used Samsung Grand Quattro & Lumia 520 
About Flipkart Delivery Service 
Excellent delivery from Flipkart. Ordered on 22nd April, 2015 (2.40 PM) & Received handset on 23rd April 2015 (3.00 pm) But sad that delivery options was not available for Chandigarh, so arranged to delivered at friend address at Delhi. 
Product Detail
1. Great product in range of Rs. 8999/- 
2. Crisp & Clear display.
3. Excellent speed with apps & other functioning.
4. Nice to saw screen guard with phone complimentary.
5. Battery backup is good for normal use (As i dont play games etc. So better to take information from peoples who played games also)
6. Very light weight.
7. Camera both front & back are good in this budget phone (Pics are better in day light in comparison to night) My friend have HTC 820s price 23000/- but camera is working same in night as this lenovo A70000
8. big 5.5 inch screen
9. Able to record full HD Video at 1080p 
Lacks:-
1. Phone should have backlight options on task buttons also. 
Over all i am very happy with phone & recommend to others they can go for it. There is not benefit to go with costlier phones as per my view smartphones have life between 1 to 2 yrs after it technology changes & we also bored with phones. So better to go with great budget phone which provide latest technology like lenovo A7000 in very nominal prices. 
 Super fast phone but headphone is worst,
buy a seperate headphone and feel Dolby Atmos, or use samsung earpiece 
really a great phone for music lover every bit in ears is superb 
anthony 
 Nice Product. As i saw the review before buying this product some people giving bad feedback on this that's why i was thinking. it may become bad product. but finally i got awesome product. every functionality working fine and i too much like lollipop version. 
 Hi,
I'm writing this after 12 days use and 1 month INTERNET research.... 
Design and Appearance : even though its has a 5.5" display , this phone is amazingly light weight and thin..So you never feel it as a big phone, its quite handy.  
Display : Very good quality diplay , HD & HQ videos playing well. 
processor : High speed &multi tasking..It will please if you are a hard core HD gamer and video viewer.. 
Battery : Good and adequate Battery even in hard core use.. 
OS : latest Lollipop OS ...!!! cool and easy  
GUI : here is where i'm expecting improvement.. hope soon they will provide updates.. 
Memory : RAM - 2GB good, but internal only 8 GB , wish it would be 16GB... 
 The features that's are given by Lenovo a7000 is enough, but the phones becomes very hot while charging that you can't touch it. Secondly the camera quality is not enough good both as front and back. Thirdly though there is micro sd slot but we are getting only 3.5 gb usage. I think Lenovo a6000 plus will be better to choose than a7000. 
 I purchased it on first flash sale and here is my 7 day usage review... 
ANTUTU BENCHMARK--43,956
NENAMARK2 --63 fps 
1)LOOKS & BUILD QUALITY--Phone looks quite impressive...doesn't look cheap at all...easy to hold in one hand inspite of being 5.5"....other phones of same screen size maynot fit in your hand....feels very light to hold... 
2)HARDWARE SPECS-- This phone is a monster in terms of overall performance and is powered by 1.5Ghz 8core Cortex A53 with MALI 760 MP2 GPU which gives immense graphics while gaming....plays all HD Graphics Hungry games like NOVA3, ASPHALT 8, MODERN COMBAT 5,etc haven't seen lag at all....gets warm within 30min of usage....can be uncomfortable due to heat if used for more than 30min of gameplay.. 
3)OS--comes with Lolipop right out of the box...very good lenovo VIbe interface.. 
4)DISPLAY--Screen Resolution is 720p and it supports 1080p Videos without any lag.... 
5)MUSIC--Now coming to the music, loudspeaker output is very good as it is supported by DOLBY ATMOS...if you want to experience better music then go for earphones like senheiser cx180 or better.... 
6) BATTERY-- it is provided with Li-Ion 2900mAh battery and gives very good backup of atleast one day usage....it has "SUPER POWER" option which can last your battery for more than 2 days if you are on long journey and make casual and short duration calls... 
7) CAMERA--very poor camera...writing 8MP in specs doesn't make it real 8MP....pictures taken with rear camera are comparable to 3 MP of other phones...front camera is very good....doesn't support video calls using SIM network...supports skype video calls though... 
Pros:
1)Best hardware for gaming and gives butter smooth touch interface.
2)Battery backup is very good.
3)Display is very vibrant.
4)Music output is very good...both in earphones and loudspeaker.
5)Front Cam is very good.
Cons:
1) Very poor rear camera. Disgusting image output...not even close to most of the 3MP camera phones...
2) Gets warm after 30min of usage...either for gaming or 3G internet usage... 
My Advice:
1) If you are a heavy gamer and likes to listen music then go for this phone...
2) If you need good Camere and decent gaming performing phone with compromised battery life then go for Yu Yureka....it still has heating issue...choice is upto you..
3) If you need overall mid range performing phone then best choice is Redmi Note 4G... 
 The overall phone is 4.5 with a drawback of earphone and average camera.
But very good deal in this price range. 
My phone is not getting any heating problems (lucky me) and i have played all kind of heavy games on my phone.
Battery backup is OK.
For all those who are saying that the volume is less in headphone please follow these steps: 
Plug in ur earphone and launch the dolby app in the phone and turn on the power of Dolby.
Select CUSTOM (Last option) in the mode section which is present by the side of voice option above.
In the Graphic equalizer please do not select the first 3 options that are present in Dark Blue, please select the option in the light blue (which is actually a Manual edit)
Now you have to Off your volume leveler and ON your both Dialogue enhance and surround visualizer which is present in the last line.
Now you have to manually swap your finger in the large bar screen which is present in the middle of the screen. you have to just swap your finger from end to another at the upper end of the bar screen and your volume level will be boosted to maximum.
Hope this helps you with the sound.    
 The Phone's 3.5MM Jack is not accurately fitted with Headsets, not only Lenovo Headsets, any Headsets (3.5MM Jack) is not supporting to this phone. 
 Hello People,
I recently bought the Lenovo a7000 in the first flash sale on April 15th and It got delivered the next day. I am an average user who does mostly browsing and playing games sometimes. 
So here are observations based on one week of usage:
My first impressions were:
Light weight and Large screen
Slim Trim
Good performance
Fast processing
Good camera quality both front and back. 
Cons:
Chances of slipping of phone very high, so hold your phones carefully.
Even though it's a 8GB ROM,user allocated memory is only 3 GB.Most of the common apps will eat up your space and you are left with around 1 GB for playing around. 
IMHO this is a very decent phone with good specs and superb performance. For an average user, you dont need to think beyond this phone. Go grab yours & Happy Phoning around :) 
 This is my first "flash sale" purchase exp and I'm glad that, I'm able to grab this power horse in the first sale itself. My initial requirement was a good android phone (I'm coming from windows background. I got frustrated with WP esp when you cant view the files that you got from your friend via bluetooth, you cant record a call.. awwwwwww... thanks am out of that eco-system) with 2 GB RAM and decent processor. 
I started my search with Moto G 2nd Gen, Redmi note 4g Bla Bla Bla... finally decided to give this beauty a try. 
Though I ordered it quickly on flash sale day, I got it after 2 days only. So no Kudos to Flipkart :( . 
Coming to the phone, it does what it promised. This is not first review for this phone, so I'm not gonna bore with same old technical details. Already other buyers would have given you ample details. Let me just write what I felt. 
1) To me Vibe UI is so cluttered without a launcher, however it is pretty responsive and I got used to it.
2) Phone performance awesome. To be frank, I'm not a game lover at all. But just to test performance of this phone, I tried playing spiderman game which has come along with this phone, but to my surprise, I started enjoying the game world. Now i frequently play games and loaded my phone with lot of games. The touch response, graphics, effects, sounds... cant explain.. maybe since I'm new to games, am exaggerating... dont know ;) 
3) Battery back-up really really decent. It stays for the whole day with games music calls 3g wifi updates.
4) Phone comes with screen gaurd. Dont misplace it. You cant find it in retail market. 
PS : Phone gets pretty heated during charging, but learnt that it is normal. Also sometimes wifi is not turning on / 3g data is not turning on. But I don this it is a issue. may be a bug. 
 Bad :
IN my 3 days use :
1. Some times touch is too hard while typing.
2. It is Hanging some times while i do multitasking.Screen becoming blank :( :(.  
 Pathetic Service from Flipkart. Never buy anything from Flipkart. They are big chors. 
They are promising everyday that they will give a call but no one calls and gives wrong updates and does not take the product back. 
 FRIENDS PLEASE READ MY REVIEW BEFORE BUYING THIS PRODUCT 
I RECEIVED THIS HEATER ON 24 APRIL AND AS SOON I STARTED TAKING THE PICS WITH IT IT GOT HEATED IN 
 Camera quality is very poor, almost feel like 2MP. Both front and back facing camera are pathetic. But everything else is good. Screen, touch, battery backup, music, video, game, app, no heating problem, etc etc are good. But this camera quality vanishes all positives things of the phone, hence 1 star. Have requested for refund, lets see if I can get money back. If you don't use camera, then it may be a good phone for you with all mentioned specifications. 
 Got the phone in first flash sale. After 5days of use my comments- 
1. very very poor camera (reminds me my old nokia VGA cam) 
2. Speaker volume is low 
3.Some time gets hot. 
4.Listening music isn't that impressive. 
5.Supplied head phone is very low quality. 
6.Screen resolution far behind tan my celkon A119Q (which i have been using for the past two years). 
7.Unfriendly UI. 
 It is the worst product. It get to much heated on charging and also get heated on call attend.
And its camera quality is too bad. with 2 gb ram and octa core processor. it getting hang and while playing the given game by the factory the screen become blank and mobile get heated. now what to do. PLEASE DON'T BUY IT. 
 Whenever I open the phone the display is blinking with different colours,some latters will be missing in the text.
I do complain to the flipkart and they check online and say there is no problem and my return request was denied.
It look like some software error or loose connection in hardware ....seems to be refurbished phone.
I was planned to buy 3 more phones for my friend and registerd but after I found this problem and the feedback from flipkartI changed my plan. 
 camera is showing error, voice is too bad. iam just thinking whether i have done good or not.
really iam at risk, god help me 
iam requesting lenovo if they really want to help customer. Please give good customer service. 
 Best smartphone I have ever used..
Very happy with its performance.. True8core processor is awesome.. Those who always say only snapdragon is good plz use this phone you will come to know what's the power of mediatek..
PROS:
1. Great looks..
2. Not that difficult to use in one hand..
3. Light weight..
4. Heavily customized android 5.0 lollipop..
5. Vibe UI is superb ( better than miui.. Miui in note 4g looks so cheap for ex. big icone in notification drop down menu and all other things copied from apple iOS for ex. settings menu ,etc)..
6. Display is awesome... FHD videos play without any lag .. N the surprise is that this phone can play 4K videos too..
7. Good primary camera( improved a lot after the update given recently , so don't see the old reviews) 
Secondary camery is awesome..
8. Good battery backup.. Lasts long, very long..
9. Good charging time ( approx 2hr 15min with charger provided with phone and ultimate power saving mode turned on..)
10. There are large many other features in the phone which Lenovo hasn't mentioned anywhere.. (For ex. Tap to light, double click vol key to capture photo without turning on camera, wide touch, swipe bottom screen to light..)
11. Metallic vol n power keys which seem to be durable..
12. Notification light(led) is also a great feature which isn't mentioned in Flipkart..
13. No lags , no frame drops while playing games like asphalt 8 with 100 percent graphics...
14. No heating even while playing heavy games.. 
15Very slim and light weight..
16. Face unlock feature 
17. Best smartphone which one should not miss at this price.. 
CONS:
1.No backlit keys
2. Lacks gorilla glass.. 
No mero con's.. 
Verdict: 
GO FOR IT
I'M SURE U WILL BE SATISFIED.... 
 The Lenovo A 7000 picture displayed on the Flipkart sale has lenovo mark on the front btu the actual product does not have. So it raise a question on the genunity of the delivered product. 
 I have used this phone 3 days 
Cons.
1.Phone heats very quickly while calling. Very hard to use for long calls 
2.Camera quality is pathetic.
3.Sound clarity is just average.
Pros.
1. Superb performance no lagging .
2. Good looking
3.battery back up superb , it will last min. 12 hours with very massive use . 
 4.Touch pad also very smooth . 
5. Downloading and browsing speed is good.
6.Light weight
...............
IF YOU ARE A HEAVY CALLER DONT BUY THIS PHONE , BECAUSE OF ITS HEATING ISSUE
(I feel pain in my head and ear) 
 after using this phone for over 10 days, i can sum up few things atleast..
1) it has poor battery.. i have to charge it after every 8-10 hrs
2) it is heating again n again dont know the reason, but most of the times i am feeling it hot
3) although it has a 5mp front camera, i am not satisfied
4) it has a low sound, i have set the volume levels at the highest point, but still it is unclear while attending the call. 
i even asked the executives to replace the phone, but i am not sure what is going around as they havent cleared anything. 
 i used this product 3 days in 3 days by using cal r using net surfing r charging n gaming full heating in front face camera aria. i called flipkart to replace its under processing 
 i will give 2 star , because built Quality and camera... Both are very bad.
i felt like i have purchased a grey market chinese product with no gurantee warantee .. 
i will not recommend it 
Sorry lenovo , but not a good effort .  
 Pros
 1). Spec wise good and configuration is fabulous.
 2). Light Weight
Cons:
 1). Body built is very poor quality.
 2). With in 3 Days audio(Speaker) has gone.
 3). Quality wise not satisfied this one. 
 Deliver defective mobile twice...
very bad sound quality
build quality is also very bad.
headphones are useless 
 Great delivery!!!!!!!!!
delivered the product the very next day..or say within 18 hrs
all the features are good but, feel that battery is lagging somewhere because within continuous use of internet for 1 hrs , battery drops from 100% to 60%, otherwise best phone available in the price range of 9k  
 I am very dissatisfied with heating issue. 
Its getting heat if I make a call / receive, If I open two or more apps, while charging.
its getting heat at upper side only.
battery backup average.
camera quality average.
accessories quality is very poor.
1st sim 4g/3g/2g, 2nd sim 2g ( cheated here) they specified 3g in specs.  
 I bought this phone on it's first flash sale and got it delivered next day.  
I have noticed following problems in the phone:
1. Phone heats up even on short time uses. 
2. Phone heats up on charging.
3. Battery backup is poor. Even in a 30 mins use of internet battery discharged from 95% to 25%.
4. During call ear piece heats up.
5. UI is not much customizable. 
 I received the phone today, with a nice packaging. The delivery was also quite fast by Flipkart. 
Now, quickly coming on the review. This phone looks good as of now, in fact very good at this price. 
The look of the phone is very classy according to me, although its very huge. Yes, it is. I don't think that you can hold it in one hand and use it with comfort. It doesn't slip though. The back is very fine, and not at all glossy. 
Out of the box user memory available would be around 3.5 to 3.6 GB. It does have some pre-installed apps, which you can uninstall.  
The display is great, with some wonderful colors. It surely does look like an HD screen. The touch is super smooth and the screen is very receptive, which is good. One drawback is, the capacitive touch keys do not light up. This is one cost cut done by the company. The another major drawback and cost cutting by Lenovo is not giving a gorilla glass. Without that, even after putting the screen protector (provided in the box), the screen does attract a lot of fingerprints. It acts like a fingerprint and dust magnet actually.  
The WiFi works very fine on the phone. So does the OTG.  
Now coming to the Camera. The selfie front shooter is very fine and at this price you can't expect more than that. The problem is the primary rear camera. The primary camera is not that good, however, that doesn't mean its not good at all. It is above average, and that's add another drawback to this phone. Although, for me, camera was never an issue, so not a problem for me. :) 
The battery doesn't seem to be extraordinary. It is okayish, which can end up to 8 hours max with decent usage. It drains very fast on 3G. It was 51% when I got it, and after decent usage for 2.5 hours, it is now close to 20%. So, you can get the idea. However, this might be an early call, so I'd comment on this maybe after a week or two.  
The best part about the phone: Dolby Atmos. I won't say much about this. You just use it, and you'll know how good it.  
Final verdict: You won't get a better phone at this price. Go for it! 
 Contents of the box also include a USB charger, an earphone and a Lenovo screen guard. 
The phone is well built and feels very light weight. 
The camera quality is average. 
 Can comment on Phone only after using it for 2-4 days..
But for sure the accessories are not good looking , they are like very low quality which are available on footpaths...  
Disappointed with accessories provide. 
 Dear All 
Once again the Flipkart making all consumer fool by hinding the product information on their specification.Today i have received their newly launched mobile Lenovo A7000 where i found that only one Sim is LTE and other sim only support 2 G.i have intiated the refund for my hard money as they are cheating consumers like us .At present they have deneid for the refund of my amount as they do t have any such policy.but i would fight for same at all levels.  
 I got this phone on May 10th, 2015. After usage, everybody with whom I speak, started to complain that my voice is getting break and cannot be heard intermittently. Almost for all calls same thing is repeating. Now I am fed up with this phone and not interested in continuing this set anymore. Only battery life is compensation for this worst phone. 
 Bought this phone after reading review for a6000, and it didnt disappoint me within 9k it awesome,2GB ram , nice display camera quality i will tell above average but with 9k price tag camera works nice both front and back.lots off effect inbuilt to take picture,music quality is ok but with dolby you will feel nice music.phone is light weight so always have fear of it falling down.need to buy guard for it  
only cons is available memory is 2gb for user so had to delete some app and need to buy a memory card for it.  
for 9k this phone is much better 
 I have replaced my cell once. But in new one after some time same touch is not working properly. Now the one month perios is expired so I cannt replace it. And on lenovno service center there is long queue so it is totally wasting of time & money. 
 dont purchase this phone it is not good touch screen is very bad dont purchase its is BAKWAS................... 
 flip kart can offer a free 1 tb storage drive but if once we place the order flipkart says We regret to inform you that the offer for 1 year office365 free subscription and 1TB storage was not available on Lenovo A7000, Due to some technical error it was displayed on the product page. 
 THE HEAT GENERATED BY THIS MOBILE IS AMAZING NO OTHER HEATER CAN NOT PERFORM LIKE THIS.. 
YOU CAN USE IT AS ROOM HEATER.. 
 The product in this price range is good. It is getting heat while in call. And in browsing also it is get heating up both in wifi and data connection. Any one can suggest me for bug fix for heating issues. I will give only 3 star because of heating issue. And the speed is not that much as anticipated. Think twice before going for this product. 
After one and half month of usage i will suggest those who want to go for this phone means please drop your idea. This is not good phone wifi not working (it show connection but no data transfer taking place) very poor. 
Till date of using this phone i am giving this review - those who want to register please drop the idea to buy this. I am carrying iron box in my pocket. If your shirt shrinks please use your a7000 phone to use any data or call and iron on the shrink area. I never giving negative review of purchased product from flipkart with small problem except this a7000. With so many problem how they are selling this product to the customer i don't know, god only knows.Please don't buy this product. waste of money wifi problem, hanging problem, phone is slow not responding while disconnecting the call, heating issue, battery drain fast in 12hrs, normal usage (no video and game) you have to charge at the end of 12th hour. Even though system update no use. if you are willing to waste 9k go for it. 
Till date of using : My humble suggestion don't buy this phone. i tried factory reset then i end up with no wifi connection now i am using only data connection for all the work even i download app from google play store. Those who want to buy this phone please check with some one who purchased already near by you definetly they will give their phone free to check. i am fed up with this nonsence lenovo a7000 phone. now i am very much scared about lenovo product.  
Occasinally seen that the Lenovo K3 is in market don't but  
 i bought this stupid phone on apr- 30. The Speaker quality is too worst. When you listen to music, the loudspeaker produces noise that dominates the music. You will feel like you are using cheap quality china phone while hearing music. I asked for a replacement but i did not get proper response. 
 I am using this mobile from past two weeks . The one big draw back I observe in this phone is Getting Heated . When we Browse or talking in the Phone the front glass is getting more heated. Apart from that Phone performance is good. 
 I don't know if I am the first to get such offer 'power button not workin'  
geez....how do I start the device without it... 
Also do not answer your call when it's charging...this dude just gave me a nice burn on my ear..... 
I will modify the rating once I receive new piece 
thank you
AJ 
 I am posting this review after using this phone for one week 
Very smooth functioning, zero lag, never hangs
Nice display and colors are excellent
Touch is excellent
Awesome performance (With apps, high end games, browsing, etc)
Secondary (front facing) camera is good as compare to primary 
Didn't find the back-lit light option (home screen button)- If any body having the option to turn-on the backlit ?? 
 I was very much excited to buy the phone. Thanks to Flipkart service, delivered before time. 
About phone, not so good with cheap plastic accessories. 
facing issue with speakers. used earphone as well but cant experience the well advertised Dolby atmos function of it.  
 Only the earphone is not ear tight and no Lenovo back cover but overall it is Awsome. Dont think and search anymore guys, this is a complete entertainment package with latest technology. I am satisfied with the performance too. 
 Great display,Slim & looks good,Awesome music quality,no lag no heating.
Performance of the phone seems to be very good so far.
but problem is earphone is third class..please change it 
 Right side screen's touch isn't working due to Software issue.
So dont choose this mobile. If you already bought this mobile dont upgrade the system software. 
 Over the years India has become a dumping ground for all cheap electronic devices from China. And also there is no proper consumer protection in India. I bought Lenovo A9000 in April 2015 during flash sale. I felt lucky to get one high feature phone for good price. The phone worked well for 5 months but after that problems started. The front and back cams suddenly stopped working. When I took it to Lenovo service center in Hyderabad, they put my cellphone with them for four days and then they called one afternoon and said that it got damaged due to water, where as the mobile never came into contact with water. The service center people then told it costs 6000 (six thousand rupees) for repairing camera. The mobile price is 9000(nine thousand rupees). When I escalated the issue to Lenovo India Smartphone Technical Support (smartphonets@lenovo.com), they gave me a very "smart" reply stating that "Since the service center has confirmed that it is water damage, get service from the service centre on chargeable basis". So, this is a new way of cheating people by selling cheap quality mobiles any saying that it is damaged due to customer negligence. Therefore they are selling cheap quality phones virtually without any warranty. I request everyone to buy one good quality phone from a good brand even if it costs more because they stand for ethics and give good after sales service. Generally their mobiles won't create any problem. And also they don't cheat people by saying that the mobile doesn't cover under warranty if you get problems within warranty period.
There is no zero/negative rating. Otherwise I would have given it. 
 one off the worst mobiles , 100% of Lenovo phone will get touch pad issue. Service centre not bothered. Lenovo company is not bothered once the product is sold. 
why are they allowed to sell this product when its bound to get into touch pad issue 
believe me this is worst product , I came through many reviews all 100% phones having touch pad issue 
 I have never a mobile like this, Such a waste after using for 6 months, you will really throw it away, we must sue this lenovo company for selling china sets in India and cheating us, Local china mobiles are good than this Lenovo. 
 Negative Aspect:
============
1) I bought a Lenovo a7000 model. Suddenly there was a problem with my OTG and usb debugging. I went to service center mention below. Even though the product still in warranty period they reluctant to take the product for service. They were asking me Rs 1800 /- to change the usb pin. 
2) Service is very very bad. They won't even attend the call. Thats how they work.
3) Product back cover is not that much good.
4) Not a rugged product like moto  
Boson India Pvt ltd
23/10, 4TH MAIN ROAD, GANDHI NAGAR, ADYAR, CHENNAI- 20
044 24425541 
Positive Aspect:
===========
 * Mobile Camera is very good.
 * Nice rendering of HD video. 
 * Even you open more than 10 application, there won't be any degrade in performance.
 * Every nice gadget to play game
 * Worth for the money
 * Very slim and handy  
 I am writing after using the product for 5 months. The touchscreen started being unresponsive from few weeks of purchase. I got the touchscreen from Lenovo service center but again after few weeks, the same problem started haunting.  
Every time, the touchscreen gets unresponsive, I had to restart my phone and the phone just works fine.  
Dont buy any Lenovo phone. 
 Lenovo has sold a scrap. Lags a lot. Battery made of poor plastic. Backside of the phone is plastic. 1 ghz motorola phones with 1 gb ram performs better than this. Never ever buy this phone. 
 Lenovo mobile Touch screen is not working. kindly help me in resolving this issue. or provide me near(jalahalli cross) by service center for lenovo 
 pathetic product please never buy this product .. Lenovo sucks . I would never recommend this product to any one .. Personal Advice .. They are shit in mobiles 
 it has accessibility to big games and unkown apps had great battery power but still to improve and the problem is Heating not as much as high 
 The First Lenevo a7000 that I received had some signal issues and I requested for an exchange and it was done . With the exchanged one , after few months .. I have the worst Touchscreen experience after using A7000. It is too irritating to keep pressing the same key multiple times . 
 The right hand half side of the touch screen is not working just after 3 months of buying and also am facing a bad customer service experience as well. Lenovo authorised customer service centre is saying that it will take 15 - 30 days to replace the touch screen as they have to order the touch screen from china and they don't have it readily available, for a single button also they will order it from china only after you handover the handset to them to have it fixed. 
Phone looks good with all super features but with this defect all becomes zero as the phone doesn't help us at the right time with this kind of defect and i have read in Lenovo Community forum that this issue is faced by a millions of customers worldwide with this product. 
So i strictly recommend not to buy this mobile rather go for other brand. 
 Dear friends dont buy this product , because i have purchased the product from flipkart after 4 months display gone & for service it is taking aroung 2 to 3 months. 
dont buy this product 
 I really regret for purchasing this phone. 
1) Camera: Its the worst ever camera i have seen . You will be scared to see the pictures taken using this phone.
2) Memory: As the internal memory is just 8GB which is maximum occupied by phone software and default apps.. you will end up in out of memory very sooon. The bad thing is its not supporting apps to be installed on SD card.
3) Youtube: Suddenly crashes sometimes. 
Remaining aspects are OK... 
Final suggestion: I wont suggest anyone to purchase this phone.. 
 hello sir/mam,
i have purchase a leneovo A7000 mobile date on 14 August, 2015 2:19 PM and my order receive in 21 August 2015 
but my mobile battery is not good i have change my mobile or battery  
 I am using this phone since last 5 months and believe me, these 5 months were hell for me.
This is the worst mobile I have ever purchased. Why I am saying that this is one of the worst mobile in market 
Pros: None 
Cons:
1. Hangs a lot.
2. Screen and touch freezes and not work until you restart mobile.
3. Overheating while on call or playing games.
4. Software is worst and most of the time if I am trying to open something it just keeps pushing the back button without any reason, and of course, restart is the last option after that.
5. When a call is coming, I keep pressing and dragging the Answer button and hoping that call would pick up sometime.
6. Volume is very low. Dolby sound is not going to sell this product at all.
7. buttons doesn't work most of the time. You need to try hard enough to get your job done.
8. Camera quality is very bad, both front and back.
9. Headphone which was provided with the phone is not up to the mark. 
I am keep trying to use this phone for at least 3-4 more months because I can't afford to buy mobiles in such short intervals. I have used Sony xperia s before I brought Lenovo a7000 and this phone is killing me now. I am not even interested to give 1 star to this product. 
Warning: Beware and do not waste your money on this phone. 
 its been more than 5 months i am using this mobile phone..i got it wihtin just one day. and i must say itz worth buying within this range..though sometime it freezes while working only when phone memory is full.. the sound quality is not that upto the mark. camera quality is so so. the battery drains v fast. 
 Read this before buying this product.
1) Lenovo A7000 is not meant for camera and selfie lovers.
2) In my experience, its never suits for the ones who talk in phone 24X7. (Heating Problem) 
This is the best mobile under Rs.9000 (I bought it for Rs.8999). 
Pros:
1) Good Display clarity
2) Good Performance
3) Good compatibility and user friendly. (Secure Zone option is the best thing for this UI)
4) Multi user support with secure zone.
5) Best for price.
6) Sound system is good but Volume is low for headset. 
Cons:
1) OVERHEATING ALWAYS. (Can be used as cooking stove while travelling)
2) Average Cameras (But acceptable).
3) Touch sometimes little bit slower and stuck.
4) Battery dries out very fast while using Mobile Internet and Wifi. (Battery is good for listening music while travelling).
5) I had a problem with its Wifi for two weeks. Wifi was not working and it worked after some days.
6) Lenovo Service Center (Kochi) is giving bad customer service and employees are terrible. I request you all if anything happens to your Lenovo Phone, Take it to the graveyard and pray.
7) Stock headset is "Good for Rs.20".   
 DEAR ALL,
AFTER THE LAUNCH OF LENOVO PEOPLE GOT CRAZY OF BUDGET SMART PHONE. PLEASE DONY BUY LENOVO FROM WS RETAIL , A VERIFIED FLIPKART RETAILER. MY TOUCH SCREEN OF NEWLY BOUGHT LENOVO A7000 GOT DYSFUNCTIONAL. MESSAGESCANNOT BE TYPED FROM SCREEN AS TOUCH IS MALFUNCTIONING. ITS SIMPLY WASTE OF MONEY. 
 This mobile is dumb. I bought this phone before 2 months. I never seen such a worst phone in my life. If you installed more than 10 apps then you will get the hanging issue.  
1) Hanging Problem
2) Heating Problem 
The phone is completely waste. Please dont buy this. 
 Total nice experience till now.had bought a month ago.. 
just wanted gorilla glass it would have been perfect.. 
 I wanted to purchase K3 note instead, as it has better features @ just 1K more. Unfortunately, it is not so easily available. 
Otherwise, it's a fantastic phone in its price category. 
 Using this, not felt uncomfortable. result is best, uncompromising. You can comparison it with Samsung Galaxy note neo, or Samsung galaxy S4, best phone for heavy user. 
 dont update the lastest update given to lenovo a7000 (46mb) after update the wifi stops working and speaker gets defective 
 Excellent product - Just superb performance 
I have compared lot of tabs but this one is excellent.
Sound very loud and clear, looks too good,
Camera is better
satisfied so far..clear pic and video for skype
I absolutly love it.
A very good and powerful smartphone, it's good in all the aspects. 
 Im using this mobile from 2 month and I observ network issue in this mobile and also heating isssue when Im using 3g connection. 
 nice delivery by flipkart 
1.good specs
2.good speed
3.good touch screen video quality etc 
very very bad built quality. poor quality plastic. dont even think abt opening battery cover 2-3 times 
 after 2 months of usage the wifi not working and my speaker was not working i advice not to buy this product 
 My friend & I have bought this mobile due to its high quality configuration but within few days of use both ours mobiles encountered partial/full display problem. 
And to resolve it service centre takes minimum 15-20 days to replace display screen. 
So buy XIAOMI high quality mobiles....value for money.   
 this phone is amazing for gaming purpose for children and nothing else 
the phones camera is the worst it take a shot in the dark after 3 seconds of pressing the shutter button. the camera dose not focus on a image in dark using flash 
it heats up very quickly 
it dosent get connected to wifi networks 
speakers are very poor in quality 
headphone is not worth it 
i am used this phone for 1 month and got fed up of it. it sucks. better not to buy this phone 
 Junk Product and Junk service from Flipkart.
Having heating issue and Flipkart is not responding properly. 
 Nice set but something missing from lenovo i.e. cellular video calling features is not available in the set 
 I LOVE MY NEW PHONE. EVERY THING INSIDE IT IS COOL EXCEPT THE EAR PHONE. LENOVO SHOULD CHANGE THE DESIGN OF EAR PHONE SO THAT IT CAN EASILY FIT IN EARS AND ALSO THE SOUND QUALITY OF EAR PHONE IS NOT SO GOOD. OTHER WISE THE MOBILE IS OVERALL AWSOME. IT WORKS FINE WITH OTHER EARPHONE. 
 USB cable provided is not working. I Reported the matter to Flipkart but after initial response on phone, USB cable have not yet been replaced even after 20 Days. 
By the way Very satisfying with Gadget.  
Hope Flipkart to speed up & improve complaint redressal system.   
 lenovo a7000 getting over heating while using multitasking and when playing online games it overheat within 10 minutes flipkart is not responsible for this they will say to go to lenovo service centre 
 As It has lot of issues,
1. The phone is heating while browse, facebook, whatsapp and all. 
2. While speaking opposite person is not hearing properly.
3. Contacts search also not working properly.  
 I think this phone is just an eyewash.... Lenovo cant make a nice phone....normal local phones are better than this. Price, Specification, size everything is bogus...I should have bought Lumia for this price for quality
 I have been facing severe problems with my camera..it hangs and the quality of the pic is also not that great. Touch screen is not working....there are many areas on the screen where even if I tap harder, it does not respond...such a hype they created...all waste
 People don't buy Lenovo smart phones 
 Hi
got the item on next day of ordering, as always great service.
Some positives of this handset are as follows:
* No heating while using or charging (I have seen many good brands having such issues)
* Battery Back up: It will go full day easily
* Screen clarity is great.
* Camera quality is good, I found video & front camera even better than main camera.
* 2 GB RAM is sufficient for most of the users, I have installed as many as 25 Apps apart from default one, still it runs smoothly. 
* To protect the screen better to have one thick glass screen guard, which is easily available in 2 hundreds, and I got flip covers too.
* Charging plug & cable looks strong.
* Didn't face any issue with network related issues. 
 world's worst device, 
1. heating problem- continue use of device more then 10 min 
2. quality of material is very low.
3. Lenovo phones have network drop issues.
4. I don't want to give any star to this product but I have to ( cause without that I am unable to give this valuable review to all my friends who are planning to purchase this device). 
only camera is fine. 
not recommended at all  
 Apart from camera in low light, everything is great. 
It works good without any lags. Plays almost all HD games. 
Even 2900mah battery it stays only for a day for me.
Screen and response is good.
If you dont like Vibe UI you can use google now launcher. 
Problem with sound?????? 
Everyone says, sound is not great. The headphone provided with the phablet is not good. Use some other good headphone. Then if you feel the A7000 DOLBY ATMOS is not running properly, then goto settings-> apps-> Find MusicFX and disable it if possible, or stop it from running. Because of this default equalizer, dolby atmos stops working. Now enable atmos and check sound with a good headphone, it works great !!! 
Whatsapp notification... 
When you clear the RAM, the phone stops all background processes. So lock the whatsapp in recent apps. So you will get notifications properly. 
 Hy got my phone 3 days bck
First of all nice looks n feels good in hnd
I jst got to know about k3 note today and i would really recommend it over this as you vil get 1.7 ghz processor wid 13 mp rear cam, 16gb inbuilt and the most imprtnt 441 ppi 5.5 inch display with jst 1000 extra
So i feel its wrth it but coming to a7000 everythng is amazing exept rear camera n volume though it is fine while making calls but for music it vil disappoint both with earphones n speaker (must get an earphone frm mrkt to feel the dolby atoms n u vil fall in luv)
I would prefer to get a shockproof screenguard instead of tempered glass as it is stronger n costs aroud 200 onlyNOTE: i heard alot about heating issue but i faced it only once for 5 minutes while i was using it for the first tym bt aftr that i played games for around 4-5 hours with charging on n believe me i didnt feel even 1 degree temp rise though i ws expecting sm heating
At the end i would say dat for rs8100(i got 10% discount) i cn ignore the cam n sound issues for sure
Vil update aftr trying heavy games 
IT SUPPORT 4G AS WELL AS 3G IN ONE SLOT OTHER ONE IS 2G ONLY
a bit disappointing but m ok wid it coz sensibly who vil pay for 3g to two operators 
 really amazing smartphone with
 excellent battery 
 good display quality
 excellent performance.
 camera is good but (in low light rear camera is not upto mark)
 browsing experience is also good 
 smooth interface 
 Well folks it a masterpiece at this price. Great value for money. Display, battery life and overall performance is very good. Any one looking to buy a mid range android device must go for this. 
 It's an awesome experience with it...Great Battery, Graphics and Sound. 
No lag while playing games..It works smooth and fast. 
Expecting more than this in 8999 is foolishness..
Lenovo as a brand is complete value of money..Gonna purchase K3 Note next! 
 please don't attract to such high features in low cost phone. I am already facing purchasing this product. immediately after initial first month, phone is never with me. It is always found in service centers. first with touch panel issue and later with motherboard issues. And service center doesnt have spare parts as well. Believe me, its not even worth 9k. 
Dont waste your money on such products. Otherwise you wil find urself always roamin in service centers. 
 Hey All, 
It is a good room heater for 9000 as we can use both for calling people and room heater in night...worst phone... 
if you speak continuously for 15 mins your ears will be in reddish...it will affect your ears.
after cut the call you will get headache.this is my personal experience. 
It also frequently hangs up...  
Worst battery backup i have ever seen.not even 6 hrs continuously(Note: i just attended 7 calls which is 1 hour totally). 
apps stucks in between(i have 16 gb space) 
No sound at all.....Now i lost the belief on Dolby completely. 
MediaTek processor is needs to be improved....i think 8 cores dont work completly.... 
Please dont buy it...Please dont buy it...Please dont buy it...Please dont buy it...Please dont buy it...Please dont buy it...Please dont buy it...Please dont buy it...Please dont buy it...Please dont buy it...Please dont buy it...Please dont buy it...Please dont buy it...Please dont buy it... 
Is there any rating in " - "...i would have given -7. 
Pros:
------- 
1.UI is too good.
2.Design is awesome..very sleek
3.Camera clarity is "Good(but not Better nor Best)".. 
My money got Wasted!!  
 WHO SAYS CAMERA IS NOT GOOD
EVERYTHING IS GOOD IN THIS PHONE, CAMERA IS GOOD THAN MOTO G , MICROMAX ,INTEX
PERFORMANCE IS SO FAST
BATTERY REMAINS ALL THE DAY LONG ON SINGLE CHARGE
BUT HEADPHONES ARE NOT VERY GOOD 
DOLBY ATMOS IS WORKING VERY GREAT AND IS REALLY EFFECTIVE AND IT FAILED THE HTC BRAND.
LOVE THIS PHONE 
 Have been using this phone since the last 40 days. No complaints. The surprise is the battery performance. With some tweak in the settings, am able to extract upto 48 hours of battery on a single charge and with normal usage.   
 I had purchased Lenovo A7000 from flipkart on 15th may 2015 and phone stop charging on on mode. It only charge on Off Mode now it stop charging in off mode also.
Now phone is unusable to me as it stop charging now. Now flipkart says Return period gone.
I hade spent 9000 but this model is useless and of low quality. 
 I recently purchased lenovo a7000.When i switch on the mobile data in the morning it takes a very long time to connect.After restarting it works well.Please find me a solution. 
 this product is great deal for geek and commen user who want to minimum price bt higher in specs.... i also bought this phone and i m great satisfy this superp ph..... :-) 
 It is really a very good deal in this price. Money spent on this mobile is worth.
If it would have been delivered with flip cover would have made it even more great deal.  
 battery bacup is good 
but phone is not much good.
lcd is not too much good compare to yureka
phone look is goood
price is not much i think its 8000 cost 
 Hello all, I'm writing this review after 3 days usage hours  
Pros and corns : 
1.It weighs 140g, and is 7.99mm thick, which feels a lot light in weight and thin in looks when compared to other model.
2.Though its 5.5inch in size, it is pretty compact in your hands, can access entire phone, and type messages to your friends using your left hand, while you are busy with your right. 
3.Comes with a Screen protector, which is good. Lack of Corning Gorilla glass should not be troubling you, as it has Asashi's Dragontail glass in it which i am not sure it as tough as gorilla glass.
4.It has a removable 2900mah Battery which is pretty slim and light in weight. 
For 9k, it doesnt look like a cheap phone at all as we compare with micromax YU series .
5.This phone comes with only one 4G enabled sim as compared A6000 plus which comes with dual 4G sims which has less price .
6.The phone comes with mediatek processor which is good but the which charging it takes more time as compared with qualcomm snapdragon which charges very quickly as compared to media tech processor .  
Performance: 
Performance is something which makes this phone lot superior than others. Its benchmark in CPU and GPU is close to top 5 Flagship phones available in the market.  
Let it be multitasking or HD gaming, this phone will not disappoint you. I didnt face any lag in games or apps even when it was running in low battery. It just begs you to use more. 
Video Clarity: 
But this phone has outsmarted Xperia Z miles ahead. Its 5.5inch IPS display is insanely vibrant and rich. I know there are more phones in market with better dpis like the JDI, but still I would rate this phone from my eyes. Play a 1080p video in its 5.5 inch screen, you would not hate the worst movie even.  
Camera: 
This is one of the major setback of this phone. The camera photos are blurr and its pixel is not good you will find grainy marks in the image .Looks like a VGA camera .You will not find a good photos to capture with this camera .Why i am saying is that i have used the lenevo vibe X2 with same 5 megapixel front camera while Lenevo A5000 used the same 5 megapixel camera you will find the difference .I think the hardware used are different . 
If you are looking for a phone to take selfie images its also not good .  
While being useless in pics, Video clarity seems to better, well truly, a lot better. Shoots excellent 1080p videos. 
Dont buy this phone by keeping those 5MP SC and 8MP PC in mind. 
Speaker is pretty, loud and crisp, I would definitely give a good rating for that. It has two microphones, one with noise isolation and one without.  
Battery:
Battery back is normal it last up to one day with normal usage . 
FM:
The FM strength is not good and it switch up automatically after some time if we have low memory .  
 **Pros:-
1) Economical Price
2) Hardware Specifications
3) Good Camera 
*Cons:-
1) There is a software bug in the messaging app. It won't delete your data but is irritating one. I hope it will get fixed soon with a software update from Lenovo.  
 Very disappointed with Lenovo a7000. After few min heating start, rear camera worst lots of noise, comes with lots of pre loaded app, cant unstall nor can move to SD. Using from last 3 days. Sometimes the screen hangs. 
 very very good handset or realy performance beaty cameras or stylis slim shekh 
this mobile buy i will filling very very happy..
so i reffer to my all friends buy this lenovo products 
 I bought Lenovo a7000 just 45 days back, Very worst service 
Battery charge always shows 100% So I reach customer center in chennai. They told this is not come under warranty for this they ask them to pay 6000 rupees repair this problem.Almost I spent 3 hrs in customer center more than 30 person came for services for this model and a6000 model. 
Buyers be careful about Lenovo Mobiles.  
DON'T BUY DON'T BUY DON'T BUY 
 This smart-phone is really too smart. I m using just two month this phone.this is very first, very slim , looking too good and fully updated. i m very very happy with this phone. 
 nice and smart product from lenovo......
 after 1 week of purchase, i'm writing this.
excellent performence. but as flipkart offer i didnt get office 365 subscription as i don't know how to activate it. no link is given and no information is provided regarding this. if any one konw please tell.
pros:- very good camera...even in night it takes a clear picture. dont know why people are writing in their review that camera quality is not good.
all softwares ae excellent.
features are also exxxxxxxcellent.
touch is very good.
sound quality is not excellen but very good.
video quality is awesome.
cons:- battery life standby time good. but like all other smartphone while using internet anf wifi..it lasts up to 5-6 hours of continues use. 
you will never feel disappointed after owing this phone under 10K budget. 
 Ignore all the negative reviews... People just want to mess with ur mind..
No heating, no lags and no other problems I faced...
The phone is completely worth..
Battery is quite good(specially for gamers)... 
Speaker is just awesome, but change the headsets which come along with the phone as they are of cheap quality... 
You will definitely love the sound quality...
JUST GO FOR IT... DON'T MISS 
 Everything is fine with this product... 
only problem is heat issue. if we get calls when using Internet, i felt the speaker just like a heater. 
Apart from this worth for the price. 
 I'm from RANCHI , Jharkhand odered in 10 june, 2015 2 pm confirm on 4:37 pm and got in 12 june, 2015 at 11 am. Mobile is superv in this price range rs=8999only In this smart phone best thing is battery backup(2900mAH) is too much good , no heating when charging as well as net(data on) or calling time. 2gb ram is handalle every thing in fastly phone is much better than other brand...... one thing when select the storage device of memory card then phone auto restart this is not good it is not in any other brand . I'm using samsung gt i 9100 (s2) since 2011 dec its having battery as well as heating problem(charging & data on). lenovo a 7000 is much better than LAVA X8, INTEX AQUA SPEED, HUWAI HONOR 4X...& ant top brand of this price range I suggest u honestly U may buy this phone.. 
 Low Quality of Head Phones
Lack of voice clarity
Over Heat while browsing
Over Heat When we talk more then 10 to 15 min
Camera is not good  
 i am writing this review after using this device for 4 days. i will touch few key areas of cellphone and reported issues by some users.
1. screen quality is great absolutely fine here. though it seems low specs wise but practically comparable to flagship devices. great display by lenovo.
2. battery is great and one of best i have ever used on any android. 1-3 days depending on usage.
3. call quality is great. no problems here too.( no heating at all while calls even after hour long talk)
4. graphics performance is commendable for any device in this range. nova 3 ran flawlessly on this device.
5. this device is a beauty. sleek design, no branding on front.
6. this device is having 5.5" display, so if you have big hands and build go for it. never mind if u like big phones.
7. vibe ui is pretty customizable. i gave a look and feel of htc to it ;).
8. plethora of other features.
9. camera quality is fine in auto mode but in HDR mode you need to be extra careful while holding steady the device. no complaints from camera,it gave me some sharp and bright images. i personally dont like zooming images.
10. all other aspects of cellphone are flawless. 
the downside of this device is no control of led notification light. though this is no deal breaker. i am yet to find any other demerit of phone. i am astonished to use this device by lenovo. it is much better than what i anticipated. 
*no heating while gaming, though sight warmth is always present while gaming on any phone. hence no extra heating.
*no signal drops
*wifi signal is fine with me. no issues at all.  
 Using this phone since more than one month and blah blah..
1)First coming to the best aspect of the phone,which is performance. 1.5 GHz MediaTek MT6752m CPU combined with ARM Mali-760 MP2 GPU(which is exceptionally outstanding)gives a performance you can't even imagine.The performance reflects in Benchmarks.It beats the shit out of Yu Yureka and Mi4i in benchmarks.It also beats Mi4 in most of the benchmarks(like Antutu, Nenamark 2).It has the highest performance in Nenamark 2 with 63.1 fps(above any phone I could find).It stands in the same performance category as of Mi4 and Zenfone 2.Throw any high-end game on it,and it handles it like a charm.Yes,one thing to consider, if your phone is running low on battery(i.e. less than 15%)then the phone will automatically reduce the CPU and GPU performance to conserve battery.Though it's likely that you won't notice it but it will reflect in benchmarks and high-end games
2)Build and Looks.It feels considerably light in hand and also looks slim. I don't consider the absence of Gorilla Glass as a disadvantage as it has a special toughened glass.Also Lenovo provides a screen guard.
3)Battery backup.Another plus point.It has a removable 2900 mAH, which provides an exceptionally good battery backup.With full charge you can easily go through a day even if you're a heavy user.If you're a casual user you go expect more than one day of backup.Another thing I would like to mention is that most of the people don't know that it uses some "Fast charging" technology which really works.I can't tell you the exact numbers, but compare it to some other phone with such large battery (except Zenfone2) and you'll see the difference.And as in some of the reviews people have said it overheats while charging,it is due to the 'fast charge' tech(the same overheating happens with Zenfone 2)
4)Display.As you know the the specs,it has a HD IPS display,but believe me the display is not normal.It's fabulous.It's not like any ordinary phone.It's for some reason brilliant,generous and looks lively.You'll notice it's outstanding display as soon as you get your get your hand on it.I don't know the reason behind it(maybe it's 16M colors)but take my words,it's display is going to please you.And to me it's a very great advantage.I mean display is one such thing you'll use everytime you get the phone out of pocket.No matter weather it's gaming, texting, surfing or anything.
5)Connectivity.Boom, Boom,another good aspect of a the device.It's Dual sim and above all It has got 4G.I know large number of phones are coming with 4G connectivity,but not all.Also I would like to mention it has a stronger Wifi reception than any ordinary phone.Yet another advantage.And yes one thing more, the second sim slot only supports 2G reception.Well anyways it's pointless having both the slots 4G.It only increases production cost
6)Camera.Comes out both with Smile including a little bit of disappointment. First let's talk about the Front Camera.A 5 MP front camera,will surely leave you with a smile. It captures pictures quite nicely.Also you'll surely love the inbuilt beautification mode.It is the first beatification mode that pleased me. I wasn't quite of a selfie taking guy,but it's front camera made me.If you love taking selfies you'll love the camera.Ok now the back camera.That's just average. The pics are sometimes over sharpened but it's not at all like a total failure. With some tuning you can still capture good pics.Also the flash is quite powerful according to me, which lets the camera to take goodish pics in night.
7)Operating system and UI.A plus point for most users and a negative point for users who've used some brilliant custom UIs.It has Lollipop 5.0 which is advantage for all.But the UI, it is the only thing I personally hated in this phone.Though,it's quite good and sophisticated(personally thinks better than the stock UI).And most of the users who've moved from Stock UIs or Samsung phones are gonna like it, but for users who've moved from some extra ordinary UI especially ZenUI are gonna hate it.And that's mine reason too.I previous device was Zenfone 6 and believe me,ZenUI is simply brilliant.It is best UI any human can have the good fortune to experience.And for that reason,the ZenUI,I earlier had planned to buy Zenfone 2,but fell short of money
And Yes one thing I would like to recommend everyone using this phone is to buy some decent headphones and install MX player cuz the headphones are crappy and it's default video player lags for some mysterious reasons.And to that person who had his review title 'Awesome room heater with calling facility',I laughed so hard at your joke,but please you seriously need a break
So concluding it all,it is a brilliant device with some little drawbacks
Bottomline,GO FOR IT.It's going to impress you.It's the best phone under this price category or even in the higher price quota
And for those whose prime purpose is to take pics using rear camera,sorry for wasting your time :P 
 The phone is really good, worth the money. Music is awesome in this phone with dolby atmos speakers. Nice camera clarity gives you decent images both front and back. Played a few games does not hang. Better than Samsung A7 which is priced at 26k. 
 It has been only one and a half month of my purchase and suddenly yesteryday My phone became dead all of sudden. I contacted Lenovo Care and accordingly I called the Lenovo Service Centre of my City Silchar -788001, but they told me that the Service Centre in my city has not been established yet properly and they can not help me. I have contacted Flipkart but they are not Helping me. I would request flipkart to kindly arrange refund/replacement of my Device. please. 
 GOOD PRODUCT FOR LESS PRICE ROM SHOULD BE 32 GB
GOOD PRODUCT FOR LESS PRICE WHO OPT MUST CHOOSE LENEVO 7000 ONLY 
 I like this phone very much. Its 2gb ram makes the phone excellent. Its screen is also stunning. The lollipop android design makes the phone pretty cool. Camera quality is also good. No lags or heat. High graphics games can work on this phone without any lags. Sound quality is excellent. I loved this phone very much. 
 Phone gets overheated during the call and battery do not last as expected . do not recommended for Business use 
 This phone is really very good frds . and really in this price this product is awsome. The Best part is its look like a sony smartphone, many apps is also available in this phone and double click capture option is the best and uniqe feture . lenovo launcher and many more .. . 
I used this phone 2 weeks around .and great expirance guys .. 
phone not heated , with play alphalt 8 also
phone camera is not bad but late captarization.
awsome double flash light,
best music with dolby atum u feel just like a sony music but earphone is third class. pleas buy a better ear phone ( jbl, skull candy and philips)
and 2 gb ram is usable .  
i was cut a star bec the earphone is very bad althow this is the 1st smartphone that makes audio with dolby atoms.
camera captaure time is very late . 
but thanx for giving me a best smart phone flipcart ..  
 In-built File Browser doesn't check for storage availability during Cut-Paste operation. If there is no storage space during paste operation File Browser just continues and pastes files with 0MB size loosing all the data. We cannot restore back the lost files. 
I have lost all the memories of our recent vacation trip. 
Rating 0-1 as there is a data loss without even warning! 
 Before buying this phone I had seen all the reviews of this phone in Flipkart given by the users. I was really confused as there were both positive and negative feedback on this phone. But I made up my mind to buy and ordered this phone on May 26th and received this on June 2nd in a good condition. Thanks to Flipkart.
I have been using this phone for a week and would like to give my review of this phone. 
Pros:
1) Very good display quality.
2) No Lagging due to 2G RAM. Quite fast.
3) 8 GB ROM is quite enough as u have expandable memory of 32 GB.
4) Most of the users said the device heats too much. But I must say I didn't face this issue as I have used Wi-fi for almost full day and see a temperature difference of 6 deg C that is quite obvious,
5) Lolipop OS is good
6) 5MP selfie camera is just amazing.
6) Battery life is descent. 
Cons:
1) 8 MP back camera is completely a crap. Not at all good. 
2) The screen guard sent with the phone is horrible. Not match to the phone
3) Ear phone is really utter scrap.
4) Dolby Atmos sound is not seen in this phone even after downloading very good audio.
5) Backlight is not there but its not a big issue 
But as a whole at 9000 its a good phone for general usage if the user is not so bothered about the camera.  
 Good Thing 
Working very smooth
stylish
Front camera is good 
Bad Things
Needs update when u just start the phone
Main camera focus not working all time 
 i am using this phone from last 20 days and its giving awesome performance but only the thing is its mentioned primary camera is 8mp but i dont thing so ,not much clearity than samsung , and the headphone very bad other than phone is really good for this price.dont't think Buy it. and also i'am giving 5 stars to it. 
 i will give 5 star for this mobile for 9000 it is worth it. First camera it has very good clarity when taking picture even in the indoor. 
 everythng is good..camera is good in daylight...
but there is heating problem... and memory is very less.
buy it.. but also take a temerd glass and a gud earphone and also a memory card. 
 This phone is fabulous. Good battery, Camera and sooth to use. I ordered on Monday and got the phone on Wednesday. fast delivery.  
 I would like to congratulate Flipkart on making my first delivery with Flipkart first service. I am impressed with the punctuality of the delivery deadline. Despite it being an exclusive sale. 
It has been a month or so, and here goes 
1. The phone arrived well within the stipulated delivery time, well packaged.
2. I was pleasantly surprised that the sale online has not left me disappointed.
3. The phone is made entirely out of plastic, but seems well built for a device in this price range. It may require a user that uses it judiciously, not meant for rough use. After all it is a cell phone.
4. Out of the box accessories, are minimal and limited to a shoddy hands free headset, and a relatively well made charger. Lenovo would have done well if they skipped the hands free all together. Its that hopeless.
5. The phone performs well without any lags and hang-ups with multiple applications running in the background.
6. The vibe ui is too colorful for my taste, I use the google now launcher as a decent alternative.
7. The camera is a tad noisy when it comes to pictures. 
8. The built-in Dolby atmos really works well with a good pair of headphones, the correct balance of equalizer setting may be required before one actually enjoys music and movies. The Bass is really rich post setting, works really well with the google music player. Awesome quality with Dolby encoded movies.
9. There was no heating issue faced in my handset, despite many people saying so all over the net. The handset did not heat up during calls (approx. 45mins each), it was minimally warm even with the ambient temperatures in Mumbai hovering at around 35o Celsius. The device did not heat up during continued music playback (approx. 4-5hrs). It did not heat up during charging, it was warm pleasant to the touch, nothing to be alarmed about. The battery holds up well. I got my handset with about 50% charge, out of the box. I did game on this handset though as that does not fall under my usage routine, I tested this device with Mortal kombat X, and Injustice gods the results are amazing. No drop in framerates though MKX did crash, but thats an app related bug and was soon fixed via timely updates. I would say the heating reported by some people does not hold true for the handset I am using.
Two firmware updates down the line theres approximately 1450mb of free ram for usage of the 2gb, fair enough. I did test the device to its brink until such a point where the there was just 240mb ram free, and it does get stick at that point. But what device wouldnt ..? 
I have a functional 4G LTE sim from Airtel, seems to work just fine without any heating issues after video streams. Though the signal strength seems better with their 3G services, but honestly I have noticed that this may be cell tower specific. I have experienced full signal strength in some areas of Mumbai.
10. Everything works just beautifully, really impressed with the work Lenovo has done for a phone with this price tag.
 11. The audio performance with a decent pair of ear buds from Sony or a like manufacturer really bring out the Atmos potential. I tested these with a pair of Sony XB30ex. Rich, deep and punchy bass. I would definitely recommend that people buy this phone, if you are looking to keep and use the device for about a year, then go for it. If a Mediatek processor can deliver this much potential, I wonder how the device would have fared with a Snapdragon octacore processor, or the latest Nvidia tegra with a Kepler gpu. They would have given the competition a real run for their money. Lenovo listen up. Anyhow, Paisa vasool.   
 lenovo A7000 is awesome phone in 8999. But have a issue from my way. when take closeup with flash pic came blury. Plz try with ur phone and reply me.U have or not. 
 i bought new mobile lenovo a7000, it works like a heater, when did i complain the CC said this is the mobile how is built due to heavy processor.. what rubbish .. 
 Worth to buy on this Budget. Faster speed, Amazing quality of camera & Audio. Excellent for Games.
 Negative - Device is heating & Power Backup is less. 
 m not satisfied....heat is a BIG problem...it cant evn run in-built games properly...let alone download...satisfactory camera...moto,asus r much btr....  
 very very low quality camera,,,,,if someone compare it with 3rd grade intex mobiles,,,the intex wins ,,,,,very very low quality camera,,,lenova is cheating in the name of 5 and 8 MP camera,,,but in real ,,the front is of 2 MP and rear is of 1 MP quality ,,,,photo blunt over 25 cm,,,, and also on the voice is not very good as per the Dolby atom. the phone has nothing impersive than light weight and big screen.... 
 After using Lenovo A7000 Handset for 17 days, my review is as follows: 
1).Android Lollipop 5.0 operating system is good.
2).8 MP primary camera deliver less quality photos and videos as compared to 5 MP front camera. Front Camera is good for Selfies.
3).U will not regret while playing games on this handset. It's good experience.
4).No lagging at all while using this handset.
5).Already installed Apps in this handset will useful to u..... especially, "Share it " app.
6).Camera is too good to use using LED ( Flash).
7).I enjoyed watching videos, gaming, browsing the web in vibrant HD quality on the 13.97 cm (5.5) display of this Lenovo smartphone.
8).Headphone is not at all good. U have to buy a good quality head-phone to listen songs.
9).2900 mah Battery is good for a day. Actually, it depends upon how an individual operate his/her handset. I normally charge my mobile once in 2 Days. It depends upon usage.
10).Speaker is too good if and only if u download some good apps to listen songs like VLC App, Music Player App, Video App alngwith using Dolby Atmos.
11).Screen Guard provided alongwith this handset is of Poor Quality. However, can be used on a safer side.
12).Removable Battery is the best part of this handset. Now-a-days, NON REMOVABLE Battery handset is coming in the market which I don't like at all.
13).Rs. 9000 is a good price to buy this phone.
14).Overall performance is satisfactory.
15).Flipkart services is also satisfactory.
16).WS Retail is best seller as I am happy with his packaging & delivery services.
17).Heating is a major problem while charging or attending any calls. 
18).Mobile is light in weight.
19).Easy to Carry.
20).No doubt, Touch Screen is Good.
21).Overall, one can buy this phone. It's worth buying this product. 
 lenovo a7000 product has heating issue. I am using motorola moto g but i never experienced that kind problem in my smartphone moto g. 
lenovo a7000 is getting heat while charging, voice and video calling, while resetting the phone. Rear camera of this product is worst. The picture quality is not good. Earphone provided by lenovo is worst quality. 
apart from this, there are some positive features of this product.
GOOD RAM, PROCESSOR, FRONT CAMERA, DOLBY SOUND AND GOOD BATTERY LIFE and better gaming experience. 
 i bought this phone 3 weeks ago and now it's display is gonna black but it's touch is still working and i think its a bad phone 
 Delivered by Flip kart as on time -- Heating issues when charging the phone - be cautious not to lift the call when charging - Use aeroplane mode and turn off all applications for quick charging.
Some really impressive features - like - Pocket dialling and automatic call receiving 
Missed 1 star just because of heating issue 
 Pro's 
*bright vibrant display.
*Stylish from the front, thin, light weight.
*Battery backup lasts for almost one day (drains quickly when playing games)
*Lightening fast, smooth UI, fast multitasking
*overall nice phone for just 9000. 
Con's
*Some kind of heating issue is there.
*camera quality is low, especially PC. FC is comparatively good.
*ear piece is low quality but nevermind
*LAST BUT NOT THE LEAST, FLIPKART SERVICE JUST BELOW PAR. 
 This is I must say an AWESOME edition from Lenovo at such a low price tag. 
Kudoes to Flipkart - It was flashing that product will be delivered within 7 days while ordering but got it within 48 hrs. Excellent service. 
First let me tell you that it is being used by my father. 
1) Long lasting 2900 mAh removable battery - We always charge the phone upto 75% and it goes down to 30% in about 24 hours of use (without data connection / with wifi ON). I am sure that it will deliver equally good performance with data connection if charged to 100%. Definately better than other. 
2) Excellent screen resolution HD, 1280 x 720 Pixels - I myself watched HD movies on this 5.5 inch screen, no issues here. 
3) Audio - not the best but fairly good. My Samsung Grand beats this on sound quality. 
4) Excellent touch quality, no lags. 
5) Excellent rear cam - 8 MP camera works just fine. 
6) Nice built quality but a metal back cover should have been best. 
7) Ultra Power Saver Mode - which disables all the functions except Phone, SMS & Clock, turns the screen to Black & White. This feature is provided in only high end Samsung phones above Note 3.
Ans what more, you can time this feature. For e.g. you can set the phone to get into ultra power saver mode for specific hours of the day like I timed it for 1200 AM to 0600 AM. This definately saves lot of battery. 
Some drawbacks..
1) Out of 2GB RAM - 1.1 GB is always accupied, may be due to Android Lollypop which also accupies most of internal memory of 8GB 
2) No gorilla glass, for cost cutting 
3) Internal Memory 8 GB - available memroy about 3.5 GB. Lenovo A6000 Plus beats this with 16 GB. So you cannot have high end games which will accupy space and there by slowing down the phone. But lets not expect such a high performance at Rs 9000/- 
4) Audio files saved on external card canot be set as Ringtone directly, need to copy the the file to ringtone folder on phone memory. 
5) Out of 2 SIM slots, 1 is 4G & other is 2G (not 3G). I would say this is not a drawback but just a FACT. 
Hope the review is helpful. (i am not the paid reviewer) 
 1st of all the service provided by flipkart is becoming worse and worse :-( 
i was fan of flipkart but now i have think 1000 times before placing order from flipkart .Delivery service SU**S. it took 5-6 days to deliver and customer care ppl r RUDE 
Now talking abt product 
Its worth ur money
Build design is awesome ,slim n slik design
Battery back up is also good 
Cam clearty is not so good but quite satisfying .
Overall Thumps UP for the Handset .and Thumps down for FLIPKART 
 last month i have ordered lenovo a7000 n his touch is not working ! n when i called customer service they told that we ll replace it ! we cannot give refund ! N flipkart is taking 1 months for replacement ! i mean wht is this ??? 
 As i got yesterday and started using today, phone is awesome with 9k looking is good and phone is weight less. 
The problem with the phone is if we call more than 5minutes its got heated. 
As i asked to my friends they all face this kind of issue with there smartphone at the initial stage after that the heating problem is disappear, i am also expecting the same thing for my phone also. 
As last phone is excellent with good features 
I would suggest to buy this phone if any one planning.to buy smartphone.  
 I Bought Lenovo A7000 on 27th may. My overall rating 3.5 
Pros:
Performance and display very good. Light weighted compare with other highend mobiles. Theme selection is good one. 4G compatible. (Still not tested with 4G mode) 
Cons:
But i disappointed with headset and camara. Headset is very Old model (like Nokia N70) I'm not found clearpix in rear camara (8MB). USB cable size is too small. usally most of brands give 3 feet lenghty cables. If they provide flip cover in pack might be i'm happy with this mobile.  
5.5" display not easy to carry in all place. I'm recommended to buy this mobile only for girls. 
 Absolute Masterpiece @ Best Price, Features Android Lollipop with 2 GB RAM and best Processor Speed. 
Lenovo is Good, Go for It. 
 Very bad experience with LenovoA7000. The lenovoA700 I have pruchased a weekback started heating up while calling and receiving phone callss. 
Not at all satisfied with Lenovo A7000. 
Satisified with with Flipkart shipping expeience. 
 I used the fone for 1month ...poor camera,poor battery performance ..hang problem 2GB RAM seems like 512/768 MB. 
 Its an amazing phone. Reasons being:
- 4G LTE support. I have got super download speeds when connected to 4G wifi network
- 2GB RAM means everything runs superfast and without breaking
- Lollipop OS display is cool, somehow looks clearer to me than other versions
- Price-point is simply fabulous 
Downside is that the home page screen isn't fully customizable, but that is Android Lollipop issue.  
Overall, a superb phone. Highly recommended. 
 I have ordered this mobile and its been 2 weeks since its usage, so i can give my opinion unbiased. 
The touch screen is good enough and watching videos on this mobile is a delight. Dolby Atmos which is its star feature isn't that outstanding as it was meant to be. Loudness of music is not much; battery gets discharged within 2 hours of mobile browsing or chatting on WhatsApp. The phone gets heated up quickly too; earphones are plastic-not much of design, but will work. OS is quite good, has many features and personalization is good. The hardware of this mobile is a bit of backdrop. Rest of it just works well. 
 Brought this phone last week. 
- Good Battery Backup.
- Charging is slow (>3 hrs) charged only twice in 1 week time.
- Rear camera is not that bad, its bad only at low light indoor artificial light condition.
- All games are playable.
- Heating while gaming, charging (slightly) - No problem at all.
- The speaker output is not very loud for somebody, but ok for me. Very pleasing for ears.
- Dolby Atmos is good.
- Very good benchmark result - Comparable to one plus one
- Apps are movable to SD card.
- **** Custom ROMs are available ----- **** Really great thing
- Display is superb.
- Video playback doesnt heats - 11% battery consumption for 1:10 hr HD video playback
- Very light weight, and thin. Its slippery in hand so i brought a hard case. Its comfortable with case, not bulky
- Touch is Good
- Lot of custom features available with Vibe UI 
(Sample photos are posted in Facebook Group Lenovo A7000 India)  
 Flipkart boasts of a 30 day return policy but beware that it is a complete fraudulent claim. The lenovo phone could not charge but flipkart refused to replace the product. This was in spite of knowing that the phone is faulty.
So, beware of Flipkart and the seller, especially the seller.
I suggest that phones are best bought from Amazon. I had a heating problem with my ipad4 that I bought from Amazon and they were very prompt in replacing the device.
Do not expect such service from Flipkart. 
 I ordered this product on 13th may 2015 and got delivered next day by paying Rs 90/- extra. this phone has some heating issues while making / receiving calls. the heating is more or less on every occasion. i will now also relate my experience for a defective piece that i received, it has two sim slots and both are mini sim slots one for 4G/3G/2G and other for 2G only. i had my airtel 3G sim card(64KB) changed to a 4G sim card(128KB) from Airtel gallery and was surprised to know that this phone is not detecting the sim card. i tried the same sim in my friends mobile(Xiaomi redmi 4G) and it was working fine. I did a factory reset and then even updated the software but of no use. i have used.i have requested flipkart to replace me with a new handset, let us see how things go. 
 got my phone in 13th may flash sale on my first look i thought whether it is a 9k phone or not plastics in this phone is of very poor quality it will break if i apply some pressure on it
there is some issue with the volume control even the phone volume is nil i could hear some beeps other wise the phone is good if u want a phone for light & house hold use it is ok 
 Good: Display, Battery backup. Sound quality.
Poor: Camera quality, Head phone,
Overall is good but camera quality is low as accepted 
 excelent mobile but internal storage is low and
 very delicate, 
camera not much that range,
power excelent 
very light
not much screen revolusition 
 Well in a word-Spectacular!!!
Before reviewing and before purchasing you need to understand ur requirements well verrry well against the pros and cons! 
I needed a smartphone which has a great screen and pixel density, serves good speed even with 2g and above allhas a descent batterybackup I have an inverter from MI -callit power bank)
Lenovo A7000 is a great smartphone and trsut me comparison with I am using a Samsung tab 3 and Mi note comparitively its the best phone till date.Straight to the pros and cons 
Pros:
Extremely lightin weight and extreme means really extreme
Excellent screen resolution and pixels
Mind boggling camera with photos that can give a budget digital camera a run forits money
On 2 g network continuously from 6am -1230 midnite the batterydrained was still remaining a hopping 21%.Continuous whatsapp sharing fb notifications multiple chats windows talking of approx 2.5 hrs andmusic of approx 45-50mins with Dolby Digtaloon and screen brightness at 50% (u dont need more than that)
the 5.5 screen is longitudinally shaped so it gives a great grip even with a cover
sound and speaker quality is awesome simply brilliant
No network issues and signal issues in my remote house as well
the android version seems great and responsive with lightning fast processor and ram
The priceis bangin the target and above all its a good brand
The Best surprises are while talking on the phone fro an hour and keeping it connected to a power bank the charge was 50% from 21% which is a proof as Lenovo said while connected to a power source the battery will not drain out all the power consumption will be from the power source 
Typing Is butter smooth with predefined common usage words and languages in eng and hindi.was surprised to see how cud u have typed correctly without any correction
Cons:
practically none.if u wanna raise against a battery drain out get a MI power bank with some 600 bucks and thats allu will never run out of battery.Comparing with lenovo p70 remember a bigger battery will mean bigger time to charge as well so the batter is optimum...so donty wait for lenovo Note get a A7000 with an MI power bank and u r done 
Flipkart delivery as usual awesome!! 
 I have booked this phone on 29th april and I received the piece on may 3rd in very good condition. Performance wise it is very good. features are nice. I refer this phone to my friend also. any way very happy with the phone. 
 DISPLAY AND BUILD QUALITY 5/5
BATTERY 3.5/5
PERFORMANCE 4/5
CAMERA 1.5/5
SIGNAL RECEPTION & CALL QUALITY 5/5
NOTE: Dolby ATMOS is just for sale promotion... you won't get anything for that shit..... even a featured phone perform much better, 
 After using 1month
camera is good in light mode
battery backup is also good
vibe UI is ok.
look is nice.
Features are good.
Dolby Atmos at its best in good earphone 
Note:Screen gets heated when phone not in sleep mode.
overall product is simply awesome.... 
 Its really good one..... I suggest to busy this one..... Lenovo is a branded company..... instead of going for other big or small brands..... buy this one..... a branded company selling a piece with 2GB RAM for 8999 is really GOOD..... like how Samsung hit Nokia market..... Lenovo is going to HIT Samsung's market..... 
Thank you, :-) 
 After 4 days of use :-
> Battery life is tremendous after full charge i played asphalt 8, 8 ball pool, listen gaana.com, performed calling 6-7 times, taken some photos and videos, and other app install-uninstall over wifi,that is almost 6-7 hrs and still battery remains 70% mark. 
>Camera quality is the most discussed thing on net lol, its not at all VGA quality, The primary 8 MP camera has some focus related issue, so my advice is to always use manual focus, the quality of both the cameras are superb. if any one wants more camera quality please increase your budget up to Rs 20000. 
>Internal memory is not at all any issue it is sufficient, we can set default write disk to sd card which allow us to install bigger apps data on sd card. 
>When ever i saw the display its just butter smooth, not grainy at all, very smooth soft display. Best part of the phone is its display. 
>Design and built of the phone is very light and crisp look, the borders are so cut to cut and steep with little curved around the borders, very "slicey" look. 10/10 
> Just be care full for strength of the device just and opt for back cover and tampered glass it will be full of strength. 
> go buy it if you want a wonderful Lollipop Experience. 
> Also there is 2GB of Massive RAM 1 to 1.2 GB RAM Always Available. 
> Heating is not considered as an issue... It is up to us how we use this device, for example - if we opened 7-8 apps in background, surfing on net, then straight forward opened heavy game like asphalt 8 or real racing, then it is obvious that all 8 cores gonaa used up and generates extra heat.. so in my thought Heating problem depend on our usage... "for those who operate there phone as core i7 based PC please have a heat sink and fan on the back of there phones not only on this phone but what ever phone you guys have lol." 
> What else guys just buy it it will be fun. 
THANX FLIPPY FOR DELIVERING THIS PHONE IN 3 DAYS IN BHOPAL. 
 This is my first android smart phone .Good work by flipkart. Coming to phone impressed with camera it is simply superbb,sound ,quality everything is fine ..no issue till now... 
 Very cool phone in this price range. 2 GB ram enhances the speed.. Boosting the applications like anything... Front camera is more than awesome.. also totally satisfied with the rear camera. And one more good thing is about the operating system .. android lollipop. You can directly close the applications whichever are occupying your ram while you are not using them. So ram is never becoming unavailable as there is no background application running. Battery is also very good. Once you are charging it fully (100%) you can use maximum up to 3 days. 
 Awesome/Super phone in this price. Better than others (yureka & Nitro)... Guys pls dont go for negative reviews they are all fake reviews. Before buying this phone i was little afraid after reading these negative reviews. 
But believe me guys its an awsome phone at 9999 , no heating problem, no laging, i use to play Real Racing3, Asphaasslt8 , camera is above average(if taken in proper light the pics are suprb) , Only i felt issue with the battery(29000mAH) backup which last only 1 day with 2g. Well i have 3000mAH experia T2 Ultra which last for almost 2 days. excluding this every features are awsome. if your budget is under 10k.... blindly go for this phone. 
1. Great Display (4.0/5)
2. Slim (4.0/5)
3. Looks Good (4.0/5)
4. Music quality good (4.0/5)
5. Camera Rear (3.5/5) but in proper light its too good.
6. Camera Front (4.0/5)
7. Android 5.0 L Look with UI. (4.0/5)
8. Battery (4.0/5)
6. Over all Phone is Very good. (4.0/5) 
Headphone (Cheap quality supplied) - (2.0/5) you need to purchase new from market.
Back Cover looks good but the build quality poor (3.0/5)  
 After 3 weeks, I can say 
1. Camera is below par
2. Performance is good
3. Battery back up is 4-5 hours of screen on time. (Which is excellent)
4. Earphones i didn't even bother to check they look cheap.
5. Build is good 
Camera is the only let down. Daylight it will do its job, indoors it suffers with quality and post evening don't even try.. 
 Good Handset with a good price. 
CAmera quality also good. 
Only issue is no back light on the quick keys at the bottom. 
 I have been using this phone for about a month now and according to me this is the best phone available in the market right now for such a price..........
Now about the details ....the phone has a plastic body will seems to be sturdy and gives the phone a premium look .....
I had ordered the phone during the first sale itself and i got it.....after ordering the phone I got it just after a day......Thanks to WS Retail for its excellent service and packaging .I even got a screen guard inside the box which was also an excellent one not some poor quality which would not even last a week...
After these detail let's come to the pros and cons of this device.............
Pros:-
1) Well built ,big 5.5 inch screen ,slim ,has removable battery, supports 4g, doesn't get heated much while playing games. 
2) Battery(2900 mAh) last for 2 days under optimum usage conditions like 2-3 hrs net usage,1-2 hrs gaming, calling ,messaging and other simple stuff..........otherwise just a day. 
3) Great camera both rear(8 mp) and front(5 mp) according to the price ............i wish i could attach some of my photos taken with the device......and the videos are also superb in full HD
 Camera works perfectly fine and works best in good light conditions............. 
4) Superb gaming performance. ..........you get asphalt 8 preinstalled .....but you just have to download additional files...........after that just start the game and you will keep playing because it doesnt lag at all. 
5) Breathtaking Antutu Benchmark score--43039 for my device ...which is really awesome  
6) 2 GB RAM is a must for this device because of playing high end games since it has an octa core processor...... 
7)You can move the apps to sd card 
8) Dolby atmos surround system really works, it revolutionizes the ordinary sound ..... 
9) It has several gesture controls which makes it easy for the user to operate the phone 
10) Has dragontail glass which can protect from minor scratches 
CONS:- 
1) Only 8 gb internal memory and out of that only 4 gb is available..........could have provided 16 gb internal. 
2) No backlit light so some users may find it difficult to operate in night 
3) No Gorilla glass  
That's all Folk's..................... 
 it almost 10days of use. i didn't find any problem till now. 
Best feature: Best screen, too light weight, very slim, good sound quality.
lower side: camera at night/low light 
 Everything is good-- satisfied with the design & performance. 
Camera : extremely poor - grainy quality pics - something to do with its ISO - received a software update for camera from lenovo - didnt make a difference. 
Buy this, if camera is not your primary requirement. 
 Great performance But .....
Heats up like an iron. 
My screen blasted due to that.
And now Lenovo does not take it in warranty. 
Bad service. 
 i bought this phone 2 weeks back.. my opinion. pros.. awesome display, user interface (UI) is really user friendly.. dolby atmos is the best oly if u know how to use it.. light weight.. awesome speed in 3g 4g and wifi, checked all.. 2 gb ram lets me play asphault 8, modern combact 5 and real racing 3 together in 3 tabs in same time wid light glitches( faced even in samsung galaxy s5).. cpu is 1.5 ghz octa core doesnt make u feel u r lagging at all.. front camera is awesome.. cons.. not a great primary camera..battery back up is poor if u r heavy user.. comes upto one day if u use it moderately.. no lights for the feather touch buttons in front.. call quality is just ok and not tat great.. it does heat up near camera area.. where cpu is located.. but if u r planning to buy a phone under 9k.. its totally worth.. just go buy widout second thoughts!!!!  
 The lenovo a7000 is great .... In limited budget Worth for money phone ... 
.. The dilivery from flipkart is little slow .. i am getting this phone after 5 days.... 
... and the screenguard included in the box is damaged ... i have to buy new screenguard ... 
.. phone is good .. 
 its hit when you call and poor battery backup and also network problem when u download anything, very slow for browsing camera quality is not of the mark  
 I bought it and Used it for approx 20 days, this product is having Worst Grainy Rear Camera , Although company is telling that is of 8 MP, it's even compete to Samusung duos 3.2 MP camera. So if your purpose is to have the Mobile with a great camera, don't buy it. You may prefer to Yureka in the same price, it is having very clear camera and i have checked it from my friend.  
Loose charger fitting, doesn't fit it any normal home and office slots, sparking and while phone is completely off due to battery, it doesn't charge. Charger or Handset problem. 
Micro SIm slots, so you have to cut the SIM to use this product firstly. Head Phone is very cheap quality, doesn't fit in the Ears. 
Other Positive things, the slim look is very impressive, front camera is good, lollipop is working fine, good net speed in 2G.  
If Lenovo company really Want to capture and make a good branding of their Phones in Indian Market than they Must improve the above things with Quality hardware.  
Hats Off to Flipkart services !!! They first took the Easy return than also when i was heaving the problem with the Product than they picked up the product and Refunded the total amount on the same Day in my account. Its really a 30 days return Policy 
Thats why i m using Flipkart services from Last 4 Years and before going anywhere i searched any product first on Flipkart. Keep it up Flipkart !!!  
Asfaq ( Aaftab ) 
 - nice look
- battery backup is good
- display is awsome
- processer is also so active 
But camera is of 2nd class :@ 
 very very very poor camera. heats up very fast. as compared to other brands price is also high. I recommend not to buy 
 You cant get any better phone then this 1.
The battery is super awesome and the touch and gestures also looks quite astonishing.
The box includes screen guard with it, so that u dont have to spend ne extra bucks on that too.
The only problem is the back cover, which is very slipery. So u have to handle it with care
Super fast processor and 2Gb ram is enough to keep the phone in same pace even when ur multitasking.
so just go ahead n simply buy it.  
 Really super phone for this rate. 
Display- super 
Ram-great 
Camera- good 
Sound-ok 
Battery-One day full usage  
 Hi All, 
Below are the pros and cons of this phone. 
Pros: 
1. Good battery life - put the data mode off while playing games and battery will drain slowly.
2. Octa core processor with 2GB RAM has faster performance.
3. Different battery saver inbuilt modes. Most of the favorite applications on play store are given as a inbuilt feature by Lenovo that is a smart move.
4. Nice 5.5" display with pocket-dial prevention mode.
5. Camera quality is good especially front camera. I tried Skype video chat on 3G and was satisfactory. 
Cons:
1. Phone gets heated up while playing heavy games or 3G data while charging.
2. Less internal space available so either 16gb or 32gb memory card is inevitable.
3. Headphones are quite ordinary to support Dolby Atmos equalizer.
4. RAM free space is already lesser (1GB approx.) while unboxing the phone. 
Overall as compared to Yureka YU, Intex or any other brands in this segment and price, Lenovo A7000 is definitely way ahead than them. 
This is good value for money budget phone and delivery by flipkart was good with nice packaging. 
 Hi all,
We expect more from this Lenovo a7000, but it is upto our expectations.so please dont buy this product. 
Negatives:Dabba camera.
 Dabba battery.
 LOW performance. Lollipop is not good.  
 I missed Chance On 15th April ( 30000 units sold out in 4 Secs ) then on 22nd April ( 35000 units sold out ) I Had Done My Purchased on same day 2.00pm & got delivered on 25th April @ 11.40am. I read every users review day to day its helpful to us, so here i my side reviews marks below.
* Recently Update Received & Installed.( update for ISO camera perfomance 56mb )
Pros. :
1 ) Lovely Phone
2 ) superb Touch & UI
3 ) Configuration works best.
4 ) Light Weight & Slim & Attractive Looks
5 ) Display Awesome.
6 ) Rear 8MP Now Superb in Day Light & 5MP Front Superb Selfie  
Cons.:
1 ) No Back Cover Available In Market ( Only Online Available )
2 ) Headset Quality Ordinary
3 ) Heating While Charging ( as per my noticed various plug fault )  
 Good delivery as expected. 
Pros:
* Good performance phone for gaming and multitasking.
* Nice Battery life
* Got 42000 AnTuTu score in my A7000.
* No lag for Gaming
* Signal,Wifi and normal functions are peppy and smart.
* Selfie camera is OK
Cons:
*Internal storage is very very poorly managed here. Only 3.5 gb is available for user. other 4.5gb is consumed as OS and default apps.
* Got disappointed with display and the color saturation. The colors are more thick and not pleasing the eyes.
* The Primary camera is not good. 
Conclusion: If the above cons are balanced, then I would have given 5 out 5. but I would give 3.5 stars now. 
 Hi Friends, i am using LENOVO A7000:)))))))))
 +ve 
* Fantastic confi with Fantastic price.
* All functions working good 
*Stylish, comfort, Accuracy, :)
-Ve
 * headset volume very low-(Solution-MTK engineering Mode (search in google play!)
Now follow the steps:
1.Go to MTK settings.
2.then Swipe to hardware testing.
3. Select Audio>>Normal mode.
4.Change level 0 to level6.
5. Change Value is to 255 and max vol to 160.click set value.
6. Do the same in headset mode as well.......PROBLEM SOLVED. 
* SD CARD PORT NT Working properly(searching for solution)  
 Pros:
1.Perfect for gaming
2.good screen quality
3.awesome battery backup
4.Great music quality (i am using Sony Headphones)
5.good front camera
List goes on 
Cons:
-Rear camera (but i dont care) 
BottomLine:
If you want raw performance go for it . 
 The speed and specs are best among all but but very poor camera quality..less than 2 MP
The Back is made of very cheap quality material can break any time if not handled with care.My verdict before buying is to check the camera quality personally and physically do not trust on online videos. 
 Phone gets heated at an umpteen rate when used for, say 5 mins. I would like flipkart to help me with this problem urgently. 
 phone is over heating while charging, calls and many times normally too. i use to be in AC office through out the day even-though phone is heating high.
and cant call contact number directly, u have to open the contact and call. 
apart from these issues phone is good.
but liked most was the prior one Lenovo A850. 
 I got this product yesterday. It took 6 days for delivery. The phone looks good and even the specifications are good but the camera is really very very bad.
It is worse than a 2 megapixel camera and even after trying out different settings there is not much of an improvement.
I contacted flipkart to return this product, I was told that since it is not a manufacturing defect, they cannot take it back.
If you click lot of photographs then buy at your own risk. 
 I got my phone on 02.05.15. The look of the phone is excellent. WLAN speed is unbelievable. I have downloaded the ASPHALT 8 games and is excellent. But 8 GB storage is little less. 1.5 octa-core speed is good. Camera quality would have been better, if it is 13 instead of 8mb. Overall is is good to use but still one can wait for K3 note to be soon launched in india. 
 I have been using this phone for almost a week now and these are my observations:
* display is crystal clear and provides good readability even in bright sunlight.
* touch sensitivity is excellent and comparable to the iphone touch.
* battery life is good - lasted me for at least a day and a half on one full charge after travelling and using gps and maps - continuously tracking my current location.
* accuracy of gps sensor is excellent - tracks my location to within 10 meters error 
tip to enhance battery life for any android phone: disable/uninstall all the unnecessary apps which are not used frequently and this will definitely greatly enhance battery life and also cut down data usage. installing apps to do this task will have the reverse effect. it has worked for me everytime on every android phone that I have used. 
 this mbl was very gd...but income call sound and notification sound and music was very low...... at time of playg games ...mbl was very heating ..... 
 Camera is better in day light. Not suited for indoor clicks. The battery life is average. The phone's back case is not so good. 
 Awesome phone. Superb connectivity and call clarity. it handles the UI very easily. although the sound is a bit low as compared to other phones it will not loose its clarity or disturb your ears. heavy games can be played easily. I tested Asphalt 8 (max setting), Modern Combat 5 Blackout, Dead trigger 2 , Shadow fighter 2 and Avengers. Another con is that it gets heated with heavy gaming . Video playback is very good. The dolby audio works well with the headsets and it also makes some changes in audio without headsets . the headsets are lenovo branded. The quality of screen guard is not that great (i suggest to put another one) 3g connectivity has no problems . The camera quality is nice but it is not that great in indoor lighting the same is with the front camera the outdoor quality is best but in artificial lighting it is not that great. the flash is very powerful ( the brightest i have seen) . All together it is an AWESOME phone for its price 
 its an awsome phone........its value 4 money,,,,but due to its 8 gb of intrnl memory.....it can b rejected by other buyers .....so please make its intrnl around 16 gb at a same price 
 on 04.05.15 i got this mobile, evening at 7 i recharged net pack but net is not connecting, kindly suggest me. and one more thing this phone is good 
 I have been using the product for more than 15 days now ,
It is the Best Product you can get at this price range with such robust features 
I have done my best to give the pros and cons , could have missed a few points too  
Pros :
1. Does not heat up on continuous use even for hours .
2. Multi Tasking is very easy and does not auto close any of the apps , didn't crash any apps from renowned developers 
3. Lollipop update makes it efficient , around 1 GB of available RAM makes , multi tasking a very easy one 
4. OTG support is awesome , it recognizes the OTG pen drives directly without the Sandisk App, which is awesome 
5. Battery Life is super good , there is ultimate power mode that makes it a normal phone and can make it running for as long as 8 days
6. Display is Crisp , and viewable at wide angles
7. Use this phone with sennheiser cx 180 street 2 , they are awesome , though stock headphones do not give the same effects.
8. I benchmarked it in 64 bit mode with Antutu Benchmark , was suprised to see it rated better than MI 4 , MI 3 and just behind HTC one M8 at 42761. 
None of those devices are anywhere near the price range of Lenovo A7000.
9. Gaming is a treat with no lag on the 1280 x720 display with all effects , the sounds make the gaming awesome , Ofcourse battery drys up after 5 hrs of gaming, it comes with a 1.5 A charger, thats charges up the battery quick.
10. Though the internal storage is low , expandable storage solves the issue , install apps on the SD card with the lollipop pdate is much simpler 
11. Camera is very good , considering the price , it is super shooter , gives good clicks , but do not zoom and take pics , they are grainy 
Selfie Shooter a superb one , making Hangouts , Skype calling awesome to use , Pure headphones are usable for hearing , internal mic is selected and works awesomely 
12 Lenovo awesome Support network , keeps you safe that any issue you would get a quick solution unlike Micromax  
Now , you cannot get the world at this price , there should be some compromise to manage the costs 
1. No OGS solution of Gorilla Glass / Asahi Dragontail , that means you can easily crack the display if not careful , Get a good Tempered glass Branded , if you need some protection , Though i personally dont like anything on the Display , makes the experience very bad
2. Low Internal Storage at 8 GB , makes it mandatory for you to purchase a extra micro SD card of at least 16 GB , i got a Samsung micro sdhc class 10 @ extra 500 and 16 GB OTG Pen drive 
3. The mediatek CPU are really good with true octa core performance, as compared to its peers having a Snapdragon 615 , which has a better rating , Mediatek are cheaper alternative thats were cost savings happens. 
5. HD display has been under attack , in my opinion its sharp and good and not a Con considering the price.
6. A big Setback is the mono loud speaker Dobly atmos can be experienced only on good headphones or Bluetooth speakers , they should have a stereo set of 2 speakers like the MOTO G gen 2 , Considering the price , i am happy though 
7. In india people hardly use DLNA / NFC so it not being there does not affect us 
8. The main keys are not Backlit , may be a small disappointment , but we get used to the keys within 10 days :)
9. Dual SIM 4G not there , it hardly matters though , we dont get a good 3G quality yet , One sim 4G is a good option , the other is 2G only , so it is best thought of in the indian context , But both sim 3G support would have been appreciated  
Every device has its PROs and CONs , Technology keeps changing , this is one heck of a device that keeps you going . If you are looking for a good device in a budget of Rs. 10k and below , this is it  
Pair it with a memory card and good Headphones , you would reach 10k.
Suggestions (CX 180 Street 2/ EP 630 and any Class 10 Memory card (16/32GB) 
At the price with good support network and a well known brand in the country , Is what scores it up ahead of YU Yureka , which is also a good phone , with the worst possible support in the country which is huge disadvantage. 
I would advise you to go for A7000 with Lenovo Brand Warranty,  
Note: I would like to correct that it has Micro SIM and not MINI as mentioned on lenovo website , it has high SAR values but are compliant to the Indian Guidelines 
 Very good screen,battery, dual sim, microsd etc. Camera needs improvemrnt. Does not work like budget phone but like high end. 
 good buy for this configuration , but over heating problem is there , especially at the top of the phone, cannot talk for long time , but overheating persist 
 If Camera is not a priority very nice phone.. Primary camera is pathetic...Redmi with same 8 MP camera is delivering great snaps really camera is not meeting normal expectations with in 8 MP segment 
 Lenovo A7000 Product is good & value for money product but heating problem in this phone bettery is good and not any other problem in this phone 
 Received the set in 41 hrs in Ranchi! Thanks Flipkart.
PROS: Sleek design, smooth working, no heating issue at all, front camera is better than the rear one, battery life is good (if games are not played).
CONS: Back cover is prone to smudges (caught it after few touching), most of the time having problem in taking out the battery, almost 5 GB internal storage (out of 8 GB) is consumed at the initial level itself (had to buy micro sd card) , asphalt game hangs miserably(finally uninstalled it), screen guard (received with the set) contained many small bubbles when applied on the screen, music volume is on the lower side (should be increased), ear phone is of poor quality.
Overall, GOOD product considering the price. 
 Hi, bought this Lenovo A7000 in the second slot of sale i.e. on 22nd April. it got delivered on 24th. Nice packaging...Flipkart is doing well..really appreciate!!
Now, about the mobile:
Earlier, everybody had reviewed about it very well, i wont repeat it. I just want to say that, it costs only Rs.9000.so, u cant expect much from this mobile. My idea behind buying this phone is, that I want large screen, that i got in A7000. previously my phone was having 5 MP camera so I want more resolution's camera, that also i got in A7000. I m not a music lover so mobile for listening music or watching movies is not my criteria to buy mobile.It has latest Android system, more RAM, more inbuilt memory than my old mobile. So, I just bought this mobile. But, the other features of this mobile is also nice, the UI is very friendly, nice silky touch, powerful battery, lightweight, Dual Sim, etc these are the best features added in this mobile at this price. Lenovo is faaar better than Micromax, Intex , Karbonn, etc. 
So, if anybody who want phone not for camera and Music can surely buy this mobile. Camera is not so disappointing...it takes actually good photos, but not as clear as my Sony mobile. it come some grains in the photos...not clear. 
i didnt use that headphone that comes in the box, really its of cheap quality. 
Dnt hesitate...go for this mobile....Recommended!! 
 in specification wise phone is awesome .but only problem is that the camera wise the product is worst . after updating also the same problem occurs . i think problem is not the camera hardwear but the softwear .. so i applied for replacement ... 
for CAMERA 1.0 rating .................................... 
 Camera quality is bad, 
Build quality very bad
Head phone very very bad ( a low class chines ) 
spend some more money and buy better one,   
 Using this product for last 10 Days. I was using Samsung Grand earlier.
Impressed with UI, Speed and Graphics of this phone. 
Best things:
Dolby Atmos
Battery Backup
Front Camera
Power Saver Features
OTG  
Not so good:
Rear camera - 3 out of 5 
I would recommend this product - truly worth the price!! 
 I am using the phone about last 2 weeks. As per my uses I am writing the review. 
Pros:
Light weight
Good performance in day to day activity
No lagging while switching between games and calls
Good battery life( with moderate use it can go up to 24hrs)
Good day light pictures
Good front camera
Good music and video display 
Cons:
Low light images are not good enough
Slightly heating up while charging and playing games
Moderate camera performance(main camera)
Lack of protective screen(no gorilla protection)
Lack of language supports(Not much support for Indian languages)
No for cast by the company for next software and language updates. 
 Phone is good and I am sharing my experience on it.
1. Back cover is made of third class of plastic.
2. No heating issue at all for normal use but if u play games for an hour or more it heats a little bit and I don't think anyone plays games for an hour or so.
3. Rear and front camera are very bad quality of image is like pic is captured from VGA camera.
4. Good for those buying android for first time who have earlier used Sony or Samsung will feel to throw this PHONE because of camera.
5. No lag observed while playing, surfing.
6. Good multitasking no lags observed.
7. Sound quality is very good clear and loud but only when Good quality of earphones like Sony is used. The earphone provided with the PHONE are of worst quality.
8. Battery backup is good lasts a day with surfing listening music and playing games. power mode is very good option to save battery if travelling or facing electrical issues
9. Using net over the PHONE is good no issues.
10. Not faced any issues while calling or receiving calls. 
I highly recommend this phone..!! 
 the delivery was fast. i used the mobile for 48 hrs and writing the review . it has good battery , good camera ,good version and got the best mobile. dont wait just buy it. 
 The phone is nice but sound quality is very low...... am i correct , or there is any issue with my mobile 
 performance of this mobile is too good . no lags no hanging . battery backup is also nice. n the SOUND is BEST of all . the only con is the mobile is not loaded with a good camera but have a decent one.. 
 pros:(1) beautiful gorgeous display, 
 (2) opens application very fast ,much faster than moto g 2nd gen.
 (3) very light weight
 (4)good battery back up
 (5) wireless display (miracast) supported.... miracast not available on moto g 2nd gen
 (6) good front camera
 (7)dolby atmos good sound output through headphones
 (8)good multitasking experience...task not killed in background
 (9)good call quality
 (10) 4G
 (11)exapndable storage
 (12) OTG support
 (13)price
 (14) continuous autofocus works very good in recording mode 
CONS:(1)average quality rear camera
 (2) average built quality
 (3) lags sometimes
 (4) sound in earphone is not too loud
 (5) touch keys are not backlit 
 This is the best mobile. The reasons are -
1. price very compatitive.
2. Features are Awsome.
3. Very light weight.
4. No hanging at all.
5. Camera quality superb 
 It supports all the 4G LTE and 3G bands to be launched in India.. Its running 64bit octa-core processor and the only Android OS supporting the same, which is Lollipop... Yes, 64bit processors on KitKat phones is useless, imho... 
Camera is good enough, after the latest updates (I got two after opening the phone)... Battery backup is also good and I got 5.75 hours of SOT on first day itself... 
The phone is slim and light weight... Lack of Gorilla Glass is compensated to some level with the given free screen guard.. 
This phone though officially supports SD card upto 32GB only, I am using 64GB Sandisk Class 10 (UHS-1) card without any issues from day one... 
Over-all a great phone... 
There are few s/w bugs, which I hope Lenovo will squash them in coming updates... 
 I brought this mobile in second flash sale...reviews are good so i purchase...
mobile is good...display and touch are awsome but there are some issues with phone..i used redmi note nearly for 4 month lenovo is not better then redmi note,,,,, 
problems: phone heats up 10 min of gameplay.
 sound qulity of this phone is a joke.
 ear phones,speakers and call speaker are very low.
 it lags some time, 
 battery back up is not so good.
 cheap hardware ..
pros; nice display...and touch.
 network and wifi speed is awsome...no problem with any network issue.
 light weight.camera is good...better than redmi note. 
finaly its a good budget phone for new users....but if ur a xiomi user dont buy this phone. uill not like it. 
 not happy with the product. waiting for replacement from flipkart. 
its getting heated up when the data is on, even for wi-fi. 
Don't rush to buy with the sale thing out there. 
 I BUY THIS PHONE FLIPKART SERVICE IS VERY GOOD I RECEIVE MY ORDER NEXT DAY THANKS FOR IT. BUT PHONE QUALITY IS VERY POOR CAMARA NOT CAPTURE NATURAL COLOURS. VERY BAD CAMARA. 
 Although Features are very good, but lack in sound quality no effect of dolby digital.
For sound no option for sony and samsung. 
 I would say that at this price this is a clear steal. Excellent display and touch. Quite peppy and very friendly UI. Rear camera is little disappointing but worth the price tag it has. 
 I got my phone yesterday through flipkart. Credit card with chip not working on cash on delivery (May be some machine fault or whatsoever).Had to use my debit card for payment.
Phone is very lightweight.camera quality is good.Phone Sound quality is average but through Dolby Factor it gets enhanced but not that great.Also the speaker is on back side and when I was watching HD video on youtube,Display quality was awsome but was not able to hear sounds clearly even when volume was set to full but again use dolby app to enhance the sound quality. In box handsfree is very cheap in quality. 
But Overall I found the phone very easy to use,vibrant colors,very good touch screen.
value for money. 
 I bought the phone in the first flipkart sale of 15th April 2015 and up until today was pretty happy with the handset, barring the awful headphones (was planning to get branded ones) and below standard screen guard.
However, today, all of a sudden the display went kaput while I was using the phone! Now I have transparent white bands all over the screen (more or less vertically alligned to the icons) and constant flickering. Tried re-start etc. and finally did a factory reset - all with no result. I have now called up flipkart and have asked for a refund/replacement.
Really disappointed as otherwise this phone was performing to my expetations. 
Update on 01-May-15:
----------------------------
Had a technical call with Flipkart executive and after testing my prone using their smartchk app they have put in a request for replacement. Hope the new phone will last atleast 2/3 years. 
 love this phone, battery backup is awsome..giving 24 hrs backup with playing games as well. and Flipkart service also one of the good one.  
only one thing, regarding internal memory comes up with 8GB, in this nly 3GB available for user, if lenovo a7000 will give 16gb internal, then its become good, why because android 5.0 version is eating upto 5GB memory..but overall i'm satisfied. 
Earphone given by lenevo is normal, but if use some other headphones like samsung, play the games like, mortal combat 5, NOVA, Asphalt, you will feel like in theater experience, as DOLBY ATMOS inbuilt. 
 Pros:
I wont write pros because u can see its specs and all r pros. 
Cons:
Rear camers is not that great. its okay okay. 
 HI love the phone....this is not a phone for 8999 and if it is some samsung or sony it will cost us around 20 to 30 thousand....i am loving it..guys trust me...buy it...its worth buying 
 I bought this phone after a long wait... And now I think it worth it...
Its only 2 day till I got this phone.. After using this phone for 2 days I should say its the best at its price... 
Pros And Cons on this phone...
Pros..
1 Good battery life.. It lasted for 1 day with moderate to heavy usage for me...
2 Performance is just awesome... Mediatek is not a kid anymore.. Its,s mali 760 GPU 
 can run almost any high end game that android got.. I played GTA san &MC 5 without any major lag on this phone...
3 Amazing screen .. The IPS display is amazing with its vibrant colours and amazing viewing angles..
4 Software .. The lenovo did a pretty decent work on its software.. Lolipop is redefined by its VIBE 2.0.. Believe me it just makes it great.. The secure zone,power manager,tap to light(simulates KNOCK Code on LG) are just a few..The lenovo also installed so many pre installed apps which cannot be called bloatware as it can be uninstalled without root..
5 Feature .. The lenovo included so many features on the phone usuing its bunch of sensors which makes this phone a real smart one.. 
Now to the CONS
....
1 Heating ... i was feared to buy this phone as most of its reviews mentioned its heating issue but its not that much... The phone get heated up mainly when we play games .. that means its the GPU that makes the phone cooked up.. At normal use I didn't experienced that heating issue..
2 Rear camera .. The phone has an 8MP rear camera which is not so great.. The photos came pretty good at sufficient light but very much pixelated at the lack of light.. Most of the times its because of the out focused shots.. So I think lenovo can fix it with a software update.. Its UI is good Video recording is also fine with full HD and continuous focus mode..
3 Notifications of Whatsapp and FB are not showing up when the apps are not running.. It should be because of the RAM management really kill the app for improving performance.. The notification light also don't light up at any other notifications... There also I expect a software update.. 
So guys Its your turn to decide... If the pros can be a reason for u to override the cons go for it ... Its a good deal...  
 Very Happy and excited to receive Lenovo A7000. This is my first flash sale purchase. Ordered on 22/04/2015 and got it by 24/04/2015. Flipkart as usual at its best in delivery. Coming to mobile everything is fine except the earphones. Ear phones are of very cheap quality. It dint work properly also. I raised a complaint and flipkart credited my account with Rs. 400/-. Good service.  
I am very happy about the touch and performance of the phone. Very smooth. Light weight & slimmmmmmm. Sooooooooooooooo nice. Worth of ur money. 
 I've been using the lenovo a7000 for almost 2 weeks now and the day I received the phone I checked for updates, Yes... There were 2 KERNEL UPDATES. 
I've been reading the reviews, a lot of negative reviews though.
To those people who are facing issues with Heating and the camera including the freezing issue, Just update your kernel versions. It's a good phone within this price. 
The performance is fluid, Good display, Nice battery and the camera is decent. 
So, Please UPDATE the firmware before using your phone, then submitting your so called review.  
 Some time charger is not working. We can use different charger but the problem we need to use company charger for better battery performance.  
Audio quality is not good. loud speaker volume is very minimum 
 I have been using this phone for 2 days now and have almost used all of its features. First of all first time Flipkart failed to deliver the product in stipulated time. 
Now about the product...It is sleek look and when you open the box and hold it in hand does not feel as if you have picked the product. The back panel is of matte plastic. Hence it first seemed to me as a dummy model of A7000. 
The product is filled with quite good features which come with Android Lolypop. The processor is too fast for such a money. The screen resolution is fantastic. The games apps run too easy compared to other phones in the same segment. Yes wifi is also too fast. I configured my phone on wifi in just couple of minutes. 
With all the plus points it has drawbacks as well.
1. The phone does not support Video calling which is now a days coming in all phones which supports 3G.
2. The picture quality is okay type. The 8 MP picture blurds when zoomed.
3. It can download all the apps from teh App store but the same are installed on internal memory and cannot be transfered to Sd card. So if anyone is a heavy app downloader then this is not the right phone.
4. Wih continuous use of phone on wifi the battery supports just over 12 hrs. 
Hence my recommendation is if anyone is looking for a good phone within 10 K range and is not too photograpic and uses less apps, then this phone is good choice. Else you have other in the market with better choice. 
 I ordered this mob on 2 flash sale and i received it on 24th , the handset is price worthy and i am really satisfied with its design & performance 
The only drawback which i fell is its camera performance other than that it is great to use........ 
 I ordered this product on Apr-22nd and got it on Apr-24. Delivery is too fast and I can't expect that day to come. 
Regarding Lenova A7000 mobile, performance & battery backup is superb. Front camera(5MP) is nice compared to back camera(8MP). I don't know why.. 
So, except camera quality everything is better and worthy... 
 Loved it, it has all the features i was looking for
Gifted it to my friend and he is very happy with the phone
Design is Awesome 
 Recently I've purchased this phone, I'm very satisfied with this phone because price is a affordable and give us to many features and also it is very light weight phone. 
 this is a superb phone .lolipop looks superb. battery screen and sound in ear and speaker sab faaad hai. this is full pasia wasool product. 
 Review after 3 days of use. No games played. 
Pros- 
1. Very lightweight. Very much. 
2. Smooth touch response and clear display. I don't understand why people are cribbing over HD display at 5.5' screen. It is sharp and good. 
3. Lollipop really goes well with this.  
4. Battery - I got 18 hours of battery with wifi constantly on, watched one movie, watched youtube for about an hour, chatted on whatsapp with autobrightness on. I was left with 8% battery at the end of 16 hours. Impressed! Good job lenovo. 
5. Ultimate Power Saver mode is really an amazing idea. Awesome. Totally in love with this feature. 
6. Processor is butter smoth for routine functions. No games played so no comments there. Routine movie watching doesn't heat up the phone. I felt the temperature was good. Might heat during gaming. 
7. OTG support is cool! so is 4G. Futureproof. 
8. Front camera rocks. Rear camera sucks. Overall stock camera app sucks in general. 
So far, so good. It is a bang for the buck. 
CONS- 
1. 8GB internal? Come on! 
2. Though lightweight, can get slippery and no gorilla glass so beware of falls. 
3. Dolby atmos is just a marketing tactic and makes no difference. Speaker sound is lame. So if you are one of those loud people, please buy this and be decent in public places :-P 
4. Headphones are cheap and poor. Might as well not provide and cut the price by 500 bucks. Seriously. 
5. Vibe UI is crappy and boring. It eats up a lot of internal too! But not too bad. I hope future updates will freshen up this boring UI. Otherwise interface is good and detailed. 
CONCLUSION - 
Totally buy this if you are - 
1. Not a heavy gamer
2. Long battery life loving one
3. Lightweight phone lover and a gentle user
4. Poor
5. In need of large HD display for movies and surfing and chatting. 
 Hey all
This phone is great value for money.
Light weight ,Good RAM=Good speed Good picture quality. Just dint like the feature that when you get you unlock this phone you get message screen popping always automatically.
Not tried playing games on it yet.
I rate 4* for this phone. 
 used this product from last 10 days and there is no problem in product also the battery is good so if you want to buy go for it. 
 Pros
1) 2GB RAM - faster (but OS and other files occupies 1 GB)
2) 5.5 inch screen - looks nice
3) comes with screen guard
4) 1.5 Ghz processor - no lagging
5) Android lollipop - latest
6) Speakers sound quality is good (they should have provided front speaker)
7) Camera quality is good with HDR (high dynamic range imaging) option otherwise it is 
 average
8) comes with 4G (waiting for the service providers to introduce 4G)
9) Price Rs.8999/- , nobody can provide a mobile in this price range with above features except lenovo!! 
Cons
1) No backlit for front 3 buttons. During night time you cant see where these buttons are.
2) 8 GB internal memory. Out of which only 3.5+ GB only usable - very less
3) No flash for front camera
4) Battery 2900 mAh - ok but they should have provided higher capacity 
 I will give 5 stars for flipkart for having promptly replaced my product. But the replacement was as bad as the original. I am still having problems with the headset which gets unplugged at the slight shake of my head. The earphones have been rendered absolute obselete, i think the entire lenovo A7000 first batch sold on flipkart is a defective batch, maybe others also might react by sending mails to you people. Overall very dissatisfied with the product but satisfied with flipkart's service. 
My rating 1 for the product and 5 for flipkart. 
 Hi , This phone i brought on 22nd apr delivery happen on 23 apr, it is good one. but it is getting very high heat while talking even 1 to 2 minutes of talking also it is getting heat. rest all are ok.  
Regards, 
Ravikumar.S 
 Both front and back camera are very very bad. I am not satisfied with the camera quality.As usual flipkart delivered this product on time. 
 A lot of positive things are being discussed about this phone, but I just wanna mention few things by which I'm dissatisfied for the benefit of those who want to buy
1. Talking phone calls is heating up the mobile by which we'll feel very much uncomfortable
2. Using WiFi and Hotspot heats up the phone
3. Most disappointing thing about this phone is that the ear phones aren't good for music (i should rather say they're very bad), the sound's very feeble which you can hardly hear in a noisy crowd which we're used to. This comes as a disappointment as the mobile has Dolby Atmos and you can hardly hear sound from your headphones. 
 I have been using this phone from last couple of weeks and its very nice. 
Pros :
 -Octa core CPU
 -2 GB RAM
 -Android 5 (Lollipop) out of the box
 -HD Resolution
 -3000 Mah Battery 
Cons:
 -Only 8GB ROM 
 the phone with all the high-end specs has very major drawbacks. Some might consider them major and for some it don't matter..My review
1. You cannot delete apps like true caller etc. saying these are system apps...Annoying
2. Internal space even after deleting games and junk is around 2.5 Gb but knew before buying about the internal storage so it's ok..
3. back-up is decent should last one day even with usage on higher side.
4. Themes app is very annoying...for me atleast..
5. performance hardware wise is very good..specs do come in handy.
6. Apps like chrome, facebook will be on phone storage..so plz be prepared about it.
7. camera as mentioned by many...is below avg but again price at which it comes..be thankful it has a camera and that too 8Mp..so no complaints..
and lastly one thing which i personally hate and can't do anything about it is non-illuminated touch button at the bottom edge..though you get used to them after a while but i though its not a big deal to provide lighting to them. Could have increased the price by few hundred but worth it.
delivery by flipkart was as expected..delivered within a day..so thumbs-up 
 1.having superb looks with lenovo tag at the back side.
2.having a much lighter weight as compare to the other phone at this price point.(impressive point of this phone)
3.processor is too good u can call it buttery processor.
4.resolution of the phone is very awesom. video quality is impressive.
5.dolby sound with my sennheiser earphone is brilliant.i become the fan of this now.
6.interface is good enough.
7.battery performance is too good it provided you full day backup.(with heating problem)
cons:
1.phone having a heating problem at the upper half portion.
2.flipkart does not provide you any replacement if your battery temp.do not cross 45 degree temp.with the phone tester app.
3.earphone quality is too bad. completely useless.
4.camera quality is not good at night level point but for the day use it is brilliant.
SO overall this phone is very recommended according to the price point.game lover should go for it because the asphlat 8,N.O.V.A etc these heavy games runs by processor without even a single lag.....
thank you   
 i got this beauty after great difficulties as there was a huge rush for this mobile... booked it on 22nd and as usual flipkart mates delivered it on the next day.. (+90 rs extra for it). i read many reviews of it before buying this phone and was surprised to see that the ratings is below 4... now coming to the specs:
1. good hd 720p screen with good colours 
2. very easy to use and good lenovo UI
3. ram is 2gb bbut the services and processes occupies around 800 mb so u will be left with around 1.2-1.3 gb which is good for playing any heavy games as i tried asphalt 8 which did not lag .
4. battery back up is quite good so far.. lets see if it continues like this..
5. front camera is good for taking selfies in moderate low light 
6. multitasking on the go...
7. thanks to dolby atmos sound is awesome ...............
8. there is no heating problem till now .. but during charging gets heated very little ( that's not an issue)..
9. GO FOR IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
cons:
1. rear camera is not very good .. i would rate it 8/10.
2. back cover is made of plastic .. it would have been better
3. no lights for the bottom buttons.
4. only 1 sim is 4g/3g/2g but other is only 2g
5. please do not use the headset given in box .. buy a good one 'cause tha t's really bad. 
overall it's an awesome phone at this price .. very good at this price
also comes with screen guard in the box... 
 Best cell-phone in available price band and no doubt on the performance and its octacore processor giving like anything we can do simultaneously.
as Lenovo brand is there so we can trust 
 Yeah, it's worth to have but only if you are ready to spend with little extra. It has all the features which I was expecting. It's screen is extremely sensitive and fast responsive processor. It gives joy of using latest android software i.e. Lollipop. One disappointment was with the quality of earphones. I checked it with my other old earphones then to my surprise the sound was too good. One more thing about front camera that it gives VGA kind of look to photos. Barring these 2 things the overall performance of the handset is great. But i think price should have been under 8000. Then its good, 
 [Updated on 01-May-2015] I am giving a detailed review after using it for 15 days. 
Look and Feel: 8/10
It is very slim. Though the display size is 5.5" it is fitting very will in the hand and better to hold while talking and browsing the features. But sometimes it is slipping from hand due the its slim design. I bought one transparent back cover after fitting it the phone is not slipping from hand. But the phone will no more be slim. 
Display and Clarity: 7/10
The display is 720p but I am not finding any difference between my Samsung Galaxy S II which is full HD display. But the color production is different. I can see some slight change in the color. I confirmed it by checking the icon color of What's App and TapaTalk which I am using frequently. 
Processing Speed (RAM/Processor): 9.5/10
The RAM size is 2 GB and almost 1 GB is available at any time after installing apps and with limited apps running in the background. When running some more apps, the available RAM is around 850 MB which is also better. Processor is Octa-Core Media Tek. Though some people (including my brother) not recommended Media Tek, I have chosen it and till now not finding any problems. The phone accessibility is good because of the processor and RAM. Till date, the phone didn't get heat at any time. I tried playing a default game available in the phone for at least 15 minutes and phone was not getting heat. I am not giving 10 marks since I need to check with more games. 
Storage: 7/10
The phone comes with an internal storage of 8 GB. Around 3.5 GB is occupied by the OS. After installing few apps and setting the default write memory as SD card, around 2 GB is now available for installing more Apps. There is an option available to set the default write memory to SD card which is saving all the data in the SD card including What's App media (images/videos/audios). But, the internal memory could have been given as 16 GB with same price or may be with Rs.500 extra. But there is an option to move apps to SD card. May be this will help to keep some internal memory available. We can extend the SD card up to 32 GB and right now I have 16 GB card. The phone also supports OTG to connect external USB devices. I tried connecting a 4GB pen drive and transferred the files. But when I tried connecting my 1 TB external hard disc, it is not detecting (may be I am expecting a lot). 
User Friendliness: 10/10
I am feeling comfortable accessing the features and options without any hassle. The Lollipop 5.0 available in the phone is having most of the quick options including Flash Light in the notification panel itself which I feel good. The lock screen is also having some quick options to go the details of the notification and on going processes. There is also an option to open camera directly from lock screen. The lock screen is also showing quick access to the music player which is also good for me. 
Camera: 6/10
The rear camera comes with 8 MP and front camera comes with 5 MP. Both rear and front cameras are not producing good clarity in average lighting conditions. 
The rear camera is giving superior quality only during day light. The rear panel is having dual LED flash. So, taking pictures with flash during lower light conditions is improving the quality somehow but still I don't like it. The photo is coming with more pixels that we can see even without zooming the image. Redmi 1S camera is far better than this that I personally checked with same image. Same is the case with Video but we can record full HD video. I yet to check the full HD video. I tried tweaking some camera settings till today and feeling some improvements. Recently Lenovo pushed an update to improve the rear camera which was mentioned as the key reason for the update when I was receiving the update. This is the third update from them. Overall not satisfied with camera performance. 
The front camera is producing good images comparing my Samsung Galaxy SII. But there is a difference in the color production of rear and back camera of A7000. 
Audio Quality including Dolby Atmos: 9/10
Audio quality even without Dolby enabled is good. Call quality is good comparing my Samsung Galaxy SII. It is good in phone speaker, loud speaker and headphone. Dolby quality is awesome. It is completely changing the default quality of the song to a superior quality. Only drawback is, there is no option to save presets with the tweaked Dolby settings. The last customized setting will be there when you are opening the Dolby option later. But if you want to tweak one point, the rest of the settings are automatically changing which is very bad since I am not able to come back to the last saved setting. I am not sure if this will be fixed by Lenovo. Overall good. I would have given 10 out of 10 if the said problem is not there. 
Battery: 9/10
The phone comes with a 2900Mah battery. Starting with 100% battery level, I am able to use the phone for more than 24 hours (including night) with regular usage. 
 After bought lenovo A7000 i can say, Not all good things are expensive
Jokes apart product is really very good in all aspects
You can surely go for it without thinking a second,, 
Flipkart Services are Very fast,got the Product in exactly 24 hours   
 hats off flipkart delivery service, i received with in 20hr, owesome speaker sound, back camera is better than yureka, front camera is average to compare yureka, only having 3.5 gb internal storage, lowlight dual flash is taking gud pic to compare yureka&alcatel, headset totally waste, i never seen before this like type of low quality android mobile headset, i throw it to basket, touch & gaming perfomens is great, battery perfomens is also gud, and two times i faced restarting problem, lightly heated when i played mostwanted 15min, if you guys like to hearing song with headset you not like this mobile 
 Great mobile at a reasonable rate. Unmatched in price and quality. 
However, the reduction of the number of speakers (A7000 has only a "single" speaker while the A6000 has "TWO") is a little disheartening,  
It would also have been great if the inbuilt memory had been 16gb instead of just 8 gb (the A6000 Plus has 16 gb) 
else, this phone would have definitely been a FIVE starrer. 
 Hi, 
Flipkart excellent service. Just ordered yesterday and received it in the morning today. Very fast service .
 The phone has good and impressive features . looks good on first impression. the only problem is that It has a heating issue . 
What lenovo recommends to reduce that ? 
Has any solution to this issue ?
Need a feedback or reply from lenovo . 
 We can huge force to remove battery. Phone Performance and Camera is good. Gaming performance is very good. Back side panel is low quality. Overall phone is Ok. 
 Look and performance wise the phone is pretty good.
main draw back is the device is getting heated up, 
Its getting heated if I make a call / receive,
While charging the phone is heating up to max.
After 30 min of usage, burning smell is coming out from back.
Poor accessories in the box.
Lenovo has to do something for the heating issue. 
 Purchased in first sale and using from last one week, its a nice phone as good hardware performance and better build quality good battery backup, nice display and viewing angle. Amazing performance, one thing which disappoint is low internal memory that should be increased at least 16 gb and should have protective gorilla glass protection on screen.GPU performance is good no heat-up sign, light weight. its complete value for money. 
 totally phone is awesome.. heating occurs when u r charging.. totally less amount of heat when you are using..
those who are sayng less quality camera nd heating problem.. why cant u buy apple iphone...
some pieces have some issues...totally reviews are for their phones only... not for the phone u r going to get....
phone is excellent under this price range.... 
 it's a monster packed with awesome features..go for it..you will not regret.............................. 
 *good on specs
*nice camera
*good interface
*very nice phone for its price
*i have used the phone for a week and i am really satisfied with the phone
*the only problem i face is that there is no screen protection(no corning gorilla glass)
*with small time of use there's smudges all over the screen so we need to clean the screen frequently 
 Excellent phone. No lag. Great Display. Good design. Very very slim. Great Camera. Value for Money. Excellent sound. 
 I bought this phone as a multimedia device and Lenovo positioned this device as a multimedia device meant for media consumption. I am not much of a gamer and with the kind of heating it undergoes under moderate usage it is safe to assume it will get heated further on heavy gaming.
The phone looks decent and very light for its size.
The camera is just average and it wont satisfy camera lovers.
I did not experience any lag while using it and multitasking is a breeze.
Call quality is good and 3G net works fine. 
Now coming to the most important aspect of this phone i.e., Media usage.
This phone failed miserably in this department in my case .
I tried the stock earphones provided and found them to be a piece of trash.
I switched to my apple Earpods. While the quality of music was nice, the volume was low. Later I tried my friends creative ep 630, soundmagic es 18s. and it was the same story.
I tried these same earphones in a Lenovo A6000 and then my ancient Galaxy Y and both of them beat my brand new phone.
Disappointed I applied for a return request, and adding insult to injury Flipkart denied my service request before even calling me once.
After calling Flipkart they said that it may be the normal output of the phone and showed me the door to the service center for further assistance.
I have sold my phone after this incident and I am not sure if I got a defective piece or the sound output is just low in this device. I will stress that it is not too low but it is low in comparison to other phones and I have seen a few reviewers complaining about the low headphone output so I am sure that I am not the only one.
Bottomline : If you want to buy this phone just pray that you dont get a defective piece or else you will have a hard time. 
Update: I have confirmed with other owners of the phone that the headphone jack volume is low in this model and it wasnt specific to my phone. 
 Over all phone is good combination of features.Camera picture quality is some what lagging.Other feature are quite ok.If you are looking for some best camera phone this phone is not for you.If you are not camera lover then definetly go for it. 
 Purchased from Flipkart was Delivered next day , Excellent Packing . Was little worried when read the reviews about the camera . But after using it find it really good (Auto Focus).
Phone with Awesome features . Lollipop works great.
Pros :
* Fast Processor 
* Good Battery Life
* Very Light Weight
* Good Camera 
Best Mobile at this Price . 
 Lenovo A 7000 i have purchased this mobile from flipkart. this is very good phone, light weight, 2 gb ram, 8 gb rom good phone price is good. i m using this phone. good delivery timing.  
Thanks 
 Good phone, good for browsing, good for games, good for apps, latest Android, Light weight is good 
Poor music, No use of the Dolby app. Poor plastics and not durable, Poor ear phones. 
over all i like the phone. 
 I have not seen such ridiculous camera in a smartphone. I am very much disapointed for the camera & headfone. 
 A reveiw after 3 days of usage. This phone is awesome, it is superfast and very slim. This phone has some pros and cons too, no phone is perfect:
PROS
1)Good screen, sharp and very sensitive.
2)Battery life, it has good battery backup.
3)Performance, the octa core processor performs very well even with heavy games like asphalt 8 and modern combat 4.
4)2GB RAM, now a days 512 MB and even 1GB is less
5)4G LTE connectivity, it has good 3G speed.
6)Awesome design, it is very slim and is very good looking.
7)UI, the lenovo user interface is very good and easy to use. 
CONS:
1)The most thing that disappointed me is the camera, it is 8mp but the clarity is not good. After zooming in and even in regular image we can see dots.
2)Bad back cover quality, the back cover is very thin. It may break. ADVICE: Use a Back cover. 
My advice, i refer this phone, it is very good. 
 phone is awesome
2 GB Rom
8 gb ram
rear camera and front camera are too good
i feel it this phone value for money
and i am loving it  
 No words to say abt it.simply superb.i m writing it after 2days use.
very rich in specs wise.
display very good.good dpi.10/10
touch silky smooth,vert responsive.10/10
sound superb. 10/10
camera should have been better 7/10 
Dolby atmos is extremely good.
Music lovers just go for it.you never regret.  
 This is by far one of the gem phone in this price.. Got it in first sale n it features are awesome.. Won't write about how it works there are to many reviews .. One thing would like to tell just GO FOR IT 
 Great phone compare than yu yureka. 
battery life is best. 
looking cute. 
faster  
slimer phone 
little bit heating while charing 
 Bought it on 15th, got it on 18th.  
Really an awe-inspiring piece of work from Lenovo.  
My last on, S920 ( also a Lenovo ) ended up in shattered glass. However, now I believe whatever happens, is for a greater good.  
The Phone is Sleek, Sturdy, Seriously Beautiful and very fast. 
Sound Quality is very Nice. Device Performance is worth appreciation. 
Camera is very Crisp. Here though, it must be noted that Pictures using flash take long to be captured.  
No Heating issues whatsoever. Battery truly lasts more than 2 Days ( on 2G ). Superfine touch experience. Lollipop works flawlessly.  
With all above, Playstore strangely takes long to load and apps from Playstore donot download at the very first try. No reason why this is happening. Could be an issue with my network provider too.  
All in all, if you need a phone right now, go get this piece of serious work. You won't repent.  
Above review is after 48-70 hours of rigorous usage.  
And yes, Micromax .... A big No. Even if they sell a Super Computer Mobile Phone at Rs.10K. 
 Dolby ATMOS feature is excellent 10/10 
display is excellent 10/10 
Ram & Processor are good. 9/10 
Camera is good both rear & front 8/10 
battery is good 9/10 
in Rs.9000 its mind blowing cell 
 Actually I'm the big fan of Sony but now I changed to Lenovo. Because Lenovo (A7000) design was very good especially android (Lollipop) is too good. 
In this Mobile all future's are very good. Camera Primary & Secondary is too Good..  
If I said simply it's a very valuable for Money & future. 
I'm assured that all are loved this Mobile. 
Also thanks for flipkart team. they had done the fast delivery (24 Hours).  
 I liked this Creation from Lenovo. It is truly worth buying this mobile at this price. I hope Lenovo will capture most of the budget friendly smartphone market. 
 Ordered Lenovo A7000 on its first sale open on 15th of April received from Flipkart on 18th at 10 AM. Tested the phone. I find it quite satisfactory keeping in mind 5 factors like Processor, RAM, Screen Size, Camera quality and Battery backup. Lookwise also it is very nice, handy as well as light also. I will give it 4.5 rating out of 5. Best budget phone under 10k. 
 1. Batter performance.
2. Good battery life.
3. Display quality also good.
4. Sound quality is good but not louder, very low sound.
5. Camera is good but only in daylight.
6. Memory is very low. 
7. No menu screen only home screen in this phone.
8. Overall experience is good.
9. I have download asphalt 8 and others are default app now 1.77GB left in internal memory.
you can't move default app to SD Card, if you move asphalt 8 to SD card after download you need to download again 1250 MB additional data. so fist move your game to SD card than download additional data. also hang some times when start asphalt 8. 
 Phone has some heating problem. Getting high temperature some times while talking (even in 2-3 minutes) around speaker area (both front and back side). This high temperature creating discomfort.  
Flipkart customer care person told me that temperature while talking may goes upto 48*C and may be more if some other application running behind. Even 48*C is too high as normal ear temperature is 38*C (10*C above normal temperature of the ear). This is not reasonable. On this front i am not satisfied. I would like replacement or refund if this model A7000 has this problem.  
Even flipkart must write these things if company ( in this case lenovo) setting this type of high temperature standard. 
Apart from it i liked phone.   
First thing First....... Long live Flip Kart.... 
What a service....Flash Sale on Wednesday and Got the phone on Friday 2 PM.....What a service...HATS OFF TO U GUYS 
This phone has turned out to be a great buy for me....after a lot of research and deliberations i discarded Yu and for my good i purchased this phone. 
Pros: 
1. Wifi sense is great and range is great.
2. Front camera is great.
3. Rear Camera is OK sort.
4. Dolby in ear piece will take you to next world of music experience.
5. Loud speakers are great.
6. Touch sense is great.
7. Phone is extremely light
8. No heat Issues...phone remains constant at 32 - 35 degrees only. Only on high graphics games reaches 38 or so.
9. Plays 1080 p HD movies with ease.
10. RAM utilization is great more than 1 GB available.
11. Comes with scratch guard 
Cons: 
1. Ear piece could have been better..actually they are very bad
2. Back side of the phone could have been better.....
3. Could have provided Gorilla Glasses
4. Could have included flip cover. 
I have uploaded one video in you tube with "Lenovo A7000 user review" so you can check the same.  
All in all, a phone you can buy with eyes closed. 
 FIRST OF ALL THANKS TO FLIPKART TO DELIVER THIS SMARTPHONE LESS THAN A DAY..
PROS:
AWESOME BATTERY LIFE...Battery gives 2 days on full charge although it takes 4-5 hrs to charge from 3%-100%.
SCREEN IS HD BUT LOOKS LIKE FULL HD..
TOUCH IS AWESOME JUST LIKE OR BETTER THAN MY PREVIOUS ASUS ZENFONE 5..
GAMES LIKE REAL RACING 3,ASPHALT 8 AIRBORNE,,ETC PLAYS BUTTERY SMOOTH EVEN ON HIGH QUALITY GRAPHICS..
REAR & FRONT CAMERA IS GOOD IN GOOD LIGHTNING CONDITIONS BUT WORSE AT NIGHT ALTHOUGH IMAGES ARE QUITE SHARP.
DOLBY ATMOS IS THE FANTASTIC FEATURE IT HELPS TO HEIR WHATEVER WE LIKE(I HAVE JBL T26C WHICH GIVES BETTER SOUND QUALITY BUT I RECOMMEND SEINHEISER 3D HEADPHONE),SPEAKER OUTPUT QUALITY OF A7000 IS BEST THAN HTC BOOMSOUND.
ANTUTU SCORE(43320) OF THIS BEATS OTHER FLAGSHIP DEVICES SCORES.
IT'S LIKE FEATHERY LIGHT WEIGHT AS ITS WEIGH ONLY 140Gm WITH RESPECT TO ITS SIZE.  
CONS: 
LONG TIME TO CHARGE FULLY.
VERY CHEAP ACCESSORIES(HEADSET) AND HAVING WORSE SOUND QUALITY.
THE HEADPHONE JACK IS NOT FULLY INSERT,I DONT KNOW IS THIS THE DEFECTIVE PRODUCT OR NOT. 
THE BUTTONS ARE NOT BACK LIT..  
THATS IT I LIKE THIS COZ IN 9K WHAT ARE U EXPECTED FROM THIS PRICE RANGE. I M REALLY HAPPY WITH THIS SMARTPHONE & ALSO SUGGEST U TO BUY THIS WITHOUT ANY DOUBTS.. 
 VERY GOOD PHONE IN BUDGET AND FETURES WISE ITS REALY A GOOD DEAL AND DELIVERY ALSO ON TIME FLIPKART ALSO A GOOD COMPANY CASH AND CREDIT CARD ALSO AVILABLE ON DELIVERY AS DOOR STEP ITS REALY GOOD DEAL AND VALUE FOR MONEY 
 I received the mobile on 18th and it is just as expected. 
Pros:
- Marvelous UI
- High Battery Life
- Amazing experience with Dolby Atmos (Not with the given headphones)
- Super fast
- Weight 
Cons:
- Average camera
- Finishing & Material
- Headphones (most disappointing with Dolby Atmos Cell Phone)
- Charger do not have branding
- Does not have corning gorilla glass
- Internal Storage 
Overall I am very satisfied with this mobile in this price range! 
 Awesome mobile at this price.
Slim and lightweight.
Resolution is awesome! 
Battery experience too felt nice(Long Life).
Front Cam is good for Selfies. 
Phone looks elegant and works very fast. Games are so smooth. No lagging at all.
 crystal clear sound by DOLBY. 
 Order on 15 April got on 18 april..... 
Really awesome phone no lag at all Superfast,Multitasking mind blowing
Battery life is amazing
Build quality and phone design 9/10 
and the best part just for RS-9000 from a brand like Lenovo 
the only con's are
as its come with dolby atmos technology
lenovo should also provide good earphone not the cheap one from 90's style
flash is not working when taking photos at night or low light by using Default camera. 
 Awesome Build quality accept the backcover. Sound quality is low in company provided headphones,if we use another headphones then sound quality is loud and clear. Battery backup is awesome, Light weight in 5.5 inch screen it is just amazing. USB cable quality is very good. Charger quality is okay. Back camera 8MP pics sometimes look same like 5MP front cam pics. UI is the best, Phone is already equipped with LOLLYPOP update. Flipkart delivered it in two days after ordering. No heating problem at all. 
 Lenovo could really earn the trust of its customers if they provided better cameras in this phone.  
I need camera of my phone to capture moments time to time. We donot expect that mobile phone camera will produce DSLR capacity photos. But these days reasonably great photos can be expected from good brand mobile phones. That is why I trusted to buy lenovo a7000 on the first day of sale. Unfortunately Lenovo has not justified to the trust of its customers. Both the cameras are very very ordinary and produce below quality pictures.  
Other than the camera the phone is great. 
 Lenovo.... A7000 you did not disappointed me. 
After a long wait and reading the views finally I got my item. Best phone with in the budget.
Good touch screen..
loved the new android lollipop...
I wish it would had the gorilla glass but then its OK... anybody looking for the best smartphone with in the budget then surely can go ahead with A7000.  
 This phone has met all my expectations....fits my budget, great gaming experiance, multitasking, net surfing, and strong battery backup. 
On first boot the device heated up in 10 min of use .... but when connected to wifi i recieved the OTA update which has solved the heating issue completely. 
OTG capability is great.....just watched a 1080p HD movie from the pd itself without copying data onto the phone :) 
4 stars because the Headphones in the box is worse than the ones you can buy from the streets.  
EDIT: Now after using it for 5months, the performance is great, have already installed 3gb worth of games itself, Multitasking with it is great fun, absolutely addicted to reading ebooks on it.Battery life will definately surprise you. Will surely buy once again if mine somehow gets lost ;) 
 Have been using this mobile for a day now. With wifi on, both sims installed and screen being on for nearly 50% of the time. Played games, installed apps, played with the settings, calling, etc.. 
What i experienced.....
No lag
No heating
Feels like a feather ( can be a bad thing too)
Battery at 30% after the grilling
Screen is a delight to watch..(have been watching the super amoled screen till date)
Dolby Atmos is amazing
Quick charging with 1.5A charger provided 
Few cons.
Useless Stock headphones..(But who cares- none of the stock are good for budget phones)
Camera...(Rear camera equivalent to 5MP and Front to 2MP)
2nd sim only for 2G
No tough glass protection 
For 9K, i don't think one can expect anything better.
The only bummer would be release of K3 note in India for 10K.  
 Pros:
Lightweight and slim.
No lag while running multiple apps or games.
Value for money.
Great UI.
Dolby atmos ensures amazing audio. (Headset provided is average) 
Cons:
Camera could have been better. (Not an issue for me)
Cheap back panel and no gorilla glass.  
 I got this mobile delivered within 47 hours of its introduction
with two days of use i wold say the handset seems to be fluidic and to be more specific
1 display is really good
2 battery backup excellent
3 games are really good
4 camera is actually fine to be precise
5 build quality is good
6 no hangs so far
7 1467 mb free ram 
8 ui seems to pretty easy to use 
There is no use of accessories as like other chinese makers
Maybe they could have never thought this freebie could bring lot of negative reviews
Overall : good phone for this range  
 I bought this phone like 3 months before. For first 1 month it was good then it started giving touch issues. It doesn't respond to touch. I wish I had read reviews before buying this phone. So many user have reported touch issues. Lenovo is not ready to replace the phone 
 Like other reviewer I also got the touch problem. After 2 months I started feeling that right bottom screen buttons don't respond to touch. Since flipkart doesn't replace it after 1 month I am right now visiting lenovo service center. Lenovo call center says they won't replace it. I'll not recommend this phone 
 Battery is Dumb, Wi-fi gets lost every time, and go get back wifi, i have to go to setting may be 100 times in a day. Not to buy Lenovo Product, all are dumb, even my previous handset was dumb, and i had to sell at low price to other buyer. 
 Dear friends i want to aware all of you, Flipkart as big brand is now behave like a cheap company. I purchased lenovo A7000 and i found problem in wifi system (not working) i raise the problem to flipkart 3 times but no proper response found and no replacement done by flipkart.So dear friends plz think before buy mobile set from flipkart. 
 I bought a white Lenovo A7000 mobile. The first piece that I received was faulty so I got replacement. The second piece that I got also turned out to be faulty but this time Flipkart is refusing to replace. I went to the service center but those guys also did not help. Now the flipkart guys are also not helping me. The worst ever service, ever provided by any website. 
Dont ever buy anything from Flipkart ever, and never ever buy a lenovo mobile. 
 i am very much disappointed by flipkart's service for lenovo A7000
product delivered to me in 10 days sfter escalation mail to sachin bansal CEO 
and after 7 days of using the device got failed to fuction... 
zero rating for this kind of service and product 
 usually people say we get product in 1-2 days.....but i have ordered this product on 8 august but i didn't it even in 8-9 days.this time flipKART thumbs down for you.  
 I purchased the Lenovo A7000 from Flipkart and the phone which I recieved has a problem in the touch screen sensor. They have an amazing process for a timely delivery but the structure for the return is missing completely. There is no actual support, I made a return request they called the next day and immediately send an email/message that the request for return is rejected. Then I had to make a new request for return and they send me an automated email for calling me the next day and when they called today for whatever reason they could not hear me so send in a message that they will now call the next day, this is really disappointing. I am sure they could have made one more attempt to call ONE cannot wait for an entire day to make a single communication. I am getting worried about their intentions. 
 wifi problem
phone badly heats up to 44 degree c when in call 
and no proper response from the customer care if i want to return the product. 
 I have purchased this product ( Lenova A7000) in flashsale on June 10th 2015. My first transaction with debit card was a failure but money was deducted from my bank account. immediately i did one more tranaction with same debit card and it was succesful and i got my product. I thought my money will be refunded in 3 or 4 working days.but it didnt happen. 
from then onwards i contacted flipkart customer care so many times by phone and by e mails about my refund. they told me to contact my bankers. i lodged a written complaint with my bankers. my branch manager told me that they will not refund, but flipkart supposed to refund the money through their bankers. again i contacted flipkart, they told me to send my bank statement. i did it. 
again no response from flipkart. repeatdly they are sending emails afyer every complaint to contact my bankers. so far i went to my bank more than 6 times and lodged more than 10 e mail complaints with flipkart and more than 3 complaints through phone. i was not getting any clarification from flipkart regarding status of refund. they are even guiding how to claim my money. my bankers simply told me that flipkart suposed to return through their bank. 
even though the product was good , i am not still enjoying it and it is preventing me to purchase other products from flipkart. 
hope flipkart will take some action. 
 My Rating is more for Flipkart's Replacement Guarantee that the product itself. 
Lenovo A7000 seems to have a heating problem and from the feedback I'm seeing around, it's a common problem with the phone. Other than this I haven't had any major issue with the phone.  
That said, Flipkart's Replacement Guarantee seems to be a complete SHAM. I call up the folks for a replacement and they scheduled an appt for the tech person to call up and trouble shoot / validate the problem. The next day i got the call about 40 minutes before the scheduled time and by the time i picked up the phone (about 4-5 rings) they hung up. When I called the support team back, I was told that the call can only be scheduled for the next day. Similar thing happened the next day - they called up well before the scheduled time, so the next rescheduling happened. The next time the tech team couldn't complete the troubleshooting, so i was told the call will be rescheduled. Surprisingly that didn't happens and I got a msg that the replacement has been rejected - only God knows the reason for that.  
The funny part is that the support team absolutely do not follow the schedule, and call up as per their will; you then need to call up to get another rescheduling and another one. Finally they will reject the replacement.  
Very Unprofessional of Flipkart, and the way this has happened, I'm forced to believe that Flipkart is just making a fool of us. They by no means intend to stand by the "Flipkart's Replacement Guarantee"., they are just paying the call scheduling game to avoiding any legal issues with customers 
 Hi Friends, 
After experiencing Brands like Nokia, Samsung and Sony, i was really impressed with the configuration of Lenovo A7000 with the budgeted price of 9000/-.
After much review and so much marketing by Flipkart I decided to purchase Lenovo A7000, The product was amazingly delivred before time & with good packing. Intially I was pretty happy with the Product and loved it, but this was short lived, as the touch screen stopped working I had a hard time in deleting all data and images. As the period of pucharse was within 30 days I, it was replaced with brand new Lenovo A7000. Again for first 3 weeks I was happy with the functionality of the product, but after exactly 34 days a little water seeped in the mobile, thus making the touch screen dead. The phone was okay, but the problem was with the touch screen which was dead and not responsive.
Now, as the period was over 30 days, I approched the service center, which was a third party. Here atthe service center, I got a SHOCK of my life, the problem that had occured was not covered under warranty and after arguing I was will to pay for the touch screen repair, which was Quoted at 14622/ -  
Can someone imagine that repairing cost of mobile is nearly double the cost of brand new Lenovo A7000. 
I am really SHOCKED, is there any justification or correct reason for the same?? 
If Lenovo and Flipkart really wanna answer to my questions  
Thanks and Regards,
Feroz Ahmed Khan  
 THEY GAVE ME A DEFECTED PRODUCT 
WHEN I PLACE A RETURN REQUEST THEY ARE NOT RESPONDING WELL  
I WANT TO APPROACH CONSUMER FORUM TO GET MY RETURN POLACY. 
PLEASE DON'T BELIEVE THE RETURN POLACY 
ITS A TRASH FROM FLIPCART. 
SO PLEASE SHARE THIS WITH ALL OF YOUR FRIENDS. 
WHY BECAUSE EVERYBODY SHOUD BE AWARE OF IT. 
 Was excited that i was able to buy this product, specs looked good and a steal for 9k. Delivery was prompt, but that's where the fun stops! I got a phone with a defective speaker, flipkart exchanged it. The replacement piece has battery problems, does not last for even a day - with hardly any use. Flipkart refused to return the product and asked me to contact lenovo to verify if the battery was indeed defective (they asked me to get a letter from Lenovo). I went to Lenovo, and they say ask Flipkart to exchange the product. They do not provide any such letters. Stuck between poor customer service and a bad phone. What will you do poor customer!   
I got this phone 21st may and i am getting problem of heating problem and when i play the music it automatically muting in this handset. when I called to flipkart customer care they just denied to take it back.... they gave the issue of third party for not taking the product back................. Please dont buy any electronic product from flipkart as if u dont like it, they dont take it back........... i am a very old customer of flipkart... but this time flipkart has disappointed me too much........ I will never use this site again.......  
 Please dont buy Lenovo A7000 mobile...
I orderd Lenovo A7000 mobile via Flipkart.....After using the mobile it was found that the MP3 sound was not audible. Later it was found that even the Ringtone could not be heard... 
There was some issue with the speakers....I raise a Return back request to flipkart 3 times , but didnt receive any positive feedback... They jst asked me to factory reset the the phone....even though after factory reset the issue was not resolved... 
Now they are jst extending the dates so that the replacement period is avoidable. 
 Received this device via flash sale...Now cursing my luck ...( one week of normal usage & the device has been referred for under return policy of flipkart) 
Phone has been updated twice via firmware upgrades . Yet 
1. Phone refuses to pick up calls when in active use ( you have to press the power button to switch off the screen, turn the screen on again and then you would be able to receive calls) 
2. The display turns off during calls are being received. So, to turn off the active call , you have turn the screen on by pressing power button & then turn off the call.
3. Horrible battery backup ( please do not trust the MAH ratings) power drops at substantial speed once the battery dips below 40% charge
4. Extremely poor camera quality . The front camera especially uses some weird algorythms to make your skin tone look Michael Jackson fair ! The rear camera is also a bad device
5. Software stability issues . The notification centre icons refuse to work many a times. Whatsapp notifications wont direct you to the chats unless you click the app icon ( maybe UI customisation has a lot to do here , but i ddoubt if several firmware upgrades can reduce customer agony by some notches)
6. Extremely muffled speaker volume ( but not a very big let down)
7. Low headphone volume  
Switching back to my old trusted Moto E ....Please go for second gen MOTO G , NO ONE CAN AFFORD TO WASTE 9 k on such cheap chinese stuff .....Want my money back !! 
 i got a defective lenovo a7000 handset ..when i call in flipkart they refuse to replace my handset .now i feel like a fool who purchase a crap with the price of 9000..i totaly wasted my money..when i call to flipkart costomer care a lady took my phon name AYESHA..who straightly says that we cant replace ur handset...guys its ur luck that u got the good handset else u can also get the defective pice..so be aware of that ..flipkart sucks ....i will never gona shopping again in flipkart..i also recorded the conversation between me and AYSHA..i am gonna upload in youtube ..search in youtube ;flipkart 30 days return policy fake;.u will got the audio file ... 
 I bought this phone in first flash sale. The phone was delivered very next day.The phone was working fine, however phone started developing voice and touch screen issue. I raised the concern at very last day. I ask them to change the mobile, they said their technician will check. After cancelling three meeting time provided by flipkart, and apology message their technician arrived. After spending some time he said he will call me back in 2 minutes, he did not turn up and again another apology message from flipkart.
Next day another technician called and checked the mobile, he said mobile is fine ,even though I was telling him the problem, he was not ready to accept..Now the phone touch screen has stopped responding, certain areas are not responding to my touch. Now the phone is useless for me. Requesting all of you to not to buy this phone and specifically from Flipkart.. The worst service ever experienced. 
 The product Mic is not working ,  
We had contacted Lenovo Service care which has regretted to repair the product . 
I have continuously been following up with flipkart customer care , There has been no support from Flipkart and Flipkart team says they don't have any policy for refund or return , Hence unable to process . Now the compliant is closed by flipkart team just to close the complaint without resolving the issue .
Please note : In every ad the flipkart states easy return and refund policy , Now Flipkart Team states there is no policy as such . This shows flipkart is just fooling the people by selling defective product 
 This Lenova a7000 have network & heating issues, I have tried with all the providers but no use.
I called Flikart and explain this issue and raised a return request on 13 May, but flipkart in not responding to my request. 
Dont buy anything on flipkart.  
 Please Dont buy anything from this flipkart.
I bought this product which is a defective one, and flipkart is saying me to reach service center. the what is the use of flipkart 30 days return policy? hell ........... 
 Hi, 
Lenovo A 7000, Performance specification wise very good. But in practical experience, It is the worst phone (equals RedMi phone in heating). Flipkart really lost the customers trust. They are providing the defective pieces and Bad quality mobiles. Really very disappointed with the flipkart products. 
 i received the product in time,as soon as i started using the phone problems got exposed
1.ear piece is not functioning properly,other person has to shout to be heard
2.phone gets disconnected in between conversations,customer care executive says its problem with sim. my question to them is why the problem is not noticed when i use same sim in another mobile 
dont trust their return policy,once u buy a phone from flipkart thats it,dont expect replacement in case of any problem even if u have received a plastic phone.the answer u get from them is "seller has rejected your return request" 
 I AM USING LENEVO A7000, IT HAS HEATING ISSUE SO PLEASE DONT PURCHASE THIS PHONE O FLIPKART . FLIPCART IS NOT GOING TO HELP U IF THERE IS ANY DEFECT IN PHONE I AM FACING THIS PROBLEM 
 THIS IS THE 3rd mobille from flipkart....first is redmi 1s,redmi note,and A7000. The first two phones are going well...my A7000 IS REALY BAD..THE SECOND DAY THE LOUD SPEAKER IS GOING OUT...THEN I REQUST TO RETURN..THEY CALL ME AND SAID TO PUSH THE POWER BUTTEN 120 SECONDS AND REJECT MY RETURN..AND AGAIN REQUESTED THEY GIVE ME MISSCALLS AND DENIES BY RETURN...SO Don't buy from FLIPKART 
 Hi , 
Don't buy this product. i had very bad experience with is mobile. it has a problem with display and camera clarity was very bad even compared with 5 MB. Sound also not good. And worst experience with flipkart this time, they response not good for this product.
My display get blurred. i don't want to give any star for this but their is no way to do that.  
Totally waste Lenovo 7000 
 I purchase this product from Flipkart (WSSeller) on April 29th and it got delivered on May 11th. 
The touch doesn't work on more than half of the screen. Since it's useless, i requested for a return/replacement which is rejected by flipkart stating the issue is resolved. I don't know what issue got resolved. They make phone calls and tell me to remove screenguard and put it back and restart. A person with 1% IQ will tell no body can resolve a physicall damaged piece problem over the phone, it's not a software problem.  
They're just dragging the issue again and again, just to cross the return/replacement timeline is what i sense. This is crap and i'll never buy anything on flipkart again. I'll report this to consumer court & also approach the bank to file a chargeback and subsequently an FIR with the nearby police.  
Warning: Don't buy this product. Especially on Flipkart !! BEWARE OF THESE CHEATS !! 
 phone is excellent but seller and flipkart post sales support is pathetic. Flipkart claims to have good customer service but that is only in saying. Email response after 4 days!!! whatmore pathetic than this. 
 I have bought the phone with lot of expectations like you. I am facing the very basic problem with the device that is it heats up the moment you start talking over the phone. Forget about the gaming and browsing. I just cant believe it. Brand new phone behaving like this. 
Besides, I raised a request to return the phone. Flipkart literally made me realize that it is going to be tough and my money is doomed. After the constant follow up for 3 days ( after speaking to two superviosrs) i got my handset replaced. Its the same scene with the second device as well. Now they say that if the phone does not get upto the temp of 46C its considered to be normal. How in the world less than that is not considered.  
I am still struggling guys. Think about it before buying. I am not sure about theother reviews. Think twice and thrice. Flipkart could have handled it much better than what they did. 
 i have purchase the lenova A7000 on 29 april 2015 but the mobile volume is not working and key pad is also not working as i called the customer care for the return the product they are not ready to give me the refund money they are giving reasons and not ready to replace so i suggest not to buy any item from flipkart as the worst service i had .......amazon is very good if any think happens they refund us the money for amazon i wil rate 5 star and for flipkart i wil rate 1 star ......... 
 phone is good....but flipkart service is very bad....they are not in touch in immediately...very very slow.......... 
 The device is heating like anything .... Its like a portable induction stove ..... 
 WHEN I GOT THE DEVICE AVAILABLE INTERNAL MEMORY WAS 3.56 AS SOON AS I CONNECTED IT TO WIFI EVERY THING UPDATED AND I WAS LEFT WITH 2.56 GB 
AND REALLY OCTACORE AND 8 MP CAMERA DO LENOVO GUYS EVEN KNOW THE MEANING OF X8 .....  
I CANT EVEN PLAY GAMES AND CHAT AT THE SAME TIME THE GAME LAGS A LOT.. MULTITASKING WAS QUITE A SWIFT ON XPERIA M THAN THIS ONE 
AND I THINK THIS PHONE HAS SOME SOFTWARE TO EXAGGERATE THE IMAGE SNAPPED TO ENLARGE THE RESOLUTION ONLY CAUSE ... JUST ZOOM THE CLICKED IMAGE AND SEE FOR YOURSELF  
KEEP THE DEVICE IN A METAL CASE ELSE YOU KNOW IF YOU HAVE BOUGHT THIS DEVICE AND SCREEN GUARD IS FREE CAUSE THE SCREEN IS NOT SCRATCH RESISTANT..... JUST CAME TO KNOW AFTER GOT FEW OF THEM ... 
AND TO FLIPKART YOU S**K TOOO ORDERED THE DEVICE ON 29TH APRIL SALE AND GOT IT ON 3RD MAY SO U S***K TOOO 
 took a week for delivery (understood as i ordered in class B city)  
though read reviews regarding technical issues with phone; still bought this phone 
received defective piece  
1. Display panel is damaged
2. Camera is utterly poor quality 
couldnt dare to explore more 
i stil use samsung galaxy - froyo version - 2010 onwards
apart from the technological advancement 'that works real fine' dropped and abused several time  
one simple fact why these morons cant understand; if advertise to sell a budget phone  
bloddy price it at 10000; dont produce defective product atleast ... or for god sake do not sell it on flash sales  
top of all .. this flipkart direly wants to become ''kingfisher airlines''  
i m pretty sure - defective product which they take from you probably ship it to someone else as a replacement  
they gave 2 days deadline to resolve my issue .. revised it by 7 days 
and greatest consolation of all they gave to me was ''sorry for my inconvenience" 
bloddy people 
 I Recently Purchased a Lenovo A7000 mobile phone from flipkart. The product was not working properly. the audio system was very worst not able to hear the voice and automatically the audio was decreasing. while speaking in phone the receivers of a call were not able to hear the callers voice properly. 
there is no possibility to return the product. I never expected such a worst service from flipkart.  
I suggest all buyers not to buy this phone 
 ye mobile mat lo yar bht bekar hai mene purchase kiya isme heating problem hai restart hota hai or hang bhi bht or camera bht bekar hai iski 2 gb ram ka koi fayeda nhi dont buy this totaly money or time wate camera bht bekar hai color effect hi bht bekar hai. 
 FIRSTLY I RECEIVE MOBILE ON 17 ON THE SAME DAY CAMERA IS STOPPED WORKING . I CALL FLIPKART FOR RETURN & THEY RETURNED .SECOND TIME I RECEIVED LENOVO A7000 ON 19 WHEN I OPEN IT SCREEN IS NOT WORKING . MOBILE STARTS BUT DISPLAY IS NOT WORKING .THEN I AGAIN CALLED FLIPKART FIRSTLY THEY REJECTED TO RETURN MOBILE. THEN I WRITE SOME BAD COMMENTS AGAINST FLIPKART IN FB PAGE. THEN HE APPROVES THE RETURN.
I RECOMMEND NEVER TO BUY LENOVO (CHINESE) MOBILES. BAD EXPERIENCE WITH BOTH FLIPKART & LENOVO. 
 Correct me if I'm wrong but I always thought Lenovo had their name printed in the front right under the ear piece, but the one I got had their name written on the back. Could someone shed some light on this? 
Apart from the above, I actually have no gripe with the phone so far. 
 i got the phone in afternoon. i see all the features but i am not satisfied with all the features below.
1. sound quality and headphone are very low quality. there is not meaning of dolby atoms.
2. camera quality is very bed... means the visual photo its look like VGA camera only. they use very cheap quality of camera
i have requested for return this item back to flipkart.....hope they give good piece.
my advise for all buyers if you want this phone for camera and sound then please dont buy this gatiya quality phone any more..... 
one suggestion to flipkart also befor sale this type of item they have to use by self like trial for customer satisfaction...only you want to make money by saling this type of poor quality phone.
one more suggestion, in the cancelation of oerder there should be two option one is give new piece and one option for refund money back in respective account.
thanks 
 I am giving 1 stars only for the quick service of FlipKart.
No star for Lenovo,  
I am really very frustrated with the camera quality,  
Which is said to be 8MP but it is capturing photos like 2 MP camera with very poor quality for photos.  
Even my "Micromax Canvas Color 2" is taking great pic compare to this phone. 
I am completely unsatisfied and going to return this phone.  
Problems that I have faced:
1. Poor camera quality.
2. Heating issue while charging and using data.
3. Battery Backup : Not very less but also not up to the mark (according to 2900 mAh).  
They(Lenovo) should know that, 
It's our hard earned money that you are taking for your product, 
If we are paying you the full amount that you have costed for any product then its your duty give full quality for the same.   
 Though the specifications are great to read, there are major issues which the description does not clarify and you will be stuck with this phone: 
1. The expandable memory up to 32 GB is only for data storage, you will not be able to move any applications to data card so if you are using large applications, soon you will be out of memory space. 
2. The SIM card accepted in the second slot is ONLY 4G -LTE SIM card. Check with your service provider if they provide these types of SIM cards else you will be stuck with only one usable SIM card. 
Flipkart has conveniently decided to omit these two important items and you will be left with a phone that sounds great on specifications but not much use. 
Better options available at slightly higher prices. 
 My first review on something, I felt like investing sometime to help other customers like me. 
Being a musician i was excited to own a mobile which has dolby technology, so i brought a7k, Its awesome ! I am very happy with multimedia.  
Phone is very light 
Pros  
1. Best audio quality ever
2. Pretty fast
3. VVV lyt weight 
Cons 
1. one sim slot is 2g , but its fine with the price range.
2. No outer cover given by vendor except for screen guard 
 Flipkart : Excellent
Ordered on 15th and was delivered on 16th ( had taken 1 day delviery option Rs 90/-) 
Lenovo : Excellent
Looks good on hand, superb display quality.
Lolipop version , first impression is good.
Had screen protector also inside, though a small thing but feel good it has been taken care by Lenovo. 
 I bot it today but i dont kno hw it is bcoz iam at wrk & mob is received by mom at home, i'm just eagerly waiting to c my Lenova A7000.. (I Hope This Should Be OSM Phone) 
 The phone offers a lot of features with performance at a steep price but cant really do much if device gets heated up even on moderate usage.
Battery backup isn't up to the mark either. 
Have requested a replacement for now! 
Hoping that the issue is with piece only and not with the complete product or else it'll be a big fail. 
 everything is just awesome but the camera is big failure.... bought considering camera will be good as lenovo is a big brand name but disappointed to have it now... camera clerity is as of 2 mp...... lost money in it 
 got dis phone yesterday, blazing fast, no hanging prblm-
design- 5/5
display- 5/5
camera- 2.5/5 (disappointing)
heating- slight heating near the camera area while charging and when 3-4 apps are running in background!
battery backup- 5/5
the look is of a costly premium phone; the back covr feel cheap only when separated from phone's body otherwise a perfect fit and look!
can't get better dan dis in 9k
go for it! :)  
 just got the phone few hours back.. its better than lenovo A6000.. touch response is very nice.. color reproduction is excellent.. front camera is very nice.. but not happy with the primary camera.. 
 After 30 min of usage, burning smell is coming out from back. Battery is sticked with back panel and it doesn't come out and when i push it harder sound comes from back panel. 
If if this issue is not there then overall product is good acc to the price. If you are looking smartphone solely for camera then luk for other phone 
 today i got the Lenovo A7000 mobile from flipkart...performence is too good....but i disappointed with the cheap headphones included in the lenovo a7000 box pacage...on flipkart lenovo store Lenovo A7000 branding displayed with nice headphones wire & its jack but inthe box received cheapest ever headphones with lenovo brand tag...even up to 5000/-mobiles also i never seen this type of head phones which included in the box......previously i had seen these type of head phones in cheapest & too old mobiles like nokia (1100,6030........basic models)...this is the cheapest ever headphones which will down the brand value of lenovo .....plz remove the head phones or replace with best one in second sale onwards otherwise the brand value of LENOVO will surely damage 
 Screen do not respond while messages, 
screen goes blank while calling, 
Overheating, 
Voice quality is not good.  
 Got a mobile in second flash sale. My Reviews are as under
Pros.
1> Awesome Camera on both sides. Even Selfie more attaractive
2> Battery Runs Long lasting even using Internet or watching movies.
3> Young Look & dashing personality 
4> Scrren Resolution not that Bad.
5> CPU Perfomance , Ram Support fantastically 
6> Dolby Music with quality Headphones make an required effect. But not with the supplied one
7> Lenovo UI is so friendly & much more clear & dashing appearance. 
Pros
1> Supplied Headphones are cheap qulity. but Compromisable for the price of 8999 Rs.
No more Pros. 
After using this for a week I bought 2 more Lenovo a7000. 
Lenovo Rocks!!!! mobile Market got big Shock by Lenovo. 
Afcourse Value for money. Don't wait to go for it.  
 1) the power point on the phone is at the top of the phone which is really inconvenient for obvious reasons due to the heavy gauge ( like for 1000 watts wire) and Very short in length. adding to the woes, the power plug is having very small diameter which will be veyr losely fit in 99% of indian house old, including famous and high quality power sockets of wall or anywhere. this leaves us in a veyr precarious position that at any time the phone may stop charging due to this lose plug . its really irritating to find in the morning that it didnt cahrge all thru the night. it takes a lot fo skills to get this plug plugged in and not to move even slightly lest it gives electric sparks due to vibration. the plug should snugly fit per any international standards of electric safety which si not followed . the short wire length given adds to this as you can not keep this into any plug point except th eplug point is so near to a table or a floor. This charging plug entirely spoiled my experience with this phone. planning to buy an non lenovo plugs sold out side and see if this phone can survive the non lenovo prescribed charging units !!! The plug and wire should be immediately redesigned and supplied to the customers before any phone is sold next thanks 
 Totally Worst Product, Very Cheap quality & hangs many time, taking 6-7 hours for charging. 2nd sim not working nicely. Scrap product from Lenovo. Never buy sale product in first sale. 
 please dont buy this phone....made with cheaf material,ui is not good,internal applications are not good,camera clarity is not good comparing with a6000
in front there is no logo....it seems like a china mobile
its not easy to handle...
i m not willing to give a single star alsoooo  
Hi All, 
Delivery done by flipkart is too good as got the phone on next day of sale by 09:45 Hrs. 
Now as per my hand piece experience  
Cons 
After 10 Mins of taking the phone starts to heat up around the ear.  
There is no back light in the Menu bar (where the back key and Menu Key are) 
Back plastic is very cheap quality 
Power and volume buttons are fixed in the cover not in the phone  
Pros  
Light weight phone in this category as compare to MI and Yureka 
Android 5.0 version is good as compare to previous version  
Camera quality is good as you need to adjust the color correction to get the better quality pictures and Videos 
Battery back up is quite good as i user it for for a day with full charge and still it has around 60 % of battery life left.
It also charges the battery fast.  
It does not hang up on using multi-applications  
Overall nice phone in this price range as you can't compare this price range with higher price range phone as you are paying less and you will be getting less.  
 I was using Nexus 5 phone since last 10 months and somehow it fell in to the sea from my hands and after that it stopped working . It is not repairable any more. 
So after wasting 30K with in 10 months i was no longer willing to buy any costly phone atleast for next 1 year. So after going thru a long list of phones under 10K range,I found lenovo A7000 a complete phone which has alomst everything which i needed. P.S. As per the specifications of the phone. 
I was happy that i made it and could book a phone for myself before it went out of the stock.
I got delivery of my phone with in a day itself. People dont get so happy that you got delivery with in 24 hours. There is a reason behind that they dont want you to give chance to cancel the order so seems it was preplanned that they will deliver it next day early morning. 
Cons- Phone gets hanged very often
Camera quality is very bad.front and rear both.Its even worst than any VGA camera.
Phone gets warm very quickly.  
 If you are not looking for a good camera then you can go for this phone.  
I am disappointed that camera is not good at all.   
 Guys i see the phone is getting hug pretty much, so for 3 times it got hung for me while playing games like shadow fight, spiderman, flipkart agreed for replacement, but not sure if it issue with me handset or in this phone itself, but the battery backup looks good 
 I ordered A7000 yesterday and got it delivered by flipkart today morning 10am. :) 
Have been using the phone since morning. 
UI is smooth and phone is very light.
Display clarity and sun visibility are good.
No heating problems on wifi data usage. [ havent tested 4G]
Battery seems to last long , but it cant be concluded in a day usage.
Mobile sound quality is very good but the earphones are ok ok type. 
Big let down in this phone are its cameras 
5mp Font cam is good enough for selfies but the images are not sharper and look pixelated.
8mp primary cam is bad, it doesnt have the sharpness or clarity , images appear to be dull and pixalated even during evening light. 
Will update more after further usage. 
Overall its awesome, Except for the primary camera clarity.  
 Very impressive Flipkart service, ordered yesterday and delivered today morning!!!.  
Product: Lenovo A7000
Mobile looks impressive. 
Cons:
1. Camera not so good as per 8mp
2. It doesn't have Home page as such
3. Gorilla glass is missing
4. Mobile will be warm if we download or install big applications  
 I was surprised by its specs that Lenovo will launch some serious hardware stuffs with this entry level A series and its every penny worth it. i have used for two days now and the results are excellent. display quality is good, touch sensors really good, battery life quite better for this specs.,it should have good speaker they have only provided one speaker at the back but Dolby Atmos is superb if you are using premium headphones, stock headphone quality is not that good you have to buy good head phones to enjoy Dolby Atmos feature. storage is bit little because OS is using larger part of the ROM but APP to SD feature overcome this. Phone aesthetics is really good and light-weight but they should use good quality plastic for back cover its so delicate but still for this price range its a beast. i have not checked playing games on it but i think as per its specs it would run smoother. 
I would like to Recommend to buy this awesome Smartphone. 
 Yes This Phone is a Masterpiece as per the features and Price.
Here are few things I rated as per my Experience. 
Display :10/10
Sound in earphones(Not the one provided with the handset) : 10/10
Speaker Sound : Crystal and great. 9/10.
Ram Response : 7/10
Camera : Worst 3/10
Gaming Performance : 7/10 (Played Asphalt 8 Graphics are rendering properly without any lag)
Data I/O Operations :7/10
Internet Browsing : 9/10. Response is quick 
Bottom Line: Suitable for a person who's looking for playing Games, Music, Watching Movies etc.
Not a right Buy if you are looking for a good Camera. Also If camera had been great then 8999 is very less price for it.  
 Ordered the Phone on the sale day (15th Apr) and got it delivered next day around 11 in the morning. Flipkart's delivery is just mind blowing. Coming to the point, in this price (8999/-) the phone is a good deal, specially considering the type of hardware it houses. I am using the phone for 2 days now and here are the observations 
True Octa Core Processor makes the performance real smooth. I played couple f high end games (Asphalt, Edge of tomorrow, WRB) and it manages to pull it with pretty much decent speed and without any lag. However, while playing music (via double Twist) it had some lagging issue while i tried to perform some other app activities.  
The Screen is very good and the viewing angle is better than other HD screen on similar price segment. It feels crisper and lively on Full HD videos too (I played couple of episode of Sherlock series which is full HD). 
The battery is a big boon for the phone. It houses a good 2900mAh Li-Ion battery which is providing a decent a bit more than full day with 100 charge. I am using 1 airtel 4g and one Vodafone 2g sim with moderate calling and heavy internet usage. The phone does not seem to have any major heating issues as well and manages to keep itself cool even after a good 35 mins of continuous talking. 
The Size and shape matters a lot for any phone and fortunately even being a 5.5 inch phablet the phone is surprisingly lightweight and doesn't force you to change hands often while talking. Moreover it feels really lightweight on hand while using for surfing as well which is a pleasure. I have used both Note 2 and Micromax Doodle and its a pain to keep those phones in your ear for longer time. 
The build of the phone feels cheap and the back cover is just a petty plastic which, once taken in hand reveals the price cut down areas of the manufacturer. Once the back cover is opened, the phone reveals the battery slot and the SIM slots. One can also see the camera and the speakers. Just in between the camera and speakers there are 1 rectangular hole (opening) through which you can see parts of internal board. Now the back cover being so flimsy and loose to fit on the phone body, there is a great chance of water (specially in rain) slipping through that hole and do a obvious water damage if you do not take extreme precaution. 
The front camera is excellent and takes awesome selfies but the rear camera is a disappointment. It lacks both in exposures and lens quality. It has auto and manual focus but the manual focus doesn't do a good job. In app options are very limited and lacks some basic features like Burst Mode. Even after taking shot graphic / effect editing options are very basic. Lenovo, being a good brand in consumer electronics, could have done a little more hard work on this. 
The Biggest disappointment of the phone is the UI. Its disgusting to see how a latest Android Version has been ripped of its stock flavour and has been turned into something that does nothing but to make your eyes sore and fills your mind with annoyance. The custom lenovo UI (specially on the app drawer, well it separately doesnt have a app drawer too, its just all in the home screens) just sucks with white box type background under every app icon. The only wa to get rid of this I guess is to install a heavy 3rd party launcher which will eatup a massive amount of RAM and make the device slower. 
Overall, if you are looking for a budget smartphone which houses some serious hardware and delivers decent performance and if you are not too perky about a bit of UI issues, Lenovo A7000 is waiting to be in your hands. 
 I have been using this mobile for last two days. Here are the things, qualities and features that I have found Good or Bad:
Good:
1. Overall Design
2. Very Lightweight
3. Awesome Display
4. Dolby Atmos
5. Performance (Even after playing games and surfing internet for more than 6 hours it didn't show any slowness.
6. Battery (Awesome battery life and no heating at all, only thing it takes a lot of time to fully charge)
7 Android Lolipop.. The best OS 
Bad:
1. Accessories Quality (Be it Headphones, Charger Or Screenguard)
2. Camera Quality (It definitely doesn't seem like capturing 8MP pics or 5MP from front) 
Rest everything is Awesome. 
 i received this mobile today and got headphone sound is very low. i tried to change setting but no effect. much disappoint.... 
Please every one before using this mobile, check headphone quality.
Lenovo is kidding and try to destroy its prestige.
can anyone imagine "Dolby Atmos" with single speaker and speaker is also at the back side. with headphone it become like nokia 1100 sound.(low volume with Dolby Atmos on) 
now from 17th to 23rd of this month (7 days) , no response from flipkart about problem or replacement. its wastage of time and money with flipkart. 
 This phone gets heated up when in normal condition and when kept in a pocket . Since i used frequently i was severely getting a headache and its affecting my brain . Its SAR value is very high when compared to other mobile . Now i have changed the mobile and felling good . 
 Recieved this product on 29th june 2015. Writing review on 6th july 2015. Count the time. I am waiting to give an Honest review for the enthusiastpeople willing to buy this product. 
1. I have seen all kind of reviews and videos about the Bad Camera Quality. But after using it i dont know why the people give absolutely false reviews. you can compare the camera quality with 3mp of micromax or other phones. Truly the bad thing in camera is, when you zoom too much you can see the hazyness. but in normal view its awesome. 
2. I have seen that Dolby Atmos not working. Its true. But the default music app and equalizer is enough.
3. internal memory is quite small. 3gb+ usable. After buying 16gb memory card,you forgot about the phone memory.
4.Front camera is Okkkk...nice....
5.Touch interface is better than redmi,canvas,etc.
6.Headphone in the box is cheaper but loud.
7.For 2gb RAM any kind of games,hd videos playing without lagging.
Thats it....Dont think tooooooo much......its really great experience........ 
 i have been using the product for one month now.... and the period of usage has been splendid and the level of satisfaction is very good...the gaming performance is very good and lag free even at high graphics games like asphalt 8 goes on butter smooth and there might be a little heating issue with u can resolve by clearing app and offing wifi...... Many additional feature are awesome!!!!a must buy phone NO OTHER PHONE IN TIS PRICE RANGE IS GOOD ENOUGH TO BEAT TIS MONSTER!!!!!! 
 The phone is not so good as mentioned in the specifications.8 MP Camera clarity is very low. Sound system Dobly Atom is nothing, its just like a graphics. Ear phones are very big, we cant put in our ears. Totally I am unhappy with this product. Apart from this there is no return policy for his product only flipkart will exchange the product if product received in any damaged condition or any production issue. But every where flipkart mention that easy return. 
When we call to the flipkart for return the product they says that product cant be returned only exchanged with same product. I will not going to buy any product from online in future. Because we dont know the product performance before buying. Better know the performance of the product before buying through online. For me this is my last product and I recommend my friends to buy in the open market or stores better than this online. 
 I bought two Lenovo A7000 phone last month if i have to rate this phone out of 5 scale
Camera : 3
Official Purpose : 4 ( Mails/ Microsoft Exchange
Social : 5 ( for using Whats App/ facebook/ twitter)
Screen Display : 4.5
Gaming : 2 ( Phone restarts itself after heating up not at all good) 
Yes if u r looking for a phone for Purposes Like Mails/Facebook/ Whats App/ Normal Games then just GO FOR IT. Because it has a very good Multitasking features which are good enough & works very well without any problem. 
When It comes to Gaming this is the worst phone ever with 2GB Ram & Octa Core processor because it heats up like anything, Hangs a lot while playing Asphalt, & sometimes restarts itself while playing. 
 ITS NOT GOOD AND FRIENDLY USER.....WASTE BUT ONE THING FLIPKART IS RESPONSIBLE ALL THOSE THINGS......HOW DARE THIS PRODUCT IS LAUNCHED....  
 This phone is too bad for the price. Don't ever buy it. Too mediocre software just like any other lenovo thing. 
 2 GB RAM is a joke.. we can see 2 GB Ram ... but can't feel it.... octa core ---same joke..... running very very very slow............. wats app me ku6 jyada download kar dia to wats app crash....kya he ye yar....... 
Missing My MOTO G 
 Hi
 I got this phone 5 days back. 
 Rear & front camera quality is very bad.
 If you like to takes snaps on mobile, please avoid this phone 
 Headphones quality is very cheap and volume is very bad
Good is...... Phone processing speed, RAM and display are good 
 Its total waste of money. 
PRONS
1) Enough memory for alive Apps. more than 750 MB free with basic use (WhatspApp, FaceBook, Camera, SMS, phone, Gallery)
2) Good for First time buyers 
1) Worst Sound u can hear in. IT claims Dolby Surround Sound. It doesn't even comparable with even basic phones. Basic phones have louder sound. Forget about the Dolby clarity. 
2) It has Heating issue
3) Compared to Redme; Apps are total waste.
4) Resolution is crappy
5) Videos are pixelating
6) Takes more than 2.5 hours for charging to 100.
7) Build quality is poor
8) If you liked build quality of MI phones, u will regret buying A7000. 
Verdict: Its just a cheap marketing. All Phone sold in Flash Sells are found to be defective. Be it MI phones (Heating issues), Lenovo (Quality issues) 
 Product performance is very reliable and smooth like butter flow,No lags.
very handy because of less weight. 
No gorilla glass protection,so less protection of screen.You can resolve easily this problem by 
placing good Tamped screen guard/protector."It is strongly recommended" 
Notification light also do its work. 
I have buy this phone n first sale from day 1st till today no issue
disply-5/5
battery-4.5/5
dolby atmos-4.5/5 
somebody told in reviews sound not in high,because he gives only flat equalizer u should configure your own,its better u have dolby featured lenovo laptop then u can easily configure equalizer,if no u can configure according to ur taste of sound.
honestly dolby atmos rocks if u have good headset/earphones. 
Finally lenovo rewrites history in smartphones in Budget 
 cons
worst mobile
both front and back camera is very bad
heating issue upto 55 degree 
pros
awesum performance
awesum battry life
good screen 
awesum audio over headfone  
 IT'S A HUGE PHONE FOR THIS PRISE,  
GOOD PERFOMANCE, APPEARANCE , AND DISPLAY 
GOOD BATTERY BACK UP 
SOUND IS CRYSTAL CLEAR. 
FEATHER WEIGHT, weight is like a paper. 
CAMERA IS PRETTY GOOD. 
DOLBY ATMOS IS AWESOME. 
 1. 8 gb cannot install many apps, it would have been 16gb like yureka
2. ring tone volume is very less
3. looks big 
Avg phone  
 I ordered one lenova a7000 Mobile on 29th April on flash sales, right now materials not delivered. now a days looting flipkart executives.i tried flipkart customer care executives they also not give proper solutions. 
 WELL FINALLY I RECEIVED LENOVO A7000 WITHIN 24 HRS, IT WOULD BE APPRECIATED TO FLIPKART SERVICE. 
 APART FROM THIS I USED LENOVO A7000 FOR 6 HRS AND I FOUND IT WAS A GREAT DEVICE IN THE RANGE OF RS 8999/=. DEVICE PERFORMANCE IS GOOD THE BEST THING IMPRESS ME IS THAT SOUND QUALITY.......LOVE IT DOLBY ATMOS. 
BUT DRAWBACK OF THIS PHONE IS CAMERA, CAMERA IS NOT THAT TO CLEAR, IT IS ON ALL AVERAGE.  
I AM HAPPY TO USE LENOVO A7000 AND DEVICE WAS SATISFIED ME. 
THANK YOU LENOVO & FLIPKART. 
 best cell phone in current scenario 200% value for money product. Got delivery in 28hours after ordering. 
 camera is too worst compare to A6000. its not 8 mp no clarity and even in selfie also. selfie also not good. i m using moto g 2nd generation its front camera 2mp but A7000 5 mp but no clarity. I am highly disappointed on this product. 
 this mobile is awsome with great fetures like octa-core and 3 gb of ram
it's also has grat front facing camera wich takes very pretty pics. 
 - Cameras front and Back are worst. This is the main problem
- Back cover is very cheap
- Size is big not comfortable to keep in pocket
- Battery is hard to remove 
 the rear camera of my handset i displaying GREEN COLORED PHOTOS!!!....can anybody help
the set i really light weight
good front camera
not so good speakers
some lag preent  
 Never thought of having this crap quality earphones in my ears. But now it is with me. Threw away immediately. 
Edit-- After using for 18 days I am adding my experience. 
1. Battery drains like hell. Lasts1 full day anyway. 
2. You can't restore your previous phone messages because Lenovo is so supreme that it denies any other backup format than its own .db format that is nowhere else to be found. So you lose all messages. 
3. No instant messages---You can't use apps like whatsapp or fb or messenger well because lenovo will refresh messages only when you open up the app manually. 
4. Play services crash every now and then. 
5. well every one has said all about rear camera. But is decent. 
6. There is nothing like DOLBY ATMOS as you will hardly get any decent output. 
7. Heats up so much that you won't complete your phone call well. 
8. If you access any VOIP service websites like I use for placing phone calls through google chrome, you won't hear voices. They are scrambled in Lenovo world. 
 after use of 2days my exprience about this phone is.......
1-the camera of this phone is very bad front and rear both.
2-the phone in heatting problem also
3-battery is very bad 
4-sound quality is also not goog.
5-over all total waste of money 
 Worst camera -- I am returning this shit Worse than a VGA Rest all seems good, do not wana compromise this 
 Hi ,
I have purchased this lenovo a7000 mobile as a gift to my wife, just to upgrade her mot e (bought on first day sale from flipkart). I got the mobile in couple of days. My wife was happy when seeing the mobile. She just tried some voice calls and normal things, it seems nice. The problem is comes when try to using hangout , viber or skype any VOIP calling app to call someone, The phone is not working and other person is not able to hear properly. Which shows the phone is not good capacity. The same voice calling apps which are working perfect in her moto e is not working same in this phone. I have raised a return request to flipkart. I hope, this problem is with my phone only. I request who ever bought this phone to try the audio and video calling application and update your reviews. 
Thanks, 
 phone is really good.. but had the heating problem.. while playing games n using net the phone heats more n more which makes us scary.. battery back was awesome with 2900 amphs battery.. since the 2GB givies nice perfomance the phone was not hanging.. but only the problem with it is HEATING.. HEATING....... n HEATING............ 
 Pros:
Premium features at affordable price
Upto 32GB OTG supported
UI is user friendly
Lots of user controllable settings built over Android
2GB RAM is a lot more than needed for regular use. Always see 500-600MB free! 
Cons:
Signal dropping has been a serious issue
Heats up to little extent during 3G data usage & gaming
Battery Could have been bigger - Drains within a day of normal usage - No fast charging available
Dolby Atmos is good but setting equalizer is little painful - Not many presets to play around
Both back & front glass attract fingerprints & at longer usage could get slippery 
No lights on buttons is a bad thing
Micro sims fits in loosely & might end up with "NO Sim Card" often
No 3G on 2nd sim 
Very bad Rear Camera & decent Front camera  
 As usual very good service In getting the phone delivered on time by Flipkart. Keep up the good work. My first Flash sale BUY!!
Review for phone.
Pros:
You need to buy this phone with the latest Dolby Atmos technology, if you are a music listener then you are going to get blown away with dolby atmos on (provided you have a better head phones.. not the one out of the box.)
The UI is very good no lagging, responds perfectly
Light weight
Liked the tap to turn on screen very much as when I need to check my phone next to my desk I dont need to press the power button and unlock the phone.
I have a Nexus 5, I dont see much difference in terms of performance. 
Other Features is all over this Review page that you can review
OTG support
LTE/4G 
Cons:
I played Modern combat 5 and at times the latency of the graphics drops down..maybe the gpu cant handle this game as its a HD game,,approx. 1 gb At times the game crashed not sure whether ram issue ,gpu or storage issue but no isues played on N5
Primary camera is okay not that great
No gorilla glass, you need to be careful!!!  
 Excellent Phone .... 
1. Great Display
2. Slim
3. Looks Good
4. Music quality good(Volume is slightly less as compared to other phones) 
awesome..... 
 order it. dont think what anybody says. I have heard from most of the people that lenovo is not a gud brand, but somehow i ordered it. go for it. nothing could be like this in such a low price. i used it for a day continuosly. no heating, no lagging, nothing. It is really a very gud phone in such a low price. Its design is cool. Phone looks so beautiful.. Dont listen anyone just go for it.. 
 Its a Bomb!!! Means the fone is really amazing in its graphics, Features ...overall amazing
worthing taking it without any second thought 
 Dear friends, if you are looking good camera as one of feature in this mobile, then surely you will get disappointed as I am. Camera quality is not very good. Sound is OK. Touch is very good. Rest feature wise, in this price range, this phone is best. My request to Lenovo is that please look into camera quality. You can charge some more bucks for the same but if we believe you then fulfill our expectations. 
My sincere thanks to Flipkart for superb delivery within promise time. Keep it up. 
 i received the phone today.Its display is awesome and works with no lag.super response on touch.good looking design.only drawback for this i felt is 
-lack of notification led
-no backlight for navigation keys
 i recommend you to buy(worth for 9k) 
 Review after 2 day use 
Everything is perfect except... 
Cons : 
Rear cam is not 8 MP
battery is bit hard to remove
Headphone quality is not up to the mark
Vibe UI, stock Android would have been better. 
 Its a best buy phone for me...
@ 9000 you are getting too good smartphone
Dolby Atmos is really awesome ....
pros:
1.Dolby Atmos(very very important)
2.light weight
3.4g support
4.big battery
5.comes with lolipop
6.camera is 8mp but gives very good picture quality
believe me @ 9000 you are getting too good features
the main feature is Dolby Atmos thats really awesome
i tested that with normal headphones and it works fine
cons:
1.back panel is very thin 
2.8gb internal memory 
 Display - 9/10 (A bit saturated)
Speed - 10/10 (faced a bit of minor lag,1 or 2 times,but then it boosted up)
Gaming Performnace - 10/10 (though its heats up a little)
Antutu Benchmark - 42425 (Best in its class)
Battery Life - 8/10 (Lasts 1 day on high usage,1.5 on normal)
Camera - 4/10 (Photo clarity is good in low range but in most cases it sucks)
Accessories - 5/10 (The earphone is OKish type with low volume) 
Dolby Atmos effect can be felt only with a good pair of earphones.If you want speed and performance,just go for it...  
 Very Sad,
Camera performance very poor... equal to 2MP,
Take too many time to charge.
called the flipkart care to resolve the issue.
So waiting or the same. 
 When I unpacked the mobile form the box, everything was working good. But after 5 minutes there were system crash 2 or 3 times. And after that the touch became insensitive completely out of order. I am waiting for a replacement now from Flipkart. 
 PROS  
1. best display
2. Slim and weight less easy to handle but slippery
3. Awesome music quality but volume is low 
4. no lag 
5. 2gb ram and octo processer 
CONS 
1. VOLUME IS LOW 
2. HEATING AT THE TOP OF MOBILE WHERE SPEAKER LIES AFTER 30 MIN USAGE 
3 CAMERA QUALITY NOT UPTO MARK feels like 2mp 
4. CHARGING TIME IS HIGH 
5. 8GB STORAGE AND ONLY 3.2 GB AVAILABLE FOR APPS 
 Yes, its an awesome phone. 
But, the story starts when u try to remove the battery. Its Blocked. 
I'm not able to remove the battery, once inserted. 
Have given for replacement. 
 My first non samsung phone and I regret buying just because it has the worst camera I have ever seen on any phone in that price range. Worst than 2MP. Everything else is looks good. If you are looking for a decent camera buy something else and don't waste your money on this one. 
 Not only getting hanged but also camera is not getting connect, god knows what is the issue. Strongly believe that Flipkart should stop selling these items and stop making fool it customers. 
 i had bought this stupid thing on april 15 with high expectation and got it on april 17 till may 1st it was working average but afterwards on may 2nd i got up from the bed and checked the phone but it was not restarting and i thought that it may run out of charge and kept for a charge of 1 hour after that i checked the phone it was not restarting.usually the phone while charging would show a red light this time when i charged the phone did not show any red light by this i can say that the phone is completely dead and can be thrown away,,,, so please guys never ever buy low budget phones of lenovo 
 mobile is very good . speed is fast but both camera is very poor.
his clame 8 and 5 mega pixal but as look only 3 and 1.3 mega pixal. 
 this is 3rd class mobile don't buy this product because this phone camera is very bed 
plz buy yu yureka  
My rating is 
 Average Product....  
I'll begin with its CONS:
1. Camera quality is Worst
2. Cheap Roadside Headsets Provided
3. Build quality of the Phone is below average
4. No Gorilla Corning Glass protection
5. No backlit buttons
6. User Interface not so good (Although its everyones own preferences)
7. Battery life not so impressive for Media lovers 
Pros:
1. Fast & Responsive
2. Good Big screen
3. Clear HD screen with good viewing angles 
Average:
1. Sound is ok (On my JBL headsets, Sound was good).
2. Only 8GB ROM (out of which only around 4GB is available for users) 
So overall i would say, Features and Specifications are Amazing and the phone does perform well and fast. But there are too many drawbacks in the phone due to the price maybe.   
 excellent performance , 
I was never purchase a phone beyond samsung ,sony or nokia but when i got this phone feel it is awesome phone in all field except camera but what u r excepting in 8999 . In same price its a must have deal ... satisfied after gifting it to my brother.......8.5/10 rating from me 
 I bought this mobile on the first flash sale (15th April) but received very next day (16th April). 
After Using couple of days I personally feel that this is not up to the standards. 
Cons: 
--------- 
-> The biggest drawback is SAR value. As per the Lenovo website its around 1.26 W/kg at head but I'll be more than that (You will feel while speaking on mobile). But in the specification documents received along with the product mentioned as 1.466 W/kg. I have already had a talk with customer care and sent email along with screenshots.
-> Not a good Quality mobile in terms of material used to built. But look and feel is rich. 
-> Back Panel is made with very cheap quality ( Like China Mobiles) 
-> Primary Camera (8 MP) is not producing 8 MP quality images. worse than 5 MP. 
-> Front Camera (5 MP) better than rear camera but not up to the mark 
-> Mobile is heating like Sun while charging, Playing Games and for 5 mins casual use. 
-> Mobile is hanging frequently while playing games (Spider Man, Modern Combat) 
-> Earphones cost won't be more than Rs. 100/- 
-> Dolby system is a Marketing Gimmick 
-> When Play music without ear piece or put the call in loud speaker mode, back part is vibrating  
Pros: 
-------- 
-> Stylish Look, thin and weight less 
-> 2 GB RAM, 1.5 GHz 64-bit Octa Core Processor 
-> Good UI, crisp display 
-> LED indicator for notifications 
-> Inbuilt Super Power battery saver option. 
-> Battery(2900 mAh) is Moderate 
-> Android Lollipop is another attractive feature  
Finally I would not recommend a friend to buy this. Better to go for alternative at this price. 
Thanking You Guys. 
 1.VERY POOR QUALITY CAMERA BOTH FRONT AND BACK COMAPARE TO  
2.HEATING ISSUE MAJOR 
3.mike problem  
4.charge reduce contionously  
5.back panel very wrost design  
 this nice phone in 10k budget. fist login took 1 hr to complete, processor heat up , even i could not keep the phone near to my ear during that time.even i thought i will return it .but after full charge every thing become normal. with email, whatsapp,facebook,call, other data battery will last for 1 day. 
after 1 month use i want to change the rating to 5 start. it is awesome phone. only cons ,it heatup in long call and high speed games due to octacore processor.it is just behind your ears. 
 Phone is Very good and has an appeal to it.first impression is its feather lite.never feely bulky..Display is good.Octa core Processor handles easily the stuffs and performance is par with high end phones.Apps open super fast,until now no lag occured while using any of the application. One best thing is no need of an clean master app. Automatically clears the opened apps. Camera is ok for the price.Dolby atmos is amazing and is the only USP of the phone.
Even Normal audio sounds good on this phone.Overall a nice handset but would have desired 16 gigs of storage with 13mp shooter. 
 very poor performance of back camera, and front is average or above average...
back cover panel is made from cheap plastic... this could be better if they tried...
accessories are found too cheap... 
Dolby atoms doesnt worked in sony extra bass headphones... its performance on earphone is ot that much good.... 
other things are too good in this price segment... 
 Have been using the phone for around half a day now..
Pro: 
The display is pretty good,the colours look good,not oversaturated..
Haven't experienced lags of any kind,even when multiple apps are running at the same time.
The vibe UI looks pretty good at the onset.
Cons:
The back panel is cheap and plasticy,(you might want a nice back cover)
Audio quality is not going to blow you away..( i found it to be average)
You might miss the app drawer.
No gorilla glass,though you get a screen protector in the box 
Overall, a very good buy, actually a steal at this price.. 
 I am just not happy flipkart
This is my first mobile on flipkart and tat too defect piece. 
Touch not working ..nothing work 
Hope they replace in a day  
 on 16th Apr.2015 I have received the hand set but when I trying to call My voice not hear to opposite person.I launch the complaint regarding the same.
Flipkart I request to you please resolve ASAP & replace device early. 
I didnt get the solution After 2 days of register complete.Only got the message that we are apologies for not being able to get in touch with you.
They Just drop same message from 2 days.
the worst after sales service by FLIPKART if u got the defective piece. 
Only waiting & waiting. 
 Got my Lenovo A7000 today. Much before the target date, thanks Flipkart!
About the phone... 
Pros:
1) Colors good
2) Speed too good
3) Battery yet to be tested - still waiting for full discharge
4) Loud Speakers ok
5) Photos good
6) Sound clarity (phone) good, mic good
7) Very easy to setup - was ready in a few mins
8) Screen guard is included
9) Soft button for stack up of all running apps - good 
Cons:
1) The buttons on the side feel cheap
2) Cheap thin plastic back cover (very dissappointed, not from you Lenovo?!)
2) No Gorilla glass (you should have, even YU provides it) 
Overall, go for it! Value for money.  
 pros:
1- Android 5.0 is awsm OS.
2- Nice UI from lenovo,
3- Sound quality is good.
4- 5.5 inch screen gives you awsm movie experience.
cons:
1- headset is too much bad.. it looks like local street headphones.
2- 13mp Camera is low quality.. needs improvement on it.
3-front camera is not up to mark.
4- 2 GB RAM not enough if you provide lollipop . It show only 1gb ram left with default app.
 OVERALL IT IS NICE PHONE IN THE RANG OF 9000. 
 firstly 5 star to flipcart for delivery amazing shopping experience.
device A7000 look good from edges & light weight also. hardware is good.camera not good but ok. back panel are very low quality and also earphone is to bad.phone consume 1gb ram always for preloaded apps and free only 1gb.if u want good hardware and look so go ahead and buy now. 
 Except accessories(mainly headphone), i was satisfied. You can go for that if you don't want to buy Yu Yureka. 
 Feel free to go through my short review 
Display : 8/10 : Surprisingly bright.Auto brightness sensor works well. Its just an HD screen with 267 PPI, but the colours are sharp and vivid.  
Camera : 7/10 : Great quality photos when the lighting is ample. A bit noisy when taken inside on low light.Front cam with  
Audio : 8/10 : Loud speaker is not too loud but it does the job. The much advertised DOLBY ATMOS have great potential in the audio market. Not able to get any ATMOS encoded audio files. Atmos encoded Videos sounds good though. Will have to test this feature on higher quality earphones. NB: The earphones provided with the phone is cheap and plasticky. 
Video 8/10 : Display is bright and vivid. Colours really stand out and watching the video is a pleasure. Able to play 1080p videos without any lag. 
Multitasking : 9/10 : Around 1 GB of ram is free for your use rest is allocated for the system process. Lollipop with Vibe UI have great memory management.
Got Antutu Score of 43181 thats amazing. 
Battery : Haven't tested a lot. But looks like battery will last a day with ease with moderate-heavy use. 
Call Quality 8/10 : Volume is a little bit on the lower side. Nothing to be concerned of. 
Gaming : Will have to test. Tried stick cricket 2. Played without any lags. The GPU is powerful enough to play demanding games I am sure. 
Overall : 8/10 : Best phone under 10K range.The best budget phone with great dimensions. Weighing 140 g you wont feel like holding a 5.5 inch phone. VIbe Ui is refreshing and butter smooth like in iOS devices. Little features like double tap to wake.gesture control etc adds to the value of this device. 
Now for some cons:
- Back,home and multitasking buttons are not backlit, but you cant ask more for 9k.
- Lot of bloatwares included. Just 3.5 GB internal memory. Lenovo should've provided a 16 gig memory like in the newly announced A6000+
- And the BIGGEST CON of all and its the one overlooked by 99% reviewers. THE SAR Values.1.46 for the head and 1.1 for the body. These values are pretty high ( the EU SAR limit is 1.60) . Why Lenovo why? And FLIPKART stop putting incorrect values for A7000 in your page. Some people may find this a serious issue ( 0.9 and 1.1 is listed in FLipkart site)  
 Got defective piece. 
1.UI is Good
2.Camera quality is average for both front and rear one. 
3.Sound is good.
4.Battery back is awesome. 
 Overall the mob s tooo gud.. but the rear camera s not gud and also i cant able to put conference call.. 
 Charger is defevtive. Stuck at booting for around 20 minutes. Was very much interested am returning it now. 
 dear all let me tell u phone is superb performance wise but it has poorest sound quality in headfone and even we cant hear properly the songs  
dolby atmos has nothing to do with sound qualiry as you wouldnt like sound in headfone too low and lowest quality headphone given 
 A7000 Rear Camera is very poor 
But Front Camera is Very Good......... 
Other things are Good, Only for rear camera performance I would say it very much below 8 MP, where as front camera is taking pic better that rear one. 
 Poor Camera Quality - Mind it..."POOR" not even decent. 
Poor Quality Headsets - At 9000 we deserve a better quality headsets...dont we? 
*********************************************************************************************** 
If you can keep the above two cons apart.......The phone is Nice. 
 I have purchased the mobile on 15.04.2015 and received the mobile on 17.04.2015. The mobile is mobile hardware performance is excellent. Quality battery, Excellent Display, Superfast operation in mobile.
But Im very dissatisfied with the headphone sound quality. Sound of headphone is not up to the mark as per other features in the mobile. It is better to say that the headphone is not good at all. I would like to request Llipkart and Lenovo to provide me a good quality headphone.  
 I have oredred a Lenovo A7000 Mobile from flipkart from its first Flash sale on 15.04.2015, I purchased it on 1 day delivery, on 16.04.2015 i got the product.
When i switch on it, i found that this product is faulty, there are lines on its screen. 
Flipkart delivered a faulty product to me. 
 mobile is charging too slow ( means 10% charging in 1 hour ),
i have called for replacement,
camera is also average, 
 The lock screen has contact and camera icon which i opened and found a lag of 3-4 seconds, rest i have to see.. not checked further yet! 
 I received the phone yesterday. Delivery from Flipkart was good. But the phone is not upto my expectation. The back cover is very thin and seems to be made of low quality plastic. 
The display is also not good, the colour saturation is too high. The icons on the screen are not so good( I have used Samsung before and the icons look really classy there). I had expected a very good sound quality but the headphones provided also seems to be very cheap and doesn't fit well to ears. The volume is also very low when using headphone. 
Pros:
1)The battery backup is good
2) Light weight. 
Cons: 
1) Poor plastic build up.
2) Screen colour is too saturated
3) Sound is too low when using headphone
4) Camera quality is not good, grainy images in low light.
5) Headphone provided is too cheap. 
I am thinking of replacing the phone just after one day of receiving it :(  
 I am bit surprised when I saw that security APP (given in Lenovo A6000) is missing in Lenovo A7000. Now I am not able to lock/protect my SMS. Even secure zone don't serve the purpose.   
How can I download new themes and wallpapers? Its very easy in Xiaomi. 
 Lots of heating during charging as well as using to watch videos 
 Awesome product for this price BT internal is little. Bit minus go for it 
 I was using the phone since 1 year the phone is capable to use and it's ram was so fast we can get nice selfi with this phone 
But there is one problem after the usage of 2 months touch screen is damaged 
But no problem with it because guarantee was present 
Hence this is the best phone with low price 
 Not that much good phone have serious software issues and screen issues 
 it is a value for money product. all the apps run very smoothly due to 2 GB RAM present in this mobile. screen is also very smooth which helps in smooth operation. 
 BEST MOBILE IN BEST PRICE. AT THE TIME OF LAUNCH NO MOBILE FACE THIS MOBILE. SO I BOUGHT THEM.AND SATISFIED WITH THEM ALSO WITH SERVICES OF FLIPKART 
 Not good,this the worst mobile in smart mobile phones, because front camera is very bad compare with other mobile companies, i.e I am giving only one star for this product 
 using this for about a year now 
got the marshmallow update its working even more smooth 
camera uality has been upgraded and morover gameplay has changed bigtime
if ur a gamer this is a phone to go for 
 Awesome camera super battery backup and light weight low priceeeee good product i suggested to my friends go for lenovo a7000....they have also bought this model of lenovo.. Thank you 
 i have used the product for over a year, and at 8999/- i found it to a wonderful product.
it certainly isn't a beast but it does does the job pretty well. 
1. Great Design, unbelievably light.feels very good in the hand and has a good ergonomic build- offers decent personalisation too.
2. sturdy- i must have dropped it 1000 times , yet nothing happened- minimal scratches though.
3. an average battery life- deteriorates with time tough- after 6-7 months it performs at 70% of its original life .
4. Sound- average on the speaker, massively soothing on a good earpiece. the Dolby difference can be felt in the earpiece , if you have a good one.
5. camera - average, front camera is good for taking selfies, lacks detail.
6. no major heating - another big plus.
7. does lag at times, does hang occasionally.nothing alarming though.  
i feel its a good phone for someone who essentially uses the phone for normal to moderate use.
if you are too specific about games and cameras - a no no. if u love music- yes.   
 Best budget phone under 10000. Only drawback is that the lenovo vibe UI. 
 Excellent mobile with reasonable price..Lenevo has emerged in the market with good product... but poor customer support.. 
 Nice product battery still more better and display too.. 
Rate was compared to little low.. Selling handset not a successful version 
 Good mobile low sound but after many days its battery backup is lowGood mobile low sound but after many days its battery backup is low 
 Excellent performance lenovoa7000.I was buying one year ahead .now good working 
 The phone was full of features and really loved it in the beginning. But soon the touch screen started becoming unresponsive. First it was few touch points, soon the area grew and finally the whole touch screen became unresponsive. Heard from few other friends they also faced the same. Very disappointing when a famous brand like Lenovo provides poor hardware like this. Thanks to flipkart exchange offers I exchanged my piece for Asus Zenfone. 
 A must buy budget phone.
Pros:
Good display
Good battery backup 
 It's good.g good camera good battery backup in economical budget 
 Best for money.A good phone from lenovo.can play high end games. 
 Good product no issues with the device. Good battery. Good camera except in low light. Dual sim works well. No lag or hang issues. Overall good product at this price range. 
 The phone is very nice & get good, I wrote this review after using 1+ year. 
 Do not buy any lenovo mobile.
Worst service
And not working properly.
It's life time is only 1 yrs.
After this you will face a lot of problems. 
 Just OK in this price bracket.. nothing great, touch screen started giving trouble after 3 months 
 Value for good and affordable but bcoz of 8gb inbuilt memory you have some space problems 
 Very good product i loved it best price and good features really good 
 1: hanging problem
2: os auto reboot
3: when i open the internet not able to use the mobile till 2 min if i use the mobile it completely hang .  
 Again one more phone with best performance in budget price. Suggest to buy if you want a budget smart phone with good performance and nice camera 
 Very nice product in that price range. Happy with the overall experience 
 Awesome. Mobile. 
Nice camera
Good battery backup
Ram also good 
 Leanavo a7000 is good phone according to budget. Battery backup is also good.
I can say overall this phone worth with price. 
 Performance of the phone is good.
Camera is not good captures grainy images in low light
Screen viweing angles are not good and the quality is sub par
Music experience was good 
Phone is loaded withtoo much bloatware
Battery life was awesome can pass your day with heavy usage on a single charge 
 Nice phone best in class in this price tag very nice phone camera is average but good   
 Good phone. 
Phone specs are awesome.
It has Octa Core ARM Cortex A-53 clocked at 1.50 GHz along with Mali T760 GPU.
Got an OTA update of 92 MB as soon as I received this phone (May be some bug fixes).
Available storage is 3.5 GB (approx.)
Battery temperature is between 30-35 degrees in normal usage. Will test how much it heat up while gaming. 
 It's awesome... No issue so far...using form 13 months...no problem no worries 
 Good mobile low sound but after many days its battery is draining fast 
 This smartphone is very good and very slim
It I a dual sim plus dual camera 
 Good phone. Best product. I am using 4 months there is no problem. No hanging problem. Any apps and any game can run. 
 The phone was full of features and really loved it in the beginning. But soon the touch screen started becoming unresponsive. First it was few touch points, soon the area grew and finally the whole touch screen became unresponsive. Heard from few other friends they also faced the same. Very disappointing when a famous brand like Lenovo provides poor hardware like this. Thanks to flipkart exchange offers I exchanged my piece for Asus Zenfone. 
 Costly... Day by day performance get slower.. dont go for lenovo not good quality wise touch wise.. total rating 2 for 5 
 Using it since 9-10 months approx. A good one with value of money. Lenevo is performing well in this segment.
Even suggested to friends too. 
 Hi Guys, 
I bought Mobile on 5 May , but from inception it seems problem with Touch and Sound is also not high ,if u want to play. It is LOW 
Later i faced problem with Attached Headphone and Microphone. 
But they did replace only Touch and told me Headphone is Fine , But Still Headphone is no longer Working. VERY VERY Poor Service of Mobile. Not even Proper Solution Under Warranty Period. 
Better Advice Not to buy this mobile , What is the Use of Mobile if it wont provide you Basic Service like Calling...
Apart from this Mobile Performance is good in terms of App .
Camera Quality.Battery Back up
In Every Product Of Lenevo Mobile it seems Fault is present. 
 I have been using this phone for more than one year.it seems to be ok ok phone. Display problem is there, camera features aren't upto the mark, hanging and heating issues are there. 
 Guys ,
I have purchased LENOVO A7000 mobile phone last year and faced multiple issue with it.
I had visited twice service center in pune within a year.
Its having severe heating issue while charging , using GPS , using LTE 4G.
Also there is display issue and sound/headphone jack issue. 
I like only one thing about this mobile its Front Camera which is 5MP. 
Recently when i visited LENOVO service center in pune some around 20 people standing in the queue holding with LENOVO a7000 mobile and having same issue which i have mentioned above. 
Honest Advice don't go for it. 
 It has wifi access problems. Invariably if you do custom restore of original system software (firmware update), you get into problems like iemi getting corrupted leading to phone operation non functional. Secondly there is a possibility of getting nvrrom error in the wifi network causing the wifi data connection gets slowed down. To over come this error you have to root the device and remove the files causing nvrrom error. For iemi, you have to root the device and iemi write the original iemi no.
Only because these attended problems the a7000 does not qualify as a quality mobile. 
 Good phone at this price range .
But the internal memory is only 8GB.
If you have a budget constrains then go for this phone or else increase your budget and go for at least 16GB internal memory others Lenovo phones. 
 too good fone to have in my bag.. sound god,dispaly great.. speed as hell.. no logs..no bejar. no tension.. 
 1st Lenovo a7000 purchase at flipkart issue is heating problems same replace others pic very nice 
 With a big screen, meaty battery and powerful processor, the A7000 ticks all the right boxes for a smartphone. This 5.5-inch phablet is pretty affordable and has another interesting trick - it's the world's first phone to feature Dolby Atmos. Let's see if the A7000 is worth its salt and can overcome the intense competition in this price range. 
 Its a good phone.A7000s back camera is very bad. Performance is really good. Sound quality is also good.Front camera is good.It will get marshmallow update on September 
 Heating problem is the only effect, other wise worth buying. For short hand ppl, its too big to handle with one handle. Picture quality, video play back is excellent. 
 Its a nice phone if we are talking about features but it will disappoint you in terms of quality sound quality is good but speaker is moody touch screen will create problem very soon after buying it,charger is also of low quality. 
 Touch Screen is took some time to respond, software need further polished, else it's fine. Camera quality is good enough but sound quality not. 
 i was using this phone last 8 month 
good performance
no over heating 
good battery backup
front camera is good rear was poor
fast internet   
 I was using Note 1 for a really long time (read 3 years). Had moved to Cyanogen on it and it was a lot better than stock OS and fast too and that helped me run it for three long years.
After the phone gave up (it literally died due to heavy usage and it's limited H/W resources, I pitied and moved on) 
Why I chose Lenovo A7000?
1) I had paid 32k for Galaxy note and used it for three years. This time, I decided to use one phone worth 10k for a year, so I can have three phones and three years with the same budget
2) Moreover, with 10k budget, there are so many awesome phones in the market, I knew that I will not compromise on the h/w or s/w resources too much 
Experience after using: 
What I really liked:
1) The phone is very light weight
2) The touch response is good
3) Dolby Atmos is great if you really know how to use it
4) Battery life is awesome. I use it for my mails, whatsapp, office mails, youtube, few games and i still have 20-30% left at the end of the day (not a hardcore games btw)
5) Never ever faced the heating problem
6) Battery saver features like "Ultimate Power saver" are great (used it when was travelling and no power source nearby) 
What I did not like
1) I did not like the Lenovo launcher and hence installed google launcher which gives pure android like UI
2) 8 GB ROM (16GB Turbo was not available when I bought) -> 8GB is way too less esp. when Lenovo gives some preloaded apps which takes a lot of space. I have SD card but still there are many apps that cannot be installed on external storage (unless rooted). So you will run into this error frequently (insufficient device memory, while updating existing/installing new apps)
3) Camera is OK, but I am not a heavy camera user, so that's ok
4) You touch it and you know it is a budget phone with the plastic that Lenovo has used 
Overall I am neutral with this purchase. Anycase, since the price it low, I don't feel too bad and will move on to the next phone very soon (read after one year) 
 Nice phone. Easy to use. Battery life is good. Picture clarity is awesome. Sound clarity is good. If we charged fully means battery comes for two days. No need of every day charging. 
 Ram is good but storage is less ,OS and apps takes most part of storage making less space available for installing apps .
On Updating phone the camera also gets worst.
Else Ok
Suggestion :- memory size should be atleast 16Gb 
 display failed, trouble connecting internet, recent contacts does not show. Initially i ignored recent contact bug, but then it has only been 9 months and display is not working. Also always trouble connecting internet irrelevant of service provider. Not happy at all. 
 A7000 turbo is nice phone. Phone come with dual 4G sim and low price to companies other Brand's phone e 
 I brought 3 pics in flash sales...internal memory is low but...sar value is low and battery backup is good comparing to its big brother k3 note.after 3months used i sale a7000.i brought 5pics k3 note.but k3 is not good 
 It has been a day since i have been using this phone and believe me it is an amazing device. Flipkart's one day delivery was amazingly fast they delivers the correct product in all new condition no complains here but in the specifications they have not mentioned that a screen guard is included in the box. 
Pros:
1.) Great processor no lags till now 
2.)Sharp and crisp display
3.)Nice Sound and build quality
4.)It charges pretty fast
5.)Android 5.0 with vibeUI(Though i am using Google now launcher) 
Cons:
1)The touchpad has no backlight
2)Gets heated when using while charging 
Will update in a weeks time 
 I Buoyed Lenovo A7000 White on 26-07-2015 And now having some problems with this phone.
Phone is good but before 1 week the touch screen is not working properly yesterday i've submitted my phone to Lenovo Service center but they said it takes 20 to 30 days to repair the phone. My half of the touch screen is not working. Suddenly while using the touch on the half of the screen stopped working. Really frustrating.
.
Anyway phone quality is very good. But i dont have any cellphone to use that's why i order a new mobile Lenovo A6000 Plus White. It will come tomorrow.
Let see.. 
 Nice one Product was delivered fast worth buying under 10 k.  
corns : Sound and pic Quality 
Pros : Battery , Touch 
 According to price handset is good but lacks Corning Gorilla Glass, Camera app sometimes freezes. All over ok phone.. There are much better handset now at this range.   
 Worth for money, gud mobile within the range of 10k. 5.5 inch screen, 2GB ram with good battery backup. Superb. 
 I am happy that i made a right choice,purchasing this phone. Need not expect much.But it is par excellence in case of performance. Happy to shop with flipkart, where better meets the best 
 Good phone. But sometimes call logs are not updated. We need to reboot the set. Otherwise no problem. 
 Don't buy this product,Build quality/Camera/Software of this phone is not good.
ppi of this phone is also not good. 
 I am using Lenovo A7000 mobile since 6 months, Mobile is good in quality. Charging quickly. Speed also good. Dolby sound also excellent. 
 Awesome Product By Lenovo - This is an underpriced product. Thanks to Flipkart for the sale. A very high standard phone. Must buy. 
 Yes,  
I think 6 month ago i can buy this Phone. I can use for Online Work and Communication throw net. I m Freelancer then also use freelancing apps in this phone. Get fasted notification and also wifi fully speed. 
 The phone has been consistent in its performance. I am not going to list pros or cons as there are many other reviews which lists them out. The battery is really good, once fully charged, I use it for almost a whole day with songs and internet on occasionally.  
There is a small problem of heating when the 3G/4G is used for a long time. Camera picture quality is good compared to my previous phone (Micromax Canvas 2 Plus). Internal memory can be a bit of problem for users who like to keep a lot of apps, the space runs out too quickly, but thanks to the option of moving the apps to memory card this can be avoided for some time. 
A mobile worth buying for people with a small budget. 
Thanks. 
 HAS SCREEN PROBLEM AFTER 3 MONTHS ,TOUCH GETS DISGUSTING . YOU CAN USE THE  
PRODUCT AS MINI IRON CHEAP QUALITY BACK PANEL USED .ITS A CHEAP QUALITY PHONE NOT EXPECTED FROM A BRAND LIKE LENOVO 
 8gb rom is just not sufficient for internal storage. almost always the phone memory gets full.
aslo, the games like Asphalt 8 doesn't run smoothly. Phone gets heated up and after sometime the screen freezes and the entire phone hangs. so not good for playing games also. 
 Using it for last 9 months with no problem. A very good phone. Both the Cameras are very good. Very good video output. Good sound quality. I do not find any heating problem. Good for gaming also. But it is not water proof. 
 VOICE QUALITY VERY POOR, ALSO HARDWARE IS NOT LIKE LENOVO'S STANDERED... PLEASE DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME TO SEE AND MONEY... 
 Ghatiya bakvas phone very chep display nd camera or also hangs alot 
 Price wise very good phone at this range. Big screen, good voice, battery back up awesome compared to moto g 2nd generation mobile. 
 An awesome masterpiece phone. No issues and apps runs without any lag. sound is awsum and also both decent cameras. Go for this without any thought. 
 Dear all,
Please be aware that Lenevo customer care service is very bad. I have purchased A7000 , but after six months the touch panel was not working. Even when I reached to their service center , it was not good enough and many other people were complaining about this phone. 
So please be very careful before purchasing this phone. 
 When i purchased this its delivery time is 3 to 4 days. but it comes very early at 2 day this phone at my hand. it is nice phone and working very good and friends and relatives asking me for this very nice phone. i like it very much thanks to flipkart for nice product. 
 over all good product. its better than any other models of Lenovo available today in market....
so i would suggest go for this one 
 Lenovo cannot become market leaders if they cannot improve their service parameters.My lenovo A7000 was given for service in service centre and I has been mor ethan 20 days that it has still not been given back. There do have dedicated customer help line no. but they do not help...service centre phones ar ealways not reachable... you literally need to go to service centre to find the update on your phone. Their service email id is also useless, they keep telling they are working on the resolution, but even they cannot reply after 1 week of writing to them... A complete pathetic service. 
 lenovo have shown how to give valuable smartphones.. very good performance in each and every aspect,, like battery display processor.. 
 It is very light and very nice performance aswell.
Love you LENOVO 
It has never got Hanged or any other kind of problems occurred. 
 Excellent phone & good to use in hard way
No hanging problem
Average camera
Gives fantastic feeling while playing games & watching HD vide
Overall it's a good product from flip kart 
 Dear sir 
 this mobile phone 10 month back i Purchased but not working, product quality also not good 
 I have been using for the past 6 months. Excellent Phone for the Price paid. Smooth interface and long lasting battery. 
 A desent looking phone with very good features. the only conc. is of its internal memory which is 8 gb and its quite less. 
 camera good 
acessability good 
processer good 
light weight
speed good
screen resolution best
everything at just this price ,, i m very much impressed
and no heating issue
battery life awesome on 24hrs wifi on 
 Good product ! light weight ..but need more internal memory. need changes in calling user interface.super quick delivery from flipkart. 
 I am writing this review after almost using this phone for 8 months. To be honest i have not faced any problem with this phone so long. There are lots of features of this phone unique to it. I can move applications to SD card, although not all, makes 8 GB of inbuilt space and 2 GB of RAM, enough for normal operations until now. Speed of multitasking is amazing with a vibrant display. Battery life is more than enough for a day of operation. Felt a little bit of heating during gaming which is normal as in most of the phones of other brands but it does not hamper the performance at all. Would not like to count the technical specifications as it is done by many other reviewers. Overall i am pretty much satisfied with this phone.. Recommended this phone to two of my friends and they too are very happy with this prized possession... Last but not the least, i was very happy with the services of Flipkart in delivering this phone on time. 
 This is one of Best Phones I have purchased from Flipkart. This phone is works faster then others, good to carry, all features in the phones are working. Camera is good. All I can say Lenovo is nice company. 
 In a span of four months this phone was serviced twice for various issues!, and each service took 1month .Never ever go for a new brand when buying phones. Not just the phone but the service is also pathetic. 
 I am using this mobile since from Aug 2015 till date. Its very nice and is smooth functioning. Very good mobile to use..
I can give 10 stars too.. 
 Excellent phone, value for money. Having features like permission control and power saver modes which you won't find in other phones. 
 In a couple of days after buying it, the touch screen became unresponsive. Particularly the right side of the screen. Tried applying all available updates but the issue persists. Searching on the Internet took me to forums where many other Lenovo users had the similar issue. Now, I have to give it to the service center for the screen repair. A bad buy. 
Mi branded phones are much better. 
 the android phone has all the latest features as required and up till now its works perfectly. It's great to shop from Flipkart 
 This phone is not for Camera lovers ,A high end smartphone needs proper maintenance & handling from the user. So to get optimum output in overall performance 
 My Lenovo A7000 developed problems with the touch screen within 3-4 days after delivery. However, the same was promptly replaced with a new handset by Flipkart.
After 6 months of use the touch screen has again developed problems inspite of handling the phone with due care. My view is that Lenovo phones are not good in quality and will advise propective buyers to better avoid this brand of phone. 
 SOUND is just average dolby atoms doesn't seem to do much
CAMERA is also average
PERFORMANCE is not satisfactory
user interface doesn't eat up that much ram as in other lenovo devices of higher price and configurations
SCREEN RESOLUTION is also ok 
overall an average quality product but the price at which i bought it (8098) this is pretty good  
 I think i am reviewing after 3-4 months. The product is good and i am quite happy with this product. 
lets start with the problems which i face sometime-
1. The touch while using WhatsApp doesn't work. (Would be thankful if some help me here)
2. Initially Battery Backup was good but its not the same.
3. Camera (Rear) is not good.
4. SIM2 Slot- Only 2G SUPPORTED
5. Poor headphone
6. While charging Charger makes a hissing sound.
Good Part
1. Sound Quality awsm specially when you play with Wynk Music.
2. No hanging problem
3. No battery warm-up (many customers had the problem). and there are many more........ 
 Quality of the Phone is not all that good.
The back cover is plastic. external speaker is of poor quality. Display & video is not all that great. Overall i think MI is better than this one. 
 Functionally OK. But material used for mobile case manufacturing is not good and not having grip in hand.
Very delicate screen made with Lenovo. 
Handle like months baby. 
 I am using this phone from last April and Phone is of excellent quality . But problem is with camera and heating issue which all lenovo phone has. I dont know what is the issue but still to this date this problem has been not resolved in Many Lenovo Phones 
 No worthy. Phone got dead with in 6 months and not at all good customer service from Lenovo.
It's been more than a month that I gave for service (mobile is in warranty) and not yet returned to me.
Worst part is LENOVO AUTHORIZED SERVICE are not even responding to phone for status update 
Even we got impressed on this phone before buying and lot of my friends having same problems with this phone now. 
Sincere appeal not to buy. 
ALL LENOVO PHONES ARE HAVING PROBLEMS 
 Good mobile.But after 3 months the some parts of the screen is not working. Changed the screen as Warranty service now it is working . But don't know if it works fine after 3 or months 
 after using for 1 month touch is gone on half screen,
went to service centre with in a month ,not happy with it 
 There is a problem with the screen( it doesn't respond) and Wi-Fi ( you have to stay literally near the modem to receive the signal). One of the worst mobile. 
 good price and features best of all phones ever seen(EXCLUDING VIBE P1M)
Better features than any othe phone in the range of 10,000. the advancd option ultimate power saver is amazing 
 I have a brought this product and it is looking good, working well, internal memory was less and picture quality is low (8GB) after I brought this Lenovo have released within less than a month with 16GB version mobile with better features. 
 GOOD PACKING FROM FLIPKART 
Awesome delivery from flipkart 
great product Lenovo A7000 is the top smartphone under 10000rs .it isvery fast no lagging or heating issue.and the headphones are of good quality . but i have got only 4 gb internal storage 
Great mobile 
 i bought this phone with great expectations of the brand name. However i am extremely disappointed with its performance. Been 8 months now and it has been troubling me so much. Battery life is poor and the touch keypad / sensor has gone for a toss. please do not spend money on this ! 
  GOOD
 SUPERB VALUE FOR MONEY
 GOOD BATTERY LIFE
 POWER-PACKED PERFORMANCE
 BEST GAMING PERFORMANCE 
 Lenovo has given this phone in great size and many excellent features and this has best camera which can capture pictures in true colours. With this speed processor can play games without any difficulty and will not close at all. I like this phone very much. Overall satisifed 
 Guys i am using these from more than a year and trust me there's no single issue and its works great... 
 I was searching for a phone which will suit my budget and the requirment. Lenovo A7000 is the one I was searching for. 
 It has been 8 months since i bought this product and trust me, this phone is one hell of a paisa vasool. Battery lasts 1 day and it takes 2 hours to charge to 100%. Look resembles some high end phone. Only thing to do is purchase a memory card and screen protector as it doesn't have gorilla glass. Best buy from flipkart. Took lot of days to arrive though. 
 only improve your camera performance.... . then it will be a beast..... . al other features are just good very smooth ui and lag free performance.... . 
 This is a stellar phone which sold like hot cakes in 2015. 
3 of my friends bought it and all were immensely satisfied. One of them broke the screen because of mishandling so one has to have a solid tempered glass protector and good back cover. 
The biggest limitation is only 8 GB of internal memory (it's actually ~6GB) and the user gets hardly 3-4 GB after the OS and inbuilt apps. 5.5" size is also a little big for most people. 
While it was a very popular phone in 2015, please lookout for newer models later in 2016 (like K4 Note, A7000 Plus) and avoid it unless the price drops sharply. 
 camera clarity is good.
internal memory is insufficient
initially mobile is good, but as time passes by, it is hanging. taking more time to open the apps etc. if u want to use for short duration like less than a year and change your mobile, this is best one. 
No heating as of now. 
IMP: Charging time is more and can use hardly 8-10 hrs with proper usage.  
 i purchased this phone in may 2015 and fully satisfied by this phone. awesome phone every thing is perfect till now. 
 i love this fon using since june....and bought one more in oct.i love this phone ..its slim and has good look. interface of android 5 is best . 
 Nice phone. If I would have waited a month I would have got the next version neverthess this phone is amazing and I got it under exchange. Seamless working and happy with Lenovo A7000 
 One worth taking phone  
more than satisfied customer, 
better than mine previous htc phone.... 
Quality of video is cool and dolby digital atoms is one of the best effects one can have 
 i like this moblie is good this one nice i like and i love lenoveo moblie 
 There is a big issue on the phone that it does not allow you to reach even 100KB/s on 5 MP/s router. 
No gorilla glass, hangs sometimes. 
 No lag, big screen, good battery, octa core fast processing. Sufficient ram
Although you need memory card with this phone or it won't survive.
In all aspects a very cool mobile in this price range using it for 4 months now. 
 i like this moblie is good this one nice i like and i love lenoveo moblie i like flipkart is best of best 
 The Battery Dies Off Very Fast & many a times the phone doesn't read SD card & need to restart to fetch the contents of SD card. 
 Only 8 GB in that Google apps are inbuilt...
hang problem.
application storage problem.
but now totally waste of money in 8 GB storage. 
 got dis handset after 4-5 days but its running smoothly! no complains! i was sacred to buy phones frm flipkart earlier but now dis was my first time i ordered a phone frm flipkart and it was really helpful i got this phone in 8820/- 
keep it up flipkart!! 
amazing servive n amazing phone! 
just loving it!! 
buy it with no doubt 
 Extremly poor product.I brought it in Apr15 and regretting it ever since.Very poor performance.Once changed mother-board as it was not powering on.Could not use thereon as once again it is under repair. Please do not buy. 
 very good look, working fine no issues,picture quality very good,best mobile to buy,rigid body when compare others. 
 over all good. with few cons.
1. SAR value is high.
2. Heats up with moderate usage.
3. battery back is ok. 
 Good. But heating when you use continuously for a long period(like Gaming, Movies). The Battery also ok ok. Functionality wise good. Thanks to WSRetail, Flipkart and Lenovo. 
 Nice phone for that convenient price but still faced some touch issues but those were fixed by the care centre really fast within a week awesome software built-in 
 Good mobile, I purchase in offer 8100/- rs. So good feature but internal memory only 8 gb so I prefer same feature with 16 gb memory fone on lenovo other model 
 Perfect device in such low price.... gr8 performance.... never hang....... no battery problem..... my lenovo making my life easy.
front & rear camera both are excellent... 
Thanks for making us happy.... 
 Great performance...
Excellent battery. 
Camera should be better ... 
 good battery life,
satisfactory camera, 
very very very little lag (not lag "free"),
great for gaming ,
good speakers ,
rich display. 
 good price range for features good price range for features good price range for features good price range for features 
 if you want bigger screen and cute phone then this phone is best for this.
camera result is awesome for night. 
 This phone is working absolutely fine.. I m reviewing it after use of 7 month... Working perfectly.. 
Not heating problem..
Not hanging... 
But rear camera is not as expected...
Front camera is fine... 
But the internal memory is very low... Only 4 gb to use... The os takes 3 gb of space .... That's is very high... 
Nice phone @ all... 
 I have been using it from last 8 months and now I feel all the excitement has gone which I had when I had used it for the first time. Touch screen and battery was great initially but now after 8 months both has gone below the standard(Battery is still better than samsung s duos which I had used before).I dont see much useful of the 2GB Ram .. I have very few app installed but still the remaining RAM is always 500MB. 
 ITS GREAT I COMPLETE TODAY 6 MONTH OF THESE MOBILE AND I LIKE IT SO MUCH.... IT IS VERY SLIM N LIGHT WAIGHT...... BUT WHEN WE PLAY GAMES OR DOING BROWSING NONSTOP 3 TO 4 HOUR IT WILL BE SOME HOT............. BUT ALL ARE FEATURES ARE GOOD....... AND ITS PICTURE VIEWING ARE MOST LOVABLE IF WE CAN SIDE OF MOBILE WE CAN SEE A COMLETE PICTURE WITHOUT ANY BLACKOUT........... AMAIZING MOBILE LOVE IT.........:)  
 1. Lots of Bolt ware good thing is it can be removed.
2. UI is the worst, i am using NOVA Launcher.
3. Hardware Problems, i visited service centre to get my screen replaced and few more people have the same problem.(dead pixel lines on the screen).
4. No software updates.
5. 8 GB Memory can be managed using an SD card but Lenovo Android version occupies more than half of the memory.   
 It is very good product in this range,but the touch got damaged within 3 months.So suffering a lot for this. 
 I am surprised that the phone is blazing fast. Both cams are good in good lighting conditions. Can shoot 1080p videos & the result is very good. It's a treat to the eye. 2900 mah battery will run for a full day. Browsing experience is nice. The texts are clear & crisp. There is no heating issues at all. Can play asphalt 8 airborne without any lag. The internal memory is only 8 gb. OS itself occupies close to 4gb. You are unable to download more apps as you get the warning; view phone storage inspite of the fact that you have external memory as well & you have set the download settings to card memory. This is annoying. Another problem i encounter with this phone is whenever the battery is fully discharged & if you connect it to charger, it will not charge at all even if you plug in whole day long. You have to plug out the charger time & again & at times I even remove the battery also & re install it again without any success. Then it will start charging all of a sudden. I mean this is a headache. I see to it that I never let it to discharge 100 percent. I charge while it has 5 percent still remaining. People who are eager to buy this phone, I would suggest them to shell 1000 bucks extra & buy lenovo k3 note. Same look but with upgraded features. It has 16 gb internal memory, full HD 1080p resolution & 13mp camera. (8gb, 720p & 8mp cam of this one). Overall the phone excellent with minor hiccups which I've mentioned above. 
 I got this phone 6 months back, trust me its still working in the same way as it was used to work on first day hangs sometimes but automatically fixes in seconds!!! 
 Camera is average but still works okay, good performance, battery life is good too for although internal memory is bit less but its still good for a phone at this price.
what's more its a good make after all 
 These are the problems i have faced in my new lenovo a7000. All the below problems are within 6 months 
1. After updated the new system update --> sound quality was too bad,, too low. tried many ways to recover like dolby atmos settings change, app for sound better sound qualiy etc. BUT NO USE
2. Exactly after 5 months --> Touch screen behavior is completely disappointed. Without any inputs, phone started doing some actions like opening apps.. automatically calling any contacts from list.. & lot many problems because of touch screen fault.
3. Loud speaker was dead after few days of above problem. I need to use only headphones. 
I will not recommend this phone to anyone. 
 Performance is good. Not much better with the other branded mobiles. Initially it got heated when call attended or dialed. Later when the software updated then there is no problem of getting heated. 
 Using this phone from 6 months. No problem till now. Bt im not satisfied with the camera. Xiaomi phones have the best camera in this price range. 
 Display is amazing..  
Its more like a phablet, However the phone stopped charging from the charger provided for two weeks and later it started working again.. so far going good ! 
 I am not saying its awesome, however good phone to have, it has got all the basic facilities required for day to day use. I am not a heavy gamer, so this phone suits my need 
 The phone is good , comes with a lot of features as well as a good battery life . The only thing which disturbs me is its touch . The screen quite often becomes unresponsive .. Apart from tht its value for money :) 
 NIce................more tha 6 months of usage....its fine....no issues...timely delivery as usual........ 
 phone is working fine camera quality is too good idle for selfie clicks i just love to click selfie ..... battery charge is not so good .... 
 really money waste in buying this phone.i used this phone for 2 months then the touch is not all woking....... 
 I would suggest to buy K3 note instead. 8GB internal memory is not enough and most of the apps cannot be installed in sd card. And also having some problem with touch sometimes. Otherwise the phone is good considering the price. 
 It does nt lag that much.
I use gta sa , etc hd games and run , (heating while gaming over 15 minutes)
camera quality is not that much nice. 
I suggest buy k3 note 
I changed more than 5 times custom roms .
Nice mobile .. Supports 1/2 of the k3 note rom.  
 Its a very good product... It has been 6 months I am still using it... N it is really very good.. N it doesn't heat.. You may find it in other rewies that it heats up.. Its not like that.. N of tha camera.. Its too good.. According to the mobile.. The display n style of mobile is too good.. N finally I would like to say that its totally very good.. Except for the headphones.. You can buy another headfone instead of lenovo headfone... Thanks for reading.. 
 VERY NICE ONE AND GOOD ONE FOR THE PRICE PAID. COMPARE TO OTHER COSTLY SMART PHONES IT IS VERY, VERY SMART ONE WITH EAR SENSOR, CAMERA AND WEIGHT LESS. 
 i bought this phone in may 2015 in their flash sale. Barely three months later the right side of the touch screen stopped. after taking it to the service centre they said they have to replace the touch screen. it took more than a month and repeated follow ups to get the phone repaired.now after another two months again the touch screen has stopped responding. Planning to discard the phone and buy some other phone. the service center executives in mumbai were highly unprofessional and least bothered. and I saw a lot of phones in the lenovo service center with some problem or the other as well as many customers arguing with them 
Most lenovo phones have some or the other issue or the other and the lenovo does not care about service at all. they are all busy in marketing 
Flipkart , kindly let me know if you can take back this phone at 50% of the cost and give me a new phone of some other brand.i am tired and fed up with this phone 
 Yes! Best smartphone ever at this price. I m using this phone from past 6 months. Flipkart sent it in 3 days from the date of order. 
Phone is awesome better than the overrated smartphones. Camera quality is good. Front camera is awesome... No lags at all. Even while playing the big games with 2 GB Ram. We can store apps in the external SD card as it has only 8 GB of internal Storage. Touch, Sound quality, Processor, various sensors, features are the plus points... Close your eyes and click on the BUY button. 
 I have been using this phone from 18th June'2015. Till now I haven't faced any major problems. " A good phone at a decent price ". 
* Power saving mode is simply awesome.
* No lagging,smooth performance with 2GB RAM.
* Dolby Atmos - 
* Battery - Excellent backup, It can easily stand up for 1.5 days with average use. 
* Slim and it looks stylish. 
* Display - Awesome HD quality
* Headphone - Looks Very cheap. Should have been a better quality.
* Decent camera, Rear camera is good in sunlight.  
 There are serious issues with touch for this mobile. Purchased 2, both have issues of touch being not recognized. At some places keyboard freezes and wont come back till you restart.. 
 nice phone with good luks and very stylish nice phone in this price using from last 6 mnths it is flawlss battery time is gud nt work is gud what othr you want in phone it is simply peerfeect phone with style. 
 I HAVE BROUGHT LENOVO A 7000 LAST 5 MONTH ,THE DEVICE WAS VERY GOOD ,GOOD BATTARY BACKUP, GOOD CAMERA CLARITY,DEVICE RUNNING APPLICATION GAME SOOMTHLY, 
 I got the product delivered in a day, This reveiw is after using the product for 5-6months..
Camera quality is very nice.. And rest all about the phone is bad, there are multiple apps which are in-built and cannot delete them, I have put in 16gb memory card but is a waste as many apps are not moving and are fixed in phone memory.. whenever i want to update apps the regular message i get is shortage of space.. The touch has become bad..it doesnt work sometime.. 
Dont go for this.. Buy other smartphones instead this 
 storage of 8GB is low when compare to YU yureka, sound quality in headset is also very poor. camera quality is also good in YU yureka, whereas price is same for both the product. 
 it is very good product and satisfied with it and using for over 9 months 
no problem with the device and i would recomend it to buy because it is value for money 
 no lag at all, butter smooth performance. and camera may not be extraordinary, but good. jus go for it blindly 
 very affordable smartphone excelent features in the budget experience the highest specifications nice brand 
 other than low price its just numb
Go for samsung
The quality never matches with samsung
you can identify the product by holding it in your hands while closing your eyes 
 Very bad product because quality is very poor. Do not buy. Go with trusted brand which is giving good quality compare to who is offering high conf with less price. 
 I'm writing the review after 3 month of usage. with this price range its a decent product. my usage include heavy gaming, wifi usage. Pro:
awesome battery back up.
very good screen and touch sense are pretty good.
gaming in this mobile is very decent.
there are few additional features of its own.
call quality is just good.
cons:
its own software takes much RAM. out of 2gb only about 1100 mb is available.
touch sensitivity decreases with time.
heating effect is there but manageable.
some apps doesn't get transferred to sd card. 
worth for money in this range. cheers lenovo. 
 mostly heating problem and hanging problem and camera quality is so better.And its model are same as other phones not special design . 
 ve- dolby atmos is really awesome ; 4g support of indian LTE protocol standard ; multitasking response is well enough;
-ve- camera is not too good but ok ; external sound is not enough powerful ; still no update 2 android 5.1.1 ..... 
but must grab it overall its a great smart phablet by LENOVO 
 i am using this mobile more then 6 month.
Disappoint:
1. Camera not good.
2. Network problem.
Appreciate:
1.Battery life is good. 
 I faced issue with internal storage, over heating and hanging. This phone is made of cheap plastic and the look is not as appealing as how it is in photo. The phone get too hot when used more than 20 mins and the battery back is very poor. 
 Lenovo A7000 I am very much satisfied with the product and the deal with u feel as amazing. Shortage of space is little some time leads to discontinue some functions. 
 Quick service by seller and Great picture quality in budget. camera is good both front and rear. If u are game lover this phone gets little slow. 
Overall satisfactory product. 
 The best mobile in this price range. Value for Money. Great touch response and other facilities.Ear phones are of cheap quality, but with this price range it is not surprising. 
 . Awesome sleek rectangular design
. Very light in weight 
. Nice display output
. 1 to 2 days battery backup (with data on)
. UI is not that attractive, but once u get used to it, it will not bother you
. Camera quality is just fine
. Sound output is good (provided with Dolby) 
Would recommend buying its successor Lenovo K3 Note (if you don't want to switch to other brands) 
 Touch screen stopped working properly just after 3 months. I haven't been able to use the phone much because of the same.  
 Performance is very very good.
It does not hang for even a single time.
OTG facility present. Photo quality is good. Printing of pictures taken by
this camera is also good.
Display is large, So enjoy the videos.
Battery is 2900 mah. I think this is little bit drawback. 
 i'm just in love with this phone yaar,i mean wow "Lenovo" rocked.no words other than "awesome"
i suggested to buy this phone to my friends and relatives and they did the same and they also are very happy with both flipkart services and Lenovo. 
 Pathetic camera. Awesome / good battery. Color saturation hopeless. 
 I am give the above title for this mobile is correct. why because this lenovo A7000 mobile is running in 5 month it has so many problems. one is some times the phone Mike has not worked then we restart the mobile phone Mike work onely three are 4 days. another one is in the Mike problem situation we restart the mobile the mobile switched off doesn't on automatically. we press the switch on button the mobile doesn't on while we remove the battery and fix then the mobile will on. then this worst mobile are coming from Emirates. the Emirates Mobiles are ready with low quality. at last don't bye don't waste your valuable money. Also it has a WiFi problem we didn't on the button but it is continually on we didn't stop it. 
 Excellent phone for the price. Screen resolution is great and the Dolby Atmos feature sounds great through a decent set of headphones. 
 every thing is al right except max. internal storage filled by updates.
after some month battery brains very fast . 
 This phone gives you a please experience with the big screen and the sound is awesome. 
The processor and the RAM are good for this cost. 
 Lenovo A7000 is still the best phone. I bought it in June, 2015 from Flipkart. After 6 month its performance is as good as earlier.
The only draw back is; that it gets hot during continuous download from internet. 
 I purchased lenovo a7000 and using it from more than 5 month in this mobile their is connectivity problem in wifi hotspot otherwise its very good mobile 
 facing touch related problem since I bought it, Earlier I was facing problem with pressing i & m but its solve, but past few days more letters including I,M,O giving problem in typing, I go to Techmate service centre in MP Nagar ,Bhopal.... on same day there were all customer of A7000 having same touch problem.After more than 10 days I have not recieved my phone and Techmate person are saying parts are not available in India right now.  
 I have been using this device for over six months and the device is simply superb. 
The octa core tag helps but at times with multi tasking a slight lag can be observed. 
2 GB of RAM is decent to run many apps simultaneously. 
Dolby Atmos is really the star feature because of which I bought this one and I enjoy it each day. 
Camera quality is very good in open light but dwindles indoors. 
Have not seen any crashes and unwanted restarts in my usage. 
Cellular reception is good but you have to be on a very good network with good signal reception else the calls dont come in good.  
Overall it has been a positive experience with the device. 
 Have very very bad experience with service provider and they will not even respond to your query. In Gujarat, there is not even sufficient service center. 
 I recommended this mobile to my colleague and bought it. She is very happy with this mobile till now. Gud performance and large screen too. 
 Phone is fine but after using it for 3 months I can say its better to go for some other budgets phone over all experience not satisfactory 
 The weight is quite low to carry easily.
Battery backup is good.
Display is also very good.
Good performance,
Cost efficient  
 Plz whoever is planning to buy this mobile please think before u buy. This phone is not suitable for teenagers. I am saying this because I used this phone 6 months and I am fed up. I have sent this phone for 2 times to service center and also u note that this phone cannot support rough use. And the quality of the screen in 4 on 10. For this one you can put some extra amount and buy some other phones in range of 15000 
 This is a good phone. Main draw back is internal memory. 8 GB only. Hence lack of space to down load the apps. The remaining features are good. 
 great phone in this price range,
1:good display
2:speaker sound is loud and clear
3:front and rear camera is good, 
4:no lagging and some apps can be moved to sd card, also default storage will change whats app, and any other download directly to external memory card
4:battery backup is great , except the battery level falls instantly from 30% to 15%, this may be a bug, i updated my phone several times but updating doesnt solve this issue,
seriously LENOVO must short out this issue
else everything is great and wonderful 
 Good product, Value for money, i recommended this product, i am satisfy with this product, thanks flipkart. 
 Its a very good phone and very low budget you can have good trust from lenovo.
after using 6 months, I am writing this review phone is very ruff and tuff built quality and high end battery backup (it's most valuable feature) and big screen with good performance.
- Camera is not good as it's 8 MP and not able to make good focus on object. 
 Fantastic product and prompt delivery. Kudos to your team for verifying the product before hosting on your site. Delivery is the deal clincher. had purchased for my younger brother. Thanks for making his Deepawali special. Always rely on Flipkart for major electronic purchases and have never been let down. 
 Ok. Not good as it boasts. Minor irritating software glitches that should be resolved. No software updates, only one that it is of 5.0; not for 5.1 :(. 
 In one complete word the phablet is not good but the best.The phone offers the user to access all the opurtunities of a good phone  
 LENOVO A7000 a good phone.
every one should go for it .Processor,ram,camera is awesome ,no heating , but little hanging problem 
Headphone which came along with this moblile .its price will be of Rs 20 only.Worst one . 
But mobile is superb 
 Superb Cel.... I loved it..... only thing is earphone not good...... 
 Phone specs are awesome.
It has Octa Core ARM Cortex A-53 clocked at 1.50 GHz along with Mali T760 GPU.
Got an OTA update of 92 MB as soon as I received this phone (May be some bug fixes).
Available storage is 3.5 GB 
 This is a good product for this budget. Very slim, good data speed, but gets more heat while data is ON. and while gaming.. but i feel okay for low cost. 
 Hi, 
I had a great experience with Lenovo A7000 since the time I had purchased it. I have not used such a horrible piece in my life, so difficult to use.  
To start with touch screen, at times goes crazy and even though we punch with our finger/hand it would not move ahead. At times, without clicking or touching it keep on moving ahead to which ever app / folder it want.  
I'm really fed-up with this phone and Flipkart as well. 
Flipkart is on its 30 days policy and do not bother to help a real customer. At last decided to bid a farewell to Flipkart and Leveno. 
Thanks for your awful services   
 Very beautiful product. Delivery was good. Weight of the product is so less that u fill that there is no ph in your hand. We have purchased 3 nosto sane ph but out of 3 one phones touch is getting problem 
 Good product. I got this in 2nd flash sale @8999/- few months back. After using it for almost half an year here is my review:  
Look and feel : Very Light weight, good look, fine build quality,  
Screen : Very good quality. PPI isn't the best or great, but screen clarity at this price can beat many others. Touch Screen sensitivity is good. Although I sometime face a little problem while typing, touch seems to be freezed. May be a problem of software, lenovo need to fix it asap. Not sure if the screen has any protection glass, nothing mentioned anywhere. So use a plastic screen protector or tampered glass protector. 
processing : good processing power, no lag during all day to day operation, ram 2 gb so no problem, have not played any graphics intensive game so cant comment. Mediocre Octacore processor get job done. 
playback: Both music playback and video playback is good, specially video playback look nice in a wonderful screen. The headphone provided is complete useless. Lenovo should omit this type of headphone they are not worth rupees 50/- even. 
camera : back and front 8 mp and 5 mp back camera takes goid pictures in daylight with good details. power and range of the flash is good but night photography adds more noise to the pucture captured. front camera isn't that impressive but get the works done. 
Battery : Mediocre. Can last a day with wifi on and if used judiciously. Heavy usage, gaming, video playback restrict battery life. there is nothing to go gaga over battery back up. 
What I missed : NFC, Screen protection, 3g/4g support in 2nd slot, better storage management. 
Verdict : when it was launched it had almost no competitor at launch price 8999/- Now price is slightly notched up and there are several other options from micromax, Motorola, samsung with same specifications or with comparable specificatiins. So think, decide and surely you can go for it. It is a good product at the end of the day. 
Note : Lenovo provides ample of OTA updates.  
 This Phone is pretty good. Light weight with 2GB RAM and octa core processor. Display is ok. Battery is pretty good. The camera is pathetic. 8GB of internal memory is for average users not for heavy users. Would prefer 16GB models of lenovo. 
 After 4 months of used my mobile display showing horizontal lines all over screen also when i play game or videos full display goes white can't see anything.. 
When i take mobile to Service center they told me mobile display is dead so i am not recommended Lenovo mobile to anyone. 
I am using sony xperia C from last 2 year never face any single issue . but in lenovo A7000 there many issue Heating , hang up , headphone sound is very bad. 
 Very Nice Phone worth money spent. Memory and Camera could have been better ,still at this price it is a good deal  
 It's a very good phone..I am using it. I love it. I recommend to buy it. It's a very good product from lenovo. 
 i brought lenovo a7000 in June and within 6 months display is not working ..... unhappy with the product.... 
 OK OK performance, does overheat quite a lot, sometimes so much that you get conscious about it's heating during talking on phone,
It's OS and hardware appear to be very new and awesome but they are just ok ok.
2 GB RAM is there but you won't get more than 1 GB of free RAM available.
Loading many apps at same time would make the phone stutter.
And for flawless performance of phone you'd have to format the phone every once in a while [ 3 months ] 
 I bought this phone in July.
One of the worst speakers I have witnessed. It can barely play.
The phone's RAM is ok.ok It cant take high load of apps. It lags. 
It doesnt have a good battery life. It was good for first few days only.
SInce past few weeks, left side of my touch screen isnt working. 
And remember if the battery drains automatically, It will take ages for it to switch on. Many a times it took me upto a day to recharge.!
This phone sucks. 
The camera is fine. No problem. The phone is ultra light.  
 hi guys,i have many people complaining about the camera of this phone and lenovo k3 note .Initially when i bought the phone i was too influencing the camera issue and now i have addressed by using third party camera application you too can make your phone(lenovo a7000,lenovo k3 note) camera take good pictures using google camera app.main camera problem of defocusing and slow capture of pics can be addressed using google camera it takes good focused photos quickly.actually i am telling about k3 note cause iam having it my friend has a7000 we both addressed our camera problem using google camera.please post review after using google camera.thanks for reading guys. 
 The phone is very good. It looks good and the touch is also very smooth. Battery lasts almost 24 hours if net connection is used continuously and more than 24 hours when net connection is not used. Screen display is very good. A very good product at this price. A good service from Flipkart as well. 
 i am fully satisfied with the phone . in terms of performance it never hangs like other Android phones .somewhere camera performance is not too good but it will not disappoint you ..i would defiantly recomends you to buy this phone .it is awsome..grab it.. 
 Real value for money 
a) Large screen
b) 8 GB internal memory
c) Very strong. I dropped it more than 50 times but screen is intact 
Buy with eyes closed 
 I bought it 2 months ago.... Now display is giving problem. The response of touch is veryslow. Really feeling irritate of this product. 
 Good Mobile with Great Features! Just go for it. No heating issue. Battery lasts for minimum 24 hours. Works well. 
 it's a great Performer Smart phone. Camera quality is very good. you can do anything with this device also run more application without facing any issues.  
Thanks to Lenovo for this phone. 
 flipkart delivery is so speedy and in good packaging. minimal damage to box.  
good phone for 10000rs budget. slim, good camera, new android system, big screen. google powered phone. 
 I request all buyers of Lenovo A7000 to donot buy this product..............
1.Touchpad will be damaged in 1 or 2 months
2.Slow processing
3.Weak earphone socket
4.Low earphone sound 
i have given for repairing at lenovo care centre...............its been 13 days!
and now they are saying they want 1 week more to repair it, because motherboard got damaged! 
please anyone tell me............if Lenovo cant make good products whyy they are selling it. 
 The Mobile has Touch Screen Issue Within 3 Months of Purchase. You can't operate the Phone. You can use them only for 3 Months.  
 I run a mobile based sales automation company. we have purchased many android phones from different brands in most price ranges. This phone proved to be the worst. Our invoice number is DEL 20150400332208. Within 3 months screen was replaced and now again screen is partially paralyzed. I will never recommend any client lenovo phone in future. 
 This phone worked properly for almost 2 months, later i had the issues related to the Touch sense. I got it serviced at the Lenovo service center and then they informed it was due to a software issue and it will be rectified after fixing the software issue. 
After upgrading the software, the phone exactly worked only for 1 week and then later again i had a problem with the Touch sense. The service center folks have replaced the Touch Sense part and now it worked for a month.
Now again i have the Touch problems , the Touch sense doesn't work. I guess Lenovo has compromised with the Hardware parts inside the phone by selling the phones for less than 10K to compete with other mobile brands. 
 Battery of this phone is simply awesome, lasts for whole day with internet ON. Also very beautiful in design and comfortable in use. 
 Many apps dosent run properly
- Camera average quality
- Heating some what
- Need a update many bugs are there
- Screen is clear and sharp 
 I bought it due to its screen size... built in memory is 8 GB and most of that is ocupied by the system files.
Good phone for average use...... recommend it to people who play games and are frequent apps user
Sometimes I delete an app to download a new app 
 I did not like this phone much. It is a ok ok kind of phone. It requires improvements in audio quality 
 I got deceived by the impressive marketing and the specs that most of the reviewers seemed to highlight and also like. But as is common in the tech world, every time there is a new device, everybody drools over it and very soon it becomes old and nobody follows up. This is because there is always something new to drool over. The lenovo A 7000 seems to be in luck because of this. The phone ran extremely smooth in the first week which I am guessing is the time period all the reviewer used it for. After that, the bugs have just not stopped surfacing and frequent software updates at best don't do anything and mostly tend to make things worse. Anyways, here are the Cons and Pros after a month's usage for those who are interested: 
Cons: 
1. Heating - Gets super heated after 15-20 minutes of use. Call, Games, even net surfing. I can't even bring it close to my ear
2. Network - The phone is mostly not connecting to the network and keeps switching between 4G and 3G continuously. I don't get network connectivity when another phone in the same area does and people can't reach me.
3. Lag - All the applications are slow and keep crashing. E.g: If I clear all apps from the multitasking menu, I have to wait for a minute before the screen becomes responsive
4. Memory - The specifications mention that I can make the SD card my default memory disk and expand the memory. But, this is misleading as the apps still use the phone memory and I can not install more than a few apps/games
5. Software is buggy - Alarms don't disable, messages don't go out from the call screen, Notification tray behaves wierd and keeps crashing especially after cleaning all the apps, keyboard becomes unresponsive, etc. Also, the custom skin is heavy and there is no way you can get rid of it. It's pathetic and has very less options for change 
Pros: 
1. The charging is fast and the phone goes from zero to full charge in under 2 hours 
So there you have it folks - the Cons and Pros of the phone. You decide whether you want to fall for this or not for yourself.  
 I am not happy about the product due to below reason. 
> Touch screen and buttons were not working with in 6 months time, 
> Lenovo has limited Service center , those are near to my home & office address.
> To change the touch screen issues, they need a week time. 
 This is a good phone available in this price range. 
I am experiencing problem with touchscreen within 4 months of purchase. Touchscreen does not respond to touch in some parts of the screen. 
 Dont buy it 
I Purchased 01Lenovo A 6000 , 02 Lenovo A 6000 Plus 01 Lenovo A 7000 excellent working First two months And now I am staying at lenovo Cervice centre Very much happy Board problem Heating problem Battery problem 
 Overall good fone. Good performanace, camera, battery life is superb, bought the fone in July. Had face issue with the touch screen after three months. Al of sudden few spots in the touch screen stop responding, but thank as it was under warranty and get it repaired. I have checked in review and found that many users have face the issue. Is it common with this product? Except this I am satisfied with the fone function.  
 its been 6 months since i started using lenovo A9000. One day it got turned off coz i couldnt keep it for charge. When i kept it for charge, there was no feedback then i realized its not getting charged. 
i tried with my friends A9000 battery, then also same problem. 
 Good configuration in less price. Using since 3 months and its working great. Battery backup is good, performance is much faster than exception for games as well. No heating problem like other phones. Recommended to go for it. 
 Great Product with Good Spects
But Cam quality is Junk
Screen Quality is not that good
No lag while Using Games\ 
 Lenovo A7000- Redefining Budget Phones 
Phone specs are awesome. 
It has Octa Core ARM Cortex A-53 clocked at 1.50 GHz along with Mali T760 GPU.
Got an OTA update of 92 MB as soon as I received this phone (May be some bug fixes).
Available storage is 3.5 GB (approx.)
Battery temperature is between 30-35 degrees in normal usage. Will test how much it heat up while gaming. 
Available sensors:
Accelerometer
Proximity
Luminosity (light sensor)
Magnetometer (e-compass)
Orientation
Virtual Gyroscope sensor
Rotation Vector Sensor
Gravity Se (Expand) 
 I bought this mobile in OCt-12 it was delivered at 15th  
After usage of one day i am giving my review: 
Battery:I used mobile data with 3g support battery Draining is tooo high within 4 hours it came to 15% . 
Data Connectivity: After on the data it was taking 10 minutes to on the data till that time we wont get any symbol regarding the data. 
Hardware:It was heating very badly no need of Room heater who is staying in cool countries but i am in india So i did not required this sooperb option 
 There is a software issue for Lennovo A7000 that i had purchased through flipkart just in a span of 4 months so, plese don't prefer lenovo brand. 
 Camera problem....when trying to connect a popup showing "can't connect to the camera"...
it is in warrenty period. need support 
 For storage in SD Card I can not use SD Card in Lenovo A7000 
I have tryied 2 SD card but no result SD card works in other mobile but it is not working in Lenovo A7000 
 2MONTH FROM BUYING SCREEN NOT WORKING PROPERLY
SERVICE CENTER TO LONG NOT GIVE PROPER ANSWER PHONE NOT PICKUP
15 TO 20 DAYS TAKE FOR CHANGE SCREEN 
 Just after a month this phone's right half of the screen has stopped responding.
Touch screen's partial paralysis, huh. (and similar complaints one can see in good numbers on lenovo's community)
And this entire gaga about 2GB RAM, please don't go by this.
Dear Lenovo people, if this entire batch has gone wrong, take some bold steps!! 
 I generally dont write feedback of any product but writing about this phone as i have seen so many complain with phone and service. Phone was good initially but after some time started giving display problem. Same problem observed by friend who also bought same phone. Service centre repaired but it injucted so many other problems . Ringtone stop working, Phone mic is not clear and voice is not clear to person on other end.
Service centre is pathetic and they dont know how to repair. We had to visit service center atleast 6-8 times but same problem arises in one or two day. 
In general i will recommand not to buy this phone. 
 Quality of Phone is very cheap, no service centers and software problem always persist in phone. Automatically Play store stop functioning. Wrong phone nos. mentioned on the website of Lenovo..........so please don't purchase this. 
 i ordered 2 lenovo phones,A7000 and K3 Note. 
both these phones encountered touch issues and are very delicate 
 Others have written extensive reviews but i want to mention that I am really happy about the screen size. 
 dispaly is good, not handy, features ok but still somewhere some is missing in it, go for it if u r a fan of lenovo but stilluh can try for some other phone. 
 Last two months back i have purchased this mobile, up to now i dosen't get any problem.
This the best mobile in reasonable cost. 
 I am using this phone since 4-5months, the mobile is very good.My sis have brought the same mobile ...101 out of 100 marks.....just awesome.....speechless 
 works like charm. highly recommendable... 
> battery is good
> updates are fixing many issues
> doesnt heat up
> nice grip. 
 PHONE IS GUD,
FEATURES ARE GREAT AT DIS PRICE RANGE,
BEST FOR DAILY SUFFS,
RESONABLE YET GUD ON LOOKS AND WORKS GUD, 
 UI touch and feature wise very great. No lagging or slowness. If you looking good quality phone with limited budget. surly can consider as best option. 
UI - 5 Star
Sound - 5 Star
Reception : 5 star 
 I have been using this phone from less than 6 months now. I was expecting a lot from Lenovo as a brand in terms of stability and performance. The screen doesn't power up immediately after unlocking. Sometimes it won't power up to the screen and remain in black screen when rebooting. Also, there are lags, frezes and device becomes slow with age. Apps crash. 
This happens and is very evident when you have use device encryption.  
Camera is not that great, especially in low light conditions, but good enough for this price. Network connectivity is poorer than my Blackberry device. 
One good thing till now for me: Battery retention. I get a backup of more than 10 hours with full usage. Battery charging is also fast. 
 i m first time purchasing in mobile lenovo a7000 from flipkart side. i m shore he was providing best services 
 Pros:
Video recording and quality is good.
RAM is more than sufficient for most apps.
Processor is fast and lcd screen has good quality.
Phone is very light and easy to drop. 
Cons i felt:
Heats up while phone calls and after using some apps.
The Headset is poor. I still don't know why they provide Dolby atmos without good earphones. Doesn't make much difference.
Audio output from the phone is less.
Needs more battery power while recording, when using internet and apps. 
 i bought this product on june 2015. it delivered on time and till 3 months the phone was excellent. latter in my phone charing problem came... like lenovo a7000 is not been charging i thought it might be problem with the charger but not it is the problem with the device itself.  
I dont know where to show this as i can see any service centers on website.  
So if you want to opt go with your risk rest all features are awesome/. 
 pls don't update the system update... shows in your phone it makes lot of changes... which was already work properly... to improper. 
and my phone display doesn't work the auto birghtness. when it comes from date... 
I get to the service centre also they said that there is an some software issue, and we puts a new software... but what they actually do just reset the mobile and give it to me for this they take 1week 3 days(10 days) In the service centre they are not treat us properly... till the problem doesn't solved... 
Now my camera focusing also loos... 
 camera quality is low no gorilla glass primary camera is low quality & secondary camera is bad quality i 4 month speaker was gon & hang the mobile 
 I have taken 2 phones, one for me and other gifted to my sister before 4 months back.But what i feel now touch screen is not responding very well in both the phones.Its really seems painfull at all. 
 I have been waiting for this phone to gift it to my wife. Overall, the phone is excellent - slim, light, big and bright screen, great battery backup and blazing fast. The UI is great too and many enhancements done to Android available through the Settings is an icing on the cake. Overall a great product and definitely recommended. 
 I'm using this phone for 4 Months Still I didn't found any problem. Camera, processor speed, battery life, display quality everything is excellent. 
But One problem that I'm facing is the Loud speaker prblm. the loud speaker sound is little low. 
 Lenovo A7000 is good phone but it as a bit heating issues while 3G Browsing or gaming 
otherwise its a perfect buy at this price 
 & Camera of this phone is worst
Due to heating problem i have once replaced the phone from flipkart, & the curent phone doesn't hv much issues of heating except while 3g browsing... 
 I purchased this for my Mom. 
And, she is very happy with this phone. 
Its nice phone at this budget. Good battery life and various other features. 
 enovo A7000 is the best smartphone under 10000rs. Liked everything about this phone 
Phone looks elegant and works very fast. Games are so smooth. 
 I ordered the phone on 18 september 2015 and got it on 23 september 2015.
Camera: Front camera is a bit good but the rear camera is not as much good as it should be,but at this cost its ok.
Speaker: the speaker quality is very good. Sounds very soothing with DOLBY ATMOS.
Display: The HD display attracts more than anything.
Processor: The octacore processor gives the freedom to run the phone smoothly without any sluggishness.
Battery: The battery is good,gives long hours of usage.
RAM: 2 GB RAM helps to run multiple apps without any problem.
Will update more experience time to time 
 Android Lollipop with some awesome features. The selfies taken by this phone is muaahhh. I simply love this phone. I recommend this as must buy if somebody is interested in below 10 K 
 Everything is good except pop3 mail n gmail synchronize in same gmail account app........ 
Battery is ok as per their specification ... 
 Very Good deal at this price.. Battery Backup is exceptional.. Screen Resolution and Camera quality awesome.. 
 Overall phone looks good to me with respect of performance and build quality. There is one major drawback that is Camera quality. Lenovo could offer less camera mega pixels with good quality pictures.  
Overall phone is good on their price range. 
 I am using it for 2 months and UI VIBE is bad bad bad !! Set is awesome !! Back camera is bad !! Truly bad !! Front camera is good !! Overall you can buy in this price !! But now k3 note is available so don't ever buy this product on the place of k3 !! 
 Signalling Issue.Calls getting disconnected frequently and voice gets one sided. 
If you don't want to use for voice calls, then for rest this is a good phone  
 this is very smooth runing without hanking... camera quality is very good....4G speed is incredible.......scree quality also sexy 
 Initially the phone wan't great. I would regret for buying it as it was slow sometimes, the swipe wouldn't work properly and many such problem. But it has been improving with software upgrades. Its working perfectly.. Worth the price.  
The pics taken in front camera is very poor in low lit conditions. In bright light, pics are good. Selfie camera is good in well lit condition. 
The looks of icons are bad. But you can change those using theme packs. 
It has fell from around 3 feet facing up. Nothing happened. Seems sturdy. 
Some extra features are cool. Like, you can directly open any 2 apps directly, with the screen locked. (By writing V and O). 
Dolby atmos doesn't make any difference with the earphones that come along with the phone. The volume is low to hear music on loud speaker. 
Battery is good. But this depends a lot on the kind of apps u use.
I confidently suggest this phone :-) 
 Ordered the product on flipkart and to my surprise, got this delivered the next day. The product is good and value for money. 
Initially had some problem in wifi reception. Took it to the Lenovo service center in Jaipur. He has reinstalled a couple of softwares and gave the phone back in a few hrs time. Post that, all good.. 
 Worth the price .Only Miss is the 16gb storage of others in place of its 8gb and its 1.7ghz processor in place of its 1.5ghz. Camera is just OK. Ease of use and handling is Excellent and best in its category. Backup with full use (mobile data on ,whatsapp,FB,Email and gaming ) is for 10 hours. But The battery saver mode is excellent.Whole day use and loss of just 10 -15%. 
 I had purchase a 7000 in May 2015.
over all its ok ok product
cons
 1 youtube is not working properly and shows error but in other device with same wifi same video will work good
 2 gmail not working properly 
 3 right side touch are not working some time
pros 
 1 good battery life 
 2 price 
 3 over all good performance 
 Very sad specially after making such good laptops, you make very sad phones. 
One suggestion to Lenovo - Make a smart phone with 4.25 inches screen size - 3 GB RAM - 8 GB internal memory - 64 GB expandable memory - 4000 MAH removable battery - 2.4 ghz speed - 810 processor - 21 pixel & 8 pixel camera with good camera features. Let it be bulky - its ok. Just do it. It will be a hit. 
 when we start the the wifi it start buferring just like start and off and sometime the wifi network got not in range and youtube not working properly whne the network connected the an error ocuured shown in the phone after the updation also and dont do so many update in a7000 mobile  
 Dear Friends, 
I have purchased this mobile with so much expectation, but I am wrong.
I have purchased it, on First Day, When I have received the Item, the Front Camera was very bad, Updated the Software till remains the same problem.Then I have complained and Replaced the Mobile. 
Those who Like to Music, Movie they will not Satisfied. Provided Headphone is very low quality, you have to purchase separately another one. Mobile in-build sound is very much low with compare to other phone. 
My Ringtone Volume automatically decreases. 
Some times My Friends can't reach me Over the Phone, There is some connection Problem. 
Looks is good. 
After Sales Service is very Bad.
After using three month My Touch Screen, Back Button is Not working.
I have submitted to Service Center. 
After 12 Days Service Center saying that we have ordered the Parts to Lenovo Company, but still we have not received the parts and we don't know when we will get the same. 
So friends don't go for it. 
 Good budget phone. Nice camera and flash light. Also android version is latest and functions well. Very very light phone.
Cons:
1. Heats up (SAR is high remember)
2. Speaker is okay quality being described dolby atmos so not as per expectation
3. Only 1 GB ram is user utilizable other is by OS
4. No accessories come with this phone
5. Fast charging is only through travel charger, which does not come with the phone 
 Very light weight and user friendly mobile in this price. Always recommend this item. Its having tow modes called Open Mode and Secure Mode which is having its own settings and features. 
 The phone is very high quality will all its features. In 4G it has some heat problem but other things are quite good. 
 I am using this phone from last 7 Months and phone is one of the best phones under 10000 Slot , Everything about phone is excellent , Be it's RAM , Camera and other Specs ! Lenovo is best 
 Great Phone..After Nokia Old Phone's excellent battery back up , Only Lenovo Gives same type of 
battery back up under Lollipop platform...which is undoubtedly superb...Hats off..... 
 I used this phone for more than 3 months that its the best phone under RS.10,000. Made for hardcore gamers. Amazing display.Superb speaker quality,but the back camera is not so good.Still its good because no phone is a perfect one. 
 Phone performance is awesome , just the problem is the lack of 16 gb internal & gorilla glass protection other wise the phone is the best phone in this price range 
 Excellent, nice, vfm all are correct for this phone. Using is from last 3 months and really satisfied with the performance. 
 One of the HOPELESS and China phone.
Touch Screen quality is very third class. I am using since last 2 months & in services station 20 days (3 times for the touch screen issue). every time they just replaced the touch screen and returned it after 10 days, and again I am facing the same issue in 10 days. 
also Camera quality is not good. Other Problem is Overheat and rebooting.  
 No SATISFACTION,,,, No Proper Battery Back, Not gud software,, Hurdles in CALLS,DISTRACTIONS...
No proper service and customer relation ship management was the worst. I didn't had faced before while i was taking other company phones. 
CALLS WHILE GET DISCONNECTED AUTOMATICALLY, battery back up slow .. getting full charging for battery is life achievement 
 pros
-good battery backup
-display is good
-sleek design
-multitasking 
cons
-camera, but good considering the price 
 Lenovo A7000 is a Good phone even the camera clarity also good. battery back up also Good. 
Font camera also very good quality. 
 evrything is fine , crystal clear
no lags
no strucking much
but very sensitive to water be careful
os taking almost 3.3 gb of memory in given 8gb, so think about memory
and sound is a bit low 
 Do not try your luck. If you are buying this phone 
be ready for defect in touch screen.
No red eye correction in this camera.
Week usb port 
 Poor camera quality ..poor screen quality screen has been damage by service centre.. after having so much disputed they didnt help.. 
 i am using this mobile since 3 months,and my experience about the mobile is neutral.  
1. display is great ,can watch hd videos and movies with great colour and resolution
2. touch is good.
3. front camera is better than the rear.Pictures with the Rear camera are just ok,colour is less,resolution is low and has less zoom
4. battrey backup is execellent in starting month but later on quitely reduced but it is good.for normal use it will come 1 and1/2 day,for continuously watching videos it will come 7-8 hours.and for continuous gaming approx 4 hours. 
5.with 2gb ram ,multitasking is good,and can play high end games with good graphics,but sometimes processing is slow.
6. the body of the mobile is delicate,when it dropped from 1 meter it malfunctioned for some time(like not respond to touch,misbehave unnecessary touchs)
 7. sound is low but with dolby it is good .
8. internal memory is only 3.9gb it is low
9. in recent, sometimes processing is slow,it is responding slowly.
10. no heating problem,it is common to get quite heated when high end games are played 
over all for this cost it is just right... 
 I am using this model from quiet a sometime now. Its performing excellently,its only drawback is the sound system which is not that great which I have experienced from other handsets.Camera works great on daytime,its not that heavy,battery life is good.Overall, its worth purchasing this handset. 
Also thankful to flipkart, for their prompt delivery. 
 i have purchase this mobile last 4 month but now a days i am geting always different type of issue all sharing apps are not working i am not happy for this product 
 Worst phone ever. touch screen malfunctioned within a month of purchase,took to service station and got repaired.and now the phone doesn't turn on.plastics which was used in the phone also very poor.dont get cheated by buying this product Insted go for redmi which is even cheaper than this and works better. 
 Very smooth and crisp. Does not lag at all. I have tried playing games for 1-2 hours at a stretch and it did not stutter. No Crashes yet. Although the Call volume is significantly low. You probably have to use a earphone most of the time to hear when you are outside.
Other than that it's solid phone with very impressive performance. Camera is decent both front and rear. Sound is loud and clear. But the best thing about it is silky smooth gaming. You should really buy the phone especially if you are Game freak. 
Good Bang for Bucks!!! 
 Best mobile for game under 10k..... 
Pros:light weight mobile,can handle high end games,value for money. 
cons:worst type of head phone,Heating problem,always 800-900 mb pre-occupaid. 
 Not a good experience with lenovo. This is first time I tried to use this brand and the display is gone bad within 2 months. 
 Using it from past 4months. It has started hanging and above all its touch is worst. touchscreen is not working now. Returned it to the service center for repair. And it was a headache to find out lenovo service center and to get it repaired . Lenovo customer service is very bad 
 if you are big time consumer of entertainment then don't go for those insanely priced flagships..HD display in 5.5' screen with best in class brightness level, watching a video is so pleasant in it. 2gb ram is more than enuf for any high-end games available in playstore. even dungeon hunter plays flawlessly without any frame drop or sluggishness.. buttery smooth interface (don't know its Lenovo or lollipop) but the end result is just pure awesome. But let me tell you after 30 mins of any game casual or high octane the interface will run drag a bit for 10-15 secs (a bit annoying) but not a complete let down. And this gaming also cuases battery to run down like waterfall, I mean 1 hour of Farmville and the battery is already red. and poor part the chipset is not fast charging compatible so it takes around 2-3 hrs for full charge. I literally visualize myself in those ads where people roam around with their chargers.
Here comes the worst part, the camera - front or back both are a big disappointment. so if u r expecting to take for some great shots please look elsewhere. this phone is just not meant for that. but me being a gamer more than a photographer or selfie hooked, its not a deal breaker for me.
Last point was atmos. it just isn't what is was advertised. the learning curve of the software is very steep and even after spending a good amount in it the bundled headsets are just not worth the shot. I used my jbl ones to get a clear understanding about it.
But despite these 2 the whole package in 8k is just awesome. 
All I am waiting for is something bad to happen to experience their customer service. lets c. 
 above 3 month complete without problem only 1 problem plz increase internal memory 8 GB to short and plz improve UI 
 rare cam is not good
low battery power & hanging sometimes unexpectly
front cam is good regarding clarity
quick snap is good
sometimes wi fi is not working 
 really this phone is amazing.
really if u have bought the same config. in htc it may have costed 22,0000 and in Samsung 2400. u cant compare this phone with any other phone 
 in 1st month its touch panel stopped working at left side, frequently hang, camera clearity not good, battery good 
 This is amazing and superb phone
battery backup is good near about 2 day
I like its display
Cons..
Only camera but not so bad 
 I am using this for last three months. The battery back-up is excellent. Photo is really very sharp. Display is nice. Only the sound quality is not so good as advertised. If we put the phone in full volume, listening song seems to be difficult in a crowd place. Dolby sound provision is there but it is not up to the mark. 
 Very good phone with reasonable price. I am using it since 3 months. No issue till date . Awesome device. Speed, Camera , touch is good. Just go for it guys. Thanks 
 i have purchased lenovo a7000 for 9000/-rs on 18 july 2015, i have used it for 2 month   
Details:- this phone is awosome for those hu want to by under 10,000 Rs.
 as every thing which exist on earth has some advantage and disadvantage so let me tell u 
#advantage#  
1- battery backup is great,one can use phone under data conection continuesly for 10-12 hours**** 
2- the handset will not get hang while operating high performance****** 
3- front and rear camera is great***** 
4- dolby sound quility is awosome to litsen clearity music***** 
5- screen response to touch is good**** 
6- graphic quality is good while playing games**** 
7- light weight which is main advantage to carry phone in your hand*** 
8- screen size 5.5 which is good for watching movies**** 
9- android lolipop 5.2 which is latest version **** 
10- slim which is 8.00mm 
#disadvantages# 
1- the battery takes 4-5 hours to charge full battery### 
2- back and front camera is imaginary camera which takes good photos under daylight ###  
3- backlight keys are not available under darkness### 
4- internal memory (ROM) 8GB witch is available 1.5 - 2 Gb only #### 
5- headphone are not to good to hear music... u have to by it ####  
i am sure that lenovo a7000 will not dissapoint UUUU 
 i 'll give a complete review after one month of use.
As of now its working good.
Good battery life (power saving mode is better than that i have on my Lenovo S920)
Good build quality.
Good touch response. 
 I am using since May 2015, working is good but sound quality is not acceptable for this phone because it is in poor quality.  
Phone is good except heating probelm:
the only drawback is , phone getting too much heat after charging and played a game about 10 mins 
 This mobile is very poor in performance. I bought this phone and after 3 months my phone stopped working. I was unable to switch on. I have given to an authorized service center in Bangalore. I given to my phone before 16 days and till no update. Whenever I asked for status they are telling they are waiting for parts. I have tried to contact Lenovo care and call is not going. Tried Lenovo chat support, they are saying no chart support available for this product. Very bad experience from Lenovo. 
 i use this phone last two months. till now no issues . really good phone, light weight, good battery, better display. 
i suggest this phone. 
 This is not a phone it is a heater. I buy this phone and whenever i used net it got heat.
Very Bad experience. 
 its a good device . i'm used this phone almost one month no problems detected . some times overheating when i play the high memory games that's the only problem to say. 
 this is great budget phone without any trouble after two month of using well satisfied. thank for flipkart and lenovo for great product. 
 product is good. but has network problem and net is disconnecting frequently.
body quality poor. screen is good.price is ok. internal memory not sufficient 
 I purchased this mobile in June 2015, it is a really fast phone for the price scoring 42000+ in antutu benchmark out scoring the Mi4 and on par with oneplus one, it also received many software updates which is great, but since the last update, the touch wont respond whenever the device gets heated up and when the ram usage is high, after rolling back the update to S136, the problem still remains, which means that the software update damaged the touch digitizer or the screen, so i contacted lenovo customer support last week and they havent replied to me yet.. its one of the worst customer service i have seen for a long time.. do not buy this phone as many others also have this problem with the phone and lenovo is keeping quiet about it 
 Low ear piece & speaker volume.......
I ma using single simcard.  
I am ok....ok...... 
For one year .....i recommend....... 
after that performance...... i dought.... 
 Product feature is good, only heating problem.
Panorama portion of camera is not so good.
Better for selfie. 
 very gud mobile............simple to handle with awesome features im verry happy with this mobi;le and camera is also so gud ........................................................................................................... 
 have purchased it around couple of months back from Flipkart and i didn't regret it.
Using it for past months and the usage is good. Thankful to Flipkart for such service. 
 Very good phone with reasonable price. 
I am using it since 6 months. 
No issue till date except some time touch is not working as expected I don't know if this is a problem of hardware or toughened glass I am using. 
Thanks 
 this phone become too hot when I start talking and even while using blutooth. and other wise phone is good. so people those who want to spend less and use all the latest facility in mobile . they can buy it. but only heating issue. 
 I like to thank flipkart for making buying experiences so smooth and fast. Thanks you.
The product is value for money and worth to spent on it. i think more value for money. 
 Don't buy this product. There are issues with volume, voice tone and quality. In addition this phone also tends to hang quite often. I purchased this phone from flipkart. 
I reported the problem to flipkart within three days, but it took 11-12 days for the company to decide to replace the phone. The new piece sent by the company also suffered from the same problems which were again reported back within 24 hr's. However with great difficulty I was able to convince their customer care that there seems to be a design fault in the phone and I want my money. 
Fortunately in about after six days I got my refunded. 
The hassles and the experience of purchasing online there after the associated problems in convincing the company that the product is not of the requisite quality has resulted in lot of wastage of time as some times you had to wait for whole to receive their customer care call, This has completely shaken my confidence in these online selling companies. 
In the end I will only say that i would have given zero to this phone had there been an option for. I will not recommend the purchase of this phone 
 i purchased this mobile on 22.04.2015 after 3 months this is in service center due to board problem.i used this mobile with safety but how this is broke down i m feeling sad 
 No video call, Phone is Hanging, Heating problem, Storage capacity is less so can't install more app 
 This was my first smartphine and with much excitement purchased it. After using it for 5 months following is my review: 
1) specificationwise ph looks good, like 2 gb ram, 8 gb rom, front and rear camers of 8 and 5 MP respectively. 
2) However, after purchasing the ph you start receiving few firmware updates, which range between 20 MB to 50 MB. like this there would be many updates for every month or so. With these many updates, there is every possibility that, OS itself would eat out much of your ROM and you would not be left with much space for installing apps. Lenovo should have thought about this and would have released ROM with size of 16 GB. this is defect number one. 
3) Secondly, there are few firmware updates which would snatch away some features of the phone. Like, in my case, after applying an update, Wi-Fi in the ph has stopped working. even reverting to factory settings did not yield the success. Now I am left with a dumb phone which does not connects to Wi-Fi. 
Since above two are major defects, which should have been taken care by Lenovo, which it did not, I would not recommend this phone. Just hyping great specifications at lower cost (Rs 9000) does not guarntee that phone would work as expected. 
Again at current price of 10000, really not worth to buy it..... 
 Phone is good. 
I have installed 2 GB game on my cell but working flawlessly 
Unhappy
Not a good Camera in poor light. 
 SCREEN RESOLUTION IS LITTLE DULL ,REST OF ALL FEATURES IS AWESOME.CAMERA IS AWESOME.2GB RAM IS VERY GOOD OF THIS PRODUCT.NO HANGING NO TECHNICAL ISSUES .OVER ALL ITS THE BEST PRODUCT FROM LENOVO.
PRICE INCREASED RECENTLY BECOZ TO PROMOTE K3 NOTE.OTHER WISE THE PRODUCT COMES FOR 8999 ONLY. 
 I have been using this device since last 3-4 months. Awesome device. Speed, Camera , touch is good. There is no lag. 
Just go for it guys. 
 very good working .. I loved this phone it sound quality is good it is slim good looking not heavy weight camera is nice front camera is nice with features like blink play and hand shake capture touch is working good u should go for it and did not read positive reviews there is no touch problem design is also nice and best is battery..Don't be cofised , if u wish to buy a phone in 8-9 k then go with lenovo a7000. I have been using this phone for six month and there is no problem  till present. 
 This phone is very good for its price. It is very fast to use multiple applications at a time. Works cool for streaming videos from internet. However the camera software is not so good. You will have to keep your phone still for 2 to 3 seconds after you click a photo and that is very annoying. Picture quality is great though. 
 phone is working good. no problems whatsoever. however lack of premiumness is somewhat strongly felt. 
 IT IS GOOD ANDROID PHONE, BUT IT DONT HAVE VIDEO CALLIN FACILITY. SO I AM GIVING FOUR STAR 
 Ph
Pros:
1.vibrant screen
2.performance(lag free)
3.best in class camera (outdoors) 
Cons:
Heats up when heavy games are played 
Don't mistake me every smartphone heats up.
I wrote this con as there was nothing to mention 
If you're looking for an all rounder mobile in your daily life 
Then this A7000 suits you perfect. 
Note: I rated 1star because you would be searching negative and low rating so only..
Lenovo rocks  
 Flipkart always provides the best service and even the phone is quite good.No lagging or overheating issue like said in the reviews and quite good performance while playing asphalt airborne even for hours. 
 Got a good phone.. had defective camera, took 7 days to replace. 
After 3 months use, right now i am facing issues with touch sensitivity and audio quality with a headphone..  
Otherwise nice phone to have.. very useful interms of its configuration and performance. 
 speed is not gud as shown in specification.hang problm. glass broken after some use............................ 
 After using this phone for two months I am writing this review. This phone is heating like any thing while charging and while surfing internet, battery also drying out very quickly, friends my suggestion is for you don't buy this phone because lenovo phones emits a lot of radiation which damage our health. 
 Hi am srikanth mobile is good screen size but Back camera not good clarity and out speaker volume very low. 
 All i can say about this is this would be one of the best phone in its price range. Nice features and regular updates. 
 I am liking it, though sound is bit of a problem ( i am not able to hear the phone ringing) if the dolby button is not activated, otherwise, its a value for money phone. 
 I have been using lenovo a7000 for the past 3 months and I am quite satisfied with its performance.
The camera(primary and secondary both) is good. Since the phone has an octa core processor(1.5GHz),multitasking can be easily performed without any lags.
If you are looking for a phone below 10000/- I would suggest that you go for lenovo a7000 
 -Good Phone.
-30 - 40 hours of battery backup on normal operation.
-Great performance - Plays 4k video without any lag in MX player.
-Dolby atmos sound is perfect on any earphone above Rs.600 or so.
-A bit trouble in user interface. Some times Camera opens up automatically. 
-Great flipkart service.
Replaced my phone with ease. Previous A7000 had issues and caused severe headache for just 2 - 3 mins of calling.
Fully satisfied flipkart customer.
This sums up to my Rs.98000 of shopping from flipkart.com  
 low internal space it is the main mistaken by maker. some times to late the camera is also not bad.but good flash. 
 Very good camera. sound quality also good . light weight like a plastic mobile. 2 micro sim card working fine. 
 I found this phone quite handy. Performance is very good in all area. Power management is very good, so even if the battery goes down fast during heavy use it allows you to survive through ultimate power saver option. 
 My phone get heated when i use 3G service.This problem is also occurring in lenovo a6000 series.This phone is not a good choice since everyone want to catch up with the technology.
And this phone offers 4G technology only in words. 
 Best mobile at this prize...
Slim and low weight...well designed...
Nice and smooth display....no other hanging problems...
camera result was average but at this prize quite cool...
Amazing sound quality...no heating problems...
There are many useless apps and games but you can easily remove it....
internal storage is also good...
No other issue....charging is also enough for 1 day with maximum use....
Good to buy only drawback is camera result....otherwise best mobile at this prize.... 
 after 5 month user review.. a good mobile phone from lenovo...a good selfies with 5mp camera,8mp front cam,2gb ram....for big games videos also... 
 Gr8 Phone Ever Used
Its My First Android Phone, i used this phone 2 months
and its gr8...
Everything is gr8
must buy....... 
 A very good phone at this price, I have been using this phone for last 5 months, running smoothly without any issues. 
Pros
Good performance
Nice display
Good battery backup 
Cons
Camera 
 I have been using this product since 6 Months. I can say that it is working properly .Sometimes when use it continuously for 2 hours it getting stucked up. and phone will be hanged up.again i needs to restart. 
 I had used multiple phones before even the budget ones. This is the worst phone - I have ever used. DON'T waste your money on purchasing Lenovo A7000 
 Excellent product,Good quality images,sound,performance ,cheap business gadget...................................................... 
 i have use this product 
this is top rating product,no hanging, and no heating 
good feature into this phone
excellent ....... 
 After using of three month lenove A7000, i m facing hanging issue and sometime wifi connectivity issue . 
after many mail to lenovo Sevice . they are not able to provide good service . 
i think this not a good phone, just for acceptable ,
 battery backup is good. 
 However doesn't have the premium mobile look, but for very affordable smart phone. specs are unmatchable with any mobile in this price range. 
 so far I am using it, I happy with its camera feature and display, after my purchase my 4 friends have purchased it,its nice, but I have heard that this product is facing display problem, if so please remove the problem. 
 the phone gets heated in 1 voice call. scared to use this phone (all said and done a China phone which could burst?), none of your reviews had mentioned this heating issue. if the phone gets heated in 5 minutes how can I use this phone?. I use it only for Mobile Voice Call and Internet. for both the heat emanated is high. 
 -Look of Mobile = 10/10
-Feel / hold = 10/10
-user friendly = 10/10
-volume of ringtone = 10/10 ( some are very slow )
-UI lenoevo / Android lolipop = 10/10
-camera - pics taken inside room seems good... quality outside will be excellent i know - 9/10
-you can take pic by taping screen / blink/ waving hand / self timer / voice command say 'snap' or 'cheese' - picture is taken -----lovely uses of smart phone = 10/10
-Display quality ultimate with 5.5 screen size - this was the main reason I needed this phone - It had all best features in8999 /- Rs....easy to hold no problems. 10/10
-Video recording - full HD - 10/10
-RAM - from 2Gb .
-8 Gb ROM we get approx 4 GB.
- Charging takes time 2.30 - 3.00 hrs...ok for me..(use the other phones/Tab/Laptops)
No issues in charging - 
-Same as heating...yes it does feel warm some time soon and some time late but again no issues ----- leave it for sometime  
Many features of smartphone
-Smart click options in camera
-Turn phone upside down just to make it silent when call ringing
-Double Tap screen in lock mode to awake
-on lock screen make 'V' for camera ON
-on lock screen make 'O' for Google Chrome ON
-Best is INSTANT picture - when phone in lock mode - Just double click volume button- you get the pic instantly.  
 I recently purchase lenovo A7000 and facing issue with network.
Once network is gone then mobile needs to restart for getting mobile in network.  
 Display: the colours lose vigour when viewed at an angle; instead of displaying the natural colours.
Performance
offering consistently not good performance throughout review shown. The smartphone felt overburdened by the number of apps downloaded as well as the resources they consumed. The smartphone not handled all of the tasks without lag which i expect. 
Camera:The photos took using camera lacked detail and were pretty noisy, the level of grains in lowlight images was pretty high too. Even the colours, in bright daylight, lacked punch 
 not bad go for it . I got it for Rs.8100 with SBI card offer. Which is convenient for small budget...... Go for it good ....performance is awesome but MENU icons are embarrassing . Good battery, Good camera, Good touch 
 over all good.The earphone that i got is dont have that much expected quality.movie watching is awsome with Dolby atmos.try it. 
 While using Internet it getting heat upto 51 deg celcius heat which damages tissue of human body. Also its SAR value near to 1.44 (max allowed is 1.66). So please think before purchase this product 
 The very nice phone with all features...
This phone supports OTG (Tested)
Overall an Excellent phone, but in some departments the phone is very good 
 Did not cleared the apps for about a month but the phone never went slow. What more do you want?
Amazing Memory Management and a light launcher makes it pretty smooth!
It never hanged, nor ditched me when needed.
Although, minor Lags are found in Camera Startup, PlayStore's Download/Install Action, Plugged in to Charge, Connecting to a WIFI Network. (these lags last for a maximum of 2 secs), Interfacing Caller UI while playing a Game. 
Gets heated up only during Gaming(Under 2G Data Mode) and Charging. (this is quite normal) 
Default Battery Saver eliminates the use of other Battery Savers, and on thego drainage is pretty satisfying. 
To get the best, root this model because unrooted models can only use 1300MB of memory and 6 of the cores of the Processor. (i don't guarantee about the warranty policy :D though) 
Reviews Posted after 4 months of intense usage. 
 I am using this product from 6 months and its complete worth for money product. 
Pro's and con's 
============
1. Camera is clarity is good 
2. battery back is fine 
3. Handy and light weight device 
4. Look and feel is good  
Cons 
================
1. Default ringing volume is very less 
2. Audio quality is ok 
 A Complete Phone without any FLAW...
Must Buy for EACH & EVERY ONE... Lenovo has bring a Revolution in Mobile Industry...
As Such a Good Phone in such a Mouth Watering PRICE...
Configuration is UP TO THE MARK
Performance is ABOVE OVERALL... THUMBS UP... TO Lenovo A7000... 
 I bougtht this phone owing to the great specs as it may be called but am not satisfied at all with this phone....... this is where you lack the software &N HARDWARE integration........!!!! 
 that handset working awesome when i got but after that there is some issue starting when i start to operate that handset getting hangged , heating also but after that when i stop using that handset being normal that issue was resolved but there is major issue in that handset is left side touch is not working , when i restart that mobile 3-4 time after that touch is working ok ....
otherwise that handset is good looking good , screen size is 5.5 inches that is good , that handset looking awesome 
 Overall Good , Light Weight but their is no Hand Free in box. so i buy it from local market. ..................................................................................... 
 Cons:
Camera is a big let down. Really grainy pics. 
Voice quality is bad. Mic does not work well.
8GB internal memory is quite low and gets exhausted soon  
Pros:
No major heating issues.
Display is good.
Battery lasts a whole day easily
Frequent OS updates 
 VERY GOOD PHONE FOR IN THIS PRICE.GOOD CAMERA,GOOD DISPLAY CLARITY,GOOD PERFORMANCE.AND THE FRONT CAMERA IS AWSOME 
 very excellent cell phone in this price, and very strong and get excellent performance from this phone i am very happy from this phone lenovo A7000 this phone full file my every requirement 
 very nice product
good front back camera
its worth in this amount 
i need to purchase another one piece in near future 
 Pros
1. Display is awesome
2. Rock on with Dolby Atom Speakers 
3. Battery 2900mAH ( Fully charged phone 15 hours solid usage with moderate 3g use)
4. Lollipop OS
5. For a phone this big , the weight is deceptively low 
Cons
1. Its really not fair that A6000+ at 7.5k comes with 16GB memory and this one doesn't. 
The screen size can be construed either as an advantage or a disadvantage depending on the user. Some like to watch movies and play games on a big screen while others prefer small size bcoz of practicality.....   
 I bought this product, 3 months ago, and there are absolutely no problems while talking, playing games, watching videos or net surfing. 
Display- excellent, sound average(you will need to purchase a good qulaity headphone to tackle this) 
I liked this product so much, that I suggested and gifted this product to my niece also, she is also using it for last coupple of months, and is very happy. 
Just go for it. 
 I am writing this review after 2 month use--
Mobile heated during call and game
Plastic Back panel got too much scratches which showing my mobile older than an year
Screen got scratches whether keep this mobile into pocket
Battery drains in a single day whether i used it only for some calls and whatsapp
But one thing is good with this mobile that it never goes to hang 
So before purchasing please ready to face above issues. 
regards 
 I've bought this phone on the first sale on which 30,000 units sold out in 3 sec......
my review is this phone is simply a beast at this cost.....
don't waste your time & money on other phones at this range...
just go for it....!!!! 
 the phone is very good in this price slot. battery performance is very impressive on 3g. the phone is light weighted and easy to carry. 
 only 1 thing bad about this phone is primary camera suck in low light.....only primary secondary is good 
 Performance is good
Build Quality is good
Super Light Weight
Touch is great
Call and Internet Quality is good
The only problem with Lenovo is they keep launching new phones so frequently that nobody is able to keep up with its accessories 
 Worst sensitivity and hanging.
Bought lenovo A7000 phone 2.5 months back, for the first piece battery problem some how got exchanged. Even with the exchanged new phone I am facing many problems like auto sensitivity & hanging problems etc.. When I try to open any of the application it itself auto functioning, to over come this I need to off the mobile couple of times. 
Even to write riview also waste of time, but I want alert other buyers to never buy this. 
 Very nice phone within the budget,good performance with 2GB Ram,Good camera quality slim better than yuphoria 
 Before beginning, I wanted to state that I am providing a candid & genuine feedback that are relevant and unbiased, to help all the people out there to make an candid and well informed decision. The phone is worth its money. There are a few pros and cons that I have observed after using the phone for over 2 months now.  
PROS: 
1) The display and the viewing angle is just too good. Great display for the price. 178 Degree Viewing Angles, 5-point Multi-touch, IPS Display.
2) The phone is pretty light-weight, just 140 g, and a pretty slim pone, i.e., just 7.99 mm thin.
3) Larger screen (5.5 Inches).
4) Very good battery life - Li-Ion, 2900 mAh. Talk time of - 39 hrs (2G), 16 hrs (3G). 
Standby time - 264 hrs (2G), 264 hrs (3G)
5) It has both 3G and 4G, so the spectrum of operating frequency is pretty wide. 
6) Comes with Android v5 (Lollipop), and useful preloaded apps. 
7) Has 'Secure Zone' where the apps can be customized and operate the phone in secure mode. We can toggle between both the normal and secure zone. 
8) Has got Bluetooth - v4 
9) Pretty good processor MediaTek MT6752m 64-Bit 1.5GHz True8Core 
10) Comes with 2 GB RAM, which not many phones offer for this price. 
CONS:
1) Camera is definitely not upto the mark, and the resulting picture quality leaves much to be desired. The images are blurred and fudged and passes as though it has been taken from a 2MP camera. For those of you wanting a good camera phone, this really may not be the one. 
2) This is an insignificant one. There are no backlight for the menu buttons on the phone, making it a little a little difficult to identify them in the dark. Thought this is a minimum feature a phone should have. 
3) The SAR value is a little too high. At the Head - 1.466 W/Kg, At the Body 1.114 W/Kg
4) The phone(Lenova) interface is just okay, and not that good as Samsung or other interface. 
5) This is manageable, but just wanted to explain my observation and experience. The memory can be expanded to only 32 GB (microSD). And internal memory is just 8 GB (user space - ~4GB). This can limit people who tend to install additional apps. 
 Best e-shopping website/app I've ever seen..?
i am happy with the lenovo mobile product i bought..as usual lenovo A-7000 is in top 10 list of mobiles..
customer support is also better but not the best ..
love shopping in flipkart...First Flpkart 
 In this phone we get 2 GB ram which allow heavy games to operate without hang. Its sleek design is very catchy. The selfie is of very goof quality. The sharpness of pictures from rear camera is top class. Battery is very powerful & easily operatable for 1-2 days with all function working. 
 i used this phone from three month, overall is good phone. Back camera is average & front camera is best. I used airtel 4G network internet speed is very fast. No hang during 3 month use. I recomanded for buying this phone. 
 BEST SMART PHONE CAMERA 4/5 SPEED 4.5/5 LOOK 4/5 SOUND 4.5/5 GOOD GO FOR IT ....... GRAB IT NOW HUURRY............. 
 I'm fed up with WLAN connectivity after the software upgrade, earphones are just ordinary one and Dolby atmos function doesn't work properly.... 
 its heat up like a hell not able to even attend call 
graphics is also not good ..
and camera is also just average ' 
 I have purchased this phone when its newly released by Lenovo on Flipkart.
Initially the phone looks good for use but after constant use you find its having some negative points.
Pros-
1.Lightweight
2.Handy, user friendly
3. Don't heat up after charged or during long calls
4. Best in Budget
Cons:-
1. Camera needs Improvement
2. lack of sound for speakers
3.Internal memory is less 
4. Low quality of plastic material used for phone build
5. No HD display 
Overall good 3 stars from my side. 
 Lenovo A7000 is a boom on budget phones. I gave 4 stars because of its comes under budget phone
It has a long lasting battery backup. We can watch 4 hours movie with 100% of charge.
Front camera gives high quality picture than rear camera.
But there is only one problem is heating Issue. while using this phone in 4G mode, and playing high graphic games, temperature rise too high. 
They need to find alternate solution for this issue.. 
 After using this for about 2 months, I'm writing this review: 
This phone is awesome under its price range because its giving a lot more than expected under specs section.
Phone is working smoothly (Multiple apps can be opened)
Games are going fantastic ( high end graphics games are also playable(GTA, MC X, etc))
Camera is good But not the best.
Battery is awesome (Last long for a Day)
Touch is Good (Sometime the touch responses become weak, generally when i do late night talks :P )  
The biggest problem HEATING  
On the time of charging, it charges so fastly, but its charger get heated and the phone too.
If a call rings and your phone is charging from past 30 min, then its totally impossible to pick that phone and talk, coz it will be heating too much from upper portion.  
Im not saying its a bad phone, but heating is a big issue, you can use FLIP COVER to avoid the heating problem. 
P.S - Everything else is just awesome about this phone 
 Good phone at this price. Never hanged..video quality is amazing n camera performance is too good.
Unfortunately, I lost it......................!!!!! 
 an awesome budget phone with all the features packed in it with an power full punch and its front camera is brilliantly aewsome and back camera is not so it's processor make us to play games with high end graphics like deer hunt and many more games it gives us very speed with its 2 gb of ram i suggest you to buy this product 
 Best phone in this price range, the phones design is perfect. No lags experienced by me,everything is running smooth. The phones display is awesome and HD. Call quality is perfect.Battery backup is also pretty good. 
 Lenovo A7000 NICE PHONE FOR WHO WANTS LOW BUDGET MOBILE PHONE, FUNCTION ARE GOOD AND CAMERA CLARITY ALSO GOOD, 
 Whithin two month of purchage charging issue appeared..like it not getting charged by charger even it is not detecting the charger, but any how it can be charged while on switch off mode, so every time I have to switch it off to get it charge..
.what are you doing team lenovo..it was not supposed to from you guyes ..while other chinies phones like MI doing better in less price........wake up otherwise.... 
 Good product and good service by flipkart.I had touch problem.but flipkart has provide me service properly.thanks to flipkart 
 good product lenova A7000 4g smart phone it works fast, good video clarity net speed and big screen It's always better 