
 lenovo a1000 is really a good low budget phone..specially for android beginners i ordered this phone for my father . 
its medium size lets u to operate it with one hand easily. touch is smooth, camera is ok( coz its only 5mp) . front camera is not good coz its 0.3 but ok for skype .
battery backup is a whole day with 1-2 hours of data usage and with normal calls,,
ram is 1gb with 1.3 quad core so it will not disappoint u. i installed many apps and games..  
you can go blindly for it if u are an android beginner nd want a decent phone of medium size. 
the only problem i found is lenovo android phone dont provide u a start menu.. all the apps nd every thing will be in ur home or adjacent screen.. similar problem is with lenovo a6000 
but it can be managed by installing a launcher application..  
so overall a good nd decent phone .it will not disappoint u at 4400 with a lenovo tag !!! 
 Though it has just 2050 mah battery,but it gives good battery backup whatsoever even after installing lots of apps including HD games.
Even after playing high end games continuosly.
With Moderate Usage u will definately get 1 day backup for sure. 
According to the price range it is the best smartphone with all complete basic requirements...!!!  
Cons:
Camera 
 This is a basic smartphone and perfect for first time users.
Have been using it for 2 months now and I am pretty satisfied with it. 
Pros:
Good rear camera. Clicks sharp images. 
Fast processing though it lags sometimes.
Basic games run decently. Haven't played high end games.
Perfect size, easy to hold.
Amazing flash. 
Cons:
Battery backup is average.
Poor front facing camera.
Brightness of screen is not that high and one would face problems in sunny days. 
Thats pretty much it. 
 Thanks very much, I was searching for last 15 days for a mobile under 4000/-. my sister disturbed me again & again that order a mobile under this range.. than while searching here I found this and Ordered quickly.......
its very good phone under this price, I could not believe when I read 1GB RAM, 8GB Storage, 5MP Camera, and a Surprice that there is a Flash also!!! and Now She is very Happy......... 
 It was worst experience which i faced with this mobile phone, camera quality worst, touch screen worst, sound quality worst. This phone hanged at very short interval. In short total waste of money. 
 it is very normal and quite a good phone at this price...........otherwise its not bad............u may buy it 
 Please reply as soon as possible. I will buy this product. Is the Charger is not in the Box?
As per the details given here charger has not mentioned. 
 Sound is so slow that it is not audiable. Unnecessarryly i bought it.iDO NOT WANT TO KEEP IT BECAUSE OF SOUND. PLEASE REPLACE IT .This is not so good as i thought. 
 Let your personality shine through, but it's equally important to provide facts to back up your opinion. 
 Pros: 
1. Being a budget phone, it gives you all possible features at a satisfactory quality level.
2. Main camera is good in daylight.
3. Good quality of wifi connection.
Cons:
1. Heating: Battery gets overheated very quickly and drainage is also very fast.
2. Display quality is not up to the mark. 
Verdict from my end: At this price range, you can not expect much better phone than this. 
 Awesome mobile phone in such price looked it very much...... 
 Small dot on the screen at the bottom right, only visible on light colour on the screen, for dark and black colour we cant view 
 Nice mobile phone lenove A1000
Well battry backup & good 
 Nice phone in this price range.. Flipkart delivery too is very good. 
 Budget phone with large features...thank you flipkart.......  
 Good product in this price range. Must buy.battery backup is best 
 Nice phone.. No problems so far. Great battery backup. Loved this phone. 
 Got the phone on time. Good specification for this price range. Specially a small phone   
 nice small phone nice price and good working................. 
 This mobile features good. And fitted exactly to my requirements. Am happy using it. Value for money product. 
 Medium Configuration. Not at all trustworthiness in product. 
 i have used this very nic in betery backup and 1 gb ram makes phon smoother but camera quality is not good much pls improve this phone 
 its performance is good but it s aux jack is not working and for that i had to go to service center flip kart please mke sure that u gve everyone a product which is all ok  
 The phone specifications looks good but has a lot of issues:
- battery is really really bad, the number sometimes skip and drains really fast
- the proximity sensor was not works as well
- the keypad is really small and hard to use for slightly elder people 
Returned the product mainly due to battery drain of about 10% per cal for 5-10 min. 
 Great phone with great features, one heck of a phone in such a small budget. 
 Worst phone ever. people don't buy this phone. Good for nothing.very disappointed. 
 My brother liked it very much. features are worth for the price, little thick to hold in hand, camera works good, No screen guard, over all it good. 
 Very gud phone at this price.Battery backup is very gud than another budget smartphone.Camera of this phone is blurry when we zoom pictures,but its flash is powerful.Little heat issue.Otherwise it is an awesome smartphone. 
 I would suggest to buy this phone with this cheaper price.Looks good with this price. Price wise quality is fine. 
 the mobile is value for money. Lenovo rocks. works fine. features as mentioned in the site. thanks flipkart 
 i think this is a good mobile for this price.i ordered this ! i want to know more about this from lenovo users.This mobile is looking gud 
 Very good phone at this price, highly satisfied with the performance and features of this phone. Battery backup is good too. 
 last Six months onward i'm using, pretty good product, it's for meddle age group people, they can easily understand.. 
 Lenovo A1000 _ as per budget its fine enough smart mobile phone. Low budget buyer can short listed this phone while planning. 
 This is the best smartphone in the budget...I shall suggest all to buy this smartphone.. 
 LENOVO A1000 PHONE QUALITY IS GOOD.TUCH IS VERY SMOOTH.BATTARY BACKUP GOOD.CAMERA IS NOT BAD BUT FRONT CAMERA IS POOR .FLIPCART DELIVERY AND PACKING IS VERY BEST. 
 LOKENDRA SINGH TALAN 
 best mobile . fast delivery by flipkart 
1 touch is good
2 camera is good
3 sound is good
4 headphone is good 
 first of all i would like to say flipkart is the best destiation for shopping. first piece of this product was having problem in its battery so.. they replaced it. but the 2nd piece is not so satisfying in battery capacity
its very nice for the users which are new for android and smrtphones
camera 3/5
battery3/5
looks3/5
display3/5
im using it for more than 20 days no hang and heating issues
but the battery capacity should be more as it needs to be charged 2 times or more in a day. 
 good service thxs to flipkart.lenovo a1000 decent performance but heats up and front cam a little less than expected.overall good. 
 This phone is good for beginners especially for old people.I purchased one for my mother and one for my father.So far i am satisfied with this product. 
Best quality and featured phone at this price. 
 This is a very good phone in this prize range. No lags, normal battery life, normal camera and very nice for normal gaming. 
 Purchased this mobile last week. Parwaledu konachu o mosthariga chusthe bane undi. Good mobile for this cost. 
 It was really amazing experience with flipkart service very fast and product is too good in affordable price .I must say flipkart is the best way to online shopping. 
 Ok for this price. The mobile is good for under this price. Would recommend as the budget phone. Battery is Good and only thing is about the camera i am worried about. only 0.3 mp front camera. 
 this phone is the best one in this price range, 1 gb ram ensure smooth and fast operation, lenovo is good brand and providing good quality mobile in affordable price range. 
 Good looking and Compact with latest android 5.Nice Battery Backup.Overall a good phone for normal use. 
 i bought lenovo a1000. excellent product. love it. but it should have a good manual for starters of smart phone. the battery finishes fast. 
 Good phone...nice to use. But the front camera is not too good. 
 lenovo A1000 is a awesome little wonder using since 2 months, delighted and its enriched & ease my life.. please blindly buy it without second thought ...
camera is slightly poor.. ... remaining all features and functions are ease your work... 
 product is very good as price so i suggest to buy this product who want to buy in low price good android phone 
 this phone is the best i buyed it for my sister as gift she was very happy to see this phone where as it worked very well with her and saved me from paying 10000 for any other phone,thank u flipkart  
 Really, A Nice Budget Phone from Lenovo. 
If some one's thinking for buy a low budget mobile phone, then blindly go for this. 
Its a very good phone, having good features, available at decent price range under 5000.
I have ordered this phone In-A - Day Delivery, and surprisingly its absolute fast delivered.
I am really fond of Android phones, presently i am using Samsung S6 Edge, Iphone 6S plus, Moto X Turbo, L.G Nexus 7. So, thinking about low budget phone, absolute Lenovo A1000 makes me smile Lol......I have gifted this Lenovo A1000 to my Girlfriend, And she is extremely happy with that and promise me to marry. So, this Lenovo mobile is a god gifted for me. And that is why I am giving 5 Star of 5 Star.  
And Strongly recommend for user to buy !!!!!! 
 very good phone, has good features available at decent price range. Quite easy to use and delivery was done before promised date. 
 really something better than nyhing in just 5000!!!!!!!!I HAVE DECIDED TO BUY IT NOW .
IT HAS 1 GB RAM WOOOOO! with front cam aloso too gud 
 Good service thank you. And handset is also nice compare to price. 
 Really a good mobile on this price. Working smooth and fast...Everyone should go for this under this price. 
 hi all, i have bought this set but as per reviews i am expecting a good response from the set. 
lets hope for the best. 
ASHISH BHAT 
 The phone is excellent.good buy for money.rear camera quality is ok,front camera low.nice touch screen..battery back up is good.good sound quality.overall the phone is very nice in this budget.love it 
 VERY GOOD MOBILE. BATTERY BACK UP IS GOOD. TOUCH IS O.K. FRONT CAMERA 0.3 MP SO PICTURE CLARITY IS NOT CLEAR. OVERALL O.K. GO FOR AHEAD. DUAL SIM NOT MICRO ONLY NORMAL SIMS. PHONE WEIGHT IS HEAVY. I THINK IF UPGRADE THE LENOVO A369i MOBILE WITH THIS FEATURES. 
 I purchased This 3 days back when i started using this,battery is getting drained after 1 hr and heating nu-necessarily so not able to talk either.Even after applied for return no one from flipkart team responding,same thing happened last year where i was unable to return my headset of Rs 500..But now its for 4.5k .........Really disappointed of this......As I am a frequent buyer from this site ............................ 
 sound is low
Heating problem
Hang
full problems.......................................
worst product from lenovo............... 
 Got this mobile 2 weeks before. The main issue found is without any usage its getting drained off and not used so far due to this issue. 
 this phone is totally. waste.................ppz....mplz.........do not buy..........flipkart delivery is too late.........and give m product fake.... 
 Battery Back-up is horrible. The seller should check and test the parts before sending products.  
 lenovo symbol does'nt appear on the front side of the phone and as described it doesn't contain mini sim.phone was good.problem is only symbol and description. 
 Good one happy to have this phone thanks to flipkart for fast delivery 
 good phone phone in budget and good looking phone thanks..... 
 For this price,this phone is best........................... 
 Delivery time is worst. 
Need to update on deliver time.
For one product they took more than 15 days 
 Battery is hopeless especially when we are on internet. For internet users it is a NO NO phone. Camera too isn't up to standard. 
 good ............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... 
 Average phone not much good but not bad OK OK display and camera very poor 
 I ordered this mobile before 45 days.I started using it before 1month & withing 1month mobile got damaged.Mobile repairing shopkeeper is not able to repair it he is saying return it to the seller.  
I am expecting help from flipkart now lets see. 
 battery back up very wost, sound but not clear,network very very wost but iam not satifiet 
my time waste 
 1) SIM slot is so much confusing.
2) Internet is switched automatically from SIM1 to SIM2 so your SIM2 balance is deducted.
3) This hand set is heated. 
 battery worst dnt buy iT........... 
NO REPLACEMENT AS WELL .... NOTHING GOES GOOD  
LENOVO WASTE DNT BUY IT FOREVER.... 
 Touch not gud ..
Battery bhi acche se nhi chlti ..
Plz don't purchase this...
Hanging problem bhi jyada h... 
 one of the worst phone in this product .camara is very bad,so please dont buy these phone.PAKA BILKUL BATTERY . 
 After using 3 months display was not working. I asked the service center they told its not covered under warranty, because your mobile have little crack with the corner. I think its not a real problem for the impact. Ill ready to pay but they ask me to wait for 2 months 
Need to give minus (-) ratings for this product. 
Totally disappointed with this product. 
 Worst delivery service by flipkart. They didn't call or sms. I have to check my order status again and again and suddenly it's shows that product can't he delivered as incomplete address although I mention address along with pin code and I already received a product from flipkart only last month on the same address. And on call flipkart agent were telling that they have no contact number or address of delivery partner i.e. e kart. 
 Worst battery standby
Hardly 3-4 hours when fully charged.
Cheap quality plastic used 
 Pros:
Good interface, handy phone, screen resolution looks good. 
Cons:
Even though the stand by time is mentioned is 288 hours, the fully charged battery hardly last for one day, without even making a single call and without touching the phone. 
 Just purchased Lenovo A1000 for my Mom, but very disappointed with the weak WiFi signal issue. Called Lenovo and customer service guy was unable to resolve the issue and directed me to Service center.
I tried updated the latest OS, but nothing helps. I was sceptical before purchase beacuase of performance, but my mom just uses WhatsApp through Wifi and signals are very weak as compare to other phones in my house. 
In fact cheap karbonn moblie display full strong wifi signals... 
 I placed order for the product and got it as usual, but it was not switching on. Tried to contact customer care, they asked me to contact the service centre.
Instead i asked for new piece and got it delivered within 2 days after the request !! (Appreciate Flipkart for the service provided). 
Phone is good for the money. Has got good features and works decent. 
 Its totally defective mobile phone.. I taken this phone its was problem of hardwear and battery and I returned it and taken another one same problem of both cel but when I try to return 2nd time that time flipkart people's irritated me for 4 or 5 days.. 
 Currently Flipkart making cheating with customer.
Delivered different product with wrong description on Flipkart site.
I am very disappointed with Flipkart services and not to prefer shoping again. 
 Don't Buy This phone. I have brought this phone After 5 days phone has dead. & not working . In Every Lenevo phone I found trouble That's why Never buy phone of Lenevo. I have face Two times problems to buy Lenevo Phone. 
 Excelent phone & same day delivery, Thank you Flipkart Excelent phone & same day delivery, Thank you Flipkart 
 Dear Sir/Madam 
I purchased Lenovo A1000 through flip kart, the handset is not at all working properly, ofetn it is hanging, and battery back is very very poor, and the calls are automatically connecting,it seems that it is damaged one, i request you take return my phone and refund the amount at earliest 
 i bought this product and found out that battery was heating very fast and charging was reducing at faster rate . even downloading was slow. i complaint about the product and call center executives were very helpful. i did not like the product but the services and help from flipkart was awesome. fast service and i am very delighted from all support from flipkart.   
 It's a decent mobile phone for its price range. It has nice specifications and a reasonable performance. 
 Gud for poor people who has not able to buy high end phone this is gud for them quality is gud 