
 Nice phone but I have brought this outside shop there it's price 11500 
 Good handset and easy to use. With the music system the manufacturer should have provided an earphone which should have given the best of listening pleasure than buying one from outside. 
 "LENOVO LENOVO7000 TURBO" AND "LENOVO A7000 TURBO" ARE THESE TWO DIFFERENT PHONES? WE TWO DIFFERENT PRICE ALSO.
SINCE I HAVE NOT EXPERINCE I CAN NOT GIVE RATINGS.  
 DELIVERY TIME: Took 9 days to deliver.
OVERALL PERFORMANCE: EXCELLENT
BATTERY: NORMAL/ At least 4000mah battery is required for this config
HEATING: Heats while playing games
REST will be updated after a week 
 Highly recommended phone 
best gaming performance
good battery life 
4g compatible
good display
i am not expecting this phone from lenovo
slim design
but plastic
slippery 
 This to to inform you that day before yesterday, I have submitted a request of mobile return which was damage. so you please return this sets and give me a new set as soon as possible. 
 It's really a feature mobile . The sound quality is very good and good selfie phone. The battery backup is low as compared to usual & battery charging time is also more than usual 
 This phone is good but this is a heating machine , battery backup very worst and this has no earphone.  
 bcoz features not satisfied camparison price about asus zen fone max 
5000 mah battery and camera quality best 
 Superb phone, with great features, absolutely value for money, one thing I must say in flipkart's specifications it is mentioned that this phone has a dual core processor, which is wrong, it has 1.7Ghz octa core processor, please correct this wrong information. 
 Wrost phone ever in 10-11000 range 
Hang hang hang very big issue
New phone is hanging 
Heat heat 
Phone is heating 
Very slow charging 
Very slow charging when you using your phone 
Camera is ok type 
Phone is so slow 
So slow   
 Heating problem even on normal use.
After 2-3 calls it's getting heated like anything..
Even on data usage also same..
Heating machine!!
Already requested for refund.. Let's see Flipkart service and commitments regarding refund.. 