
 One word.....awesome
Meizu m2
*starting with merits
.720p display is crips??
.13mp back and 5 mp front???
.2GB RAM in this price is value for money
 No lag in normal and heavy use 
.Out of 16gb ROM 11gb is left to use
.flyme UI is superb
.LED Notification which is surprising??
.Weight of meizu m2 is light 
.Asasi dragon trail glass it is good as compare to corning gorila class
.Premium Design Looks Great On Hand.
.meizu has mtouch button which is both physical and capacitive in nature??
.3G, 4G connectivity
.Ergonomically Designed phone
.Material used is tough plastic
.Non??Removable battery which is hastle free
.Overall phone is 100% perfect 
*Ending with demerits 
 The disadvantage of meizu is there is limited in number of after sale service which is embrasing???
 I didnt found any problem with phone 
So there is no demerit for meizu m2 in my point of view  
CONCLUSION...
 In 7000 price no other brand is providing such feature smartphone till now.
I would recommend this phone those who are not brand sensitive
So go for it ....All the best ??
Last but not the least flipkart keep it up you deliverd the product on said Date???  
 I bought this phone in first sale.
1. Looks = This phone is look like i-Phone :) looks good but back is not good because camera placed in mid. Notification LED is also there. 8/10
2. Build = Build quality is very good except camera placement. Glass on camera can easily scratched if put on flat surface like floor, you have to take care of camera glass. 8/ 10
3. Performance = Performance is butter smooth while it has Mediatek MT6735 64bit processor. Graphics Performance is Also very smooth because it has Mali T720, 2 core 650mHz GPU. I played Real Racing 3 (2.98 GB all resources downloaded) and many other games like NFS MostWanted, Asphalt 8, The Walking Dead etc. 10/10
4. Display = Display has resolution of 1280*720 and its just awesome. Crisp clear display and brightness is also amazing, you easily operate the phone is very heavy sunlight. There are many off screen Gestures too. There is Dragon-Trail Protection too. 10/10
5. Battery = 2500mAh Sony ATL cell battery. This phone lasts 2-3 days if you use only calling in 2g mode without INTERNET usage. Lasts 1.5day with calling and normal messaging and whatsapp with 2g Internet. Lasts 1 day with moderate use with 3g. 10/10
6. Camera = 13MP! yup its 13mp. If you use camera to capture nature its good but for people you may not like it, with auto mode you capture someone's pic, definitely the person can be hurt easily because pics taken looks dull than original or original because there is no beauty mode and no-one wants to be look dull, Front camera is also great but same issue. You can make Slow-Motion Video too and quality is ultimate but the time limit is only 60seconds for Slow-Motion Video You can use third party camera app to get rid of these issue. 8/10
7. User Interface= Simply Awesome. Looks Good, feels good and make you feel batter. Customized UI is awesome. Use personalization app to apply many themes to looks even more better. There is only ONE button on this phone on front. Touch to "BACK", push to "HOME", Push and hold to "LOCK SCREEN" and for recent apps swipe up from bottom. 9.5/10
8. Sound = Sound from main speaker is decent. You can hear incoming call while in traffic but it depends on your ring tone ;). Sound output from headphones is also very good. If you use a good quality headphone than use direst HD Sound from default music app for incredible sound. 9/10
9.Connectivity = The Main purpose of mobile is calls, and you will never be disappoint in this feature while call quality is Awesome. Both SIM Card support 4G. 10/10
10. Memory = There is 16GB total ROM and you get 11.59GB Usable. 2GB Ram, On first boot you get 1.2GB Free out of 2GB. 9/10 
In the box. There is Mobile and a SIM Ejector Tool of Flyme Shape on top, Down there is White Charger and white Data cable and one another slot with a tag ' Earphone Not Included" 
There are something I don't Like about this phone
1st. Camera can be easily scratched. Camera must be on top left with a protective ring.
2nd. There are 3 network mode. 2G/3G/4G, ** 2G/3G, ** and 2G only, there must be 3G only Option because if network goes little down than automatically switch to 2G mode and this is embarrassing.
But overall this phone is simply awesome. Must buy this phone. ;) 
 Doesnt Looks Like a 13MP from any angle. My other Phones having 5 MP camera have the same quality. If you want a camera phone, dont buy this.  
>Other fetures are good at this price.
>Less User friendly User Interface, stock android is better than its flyme os.
>No Option for android update, you have to be stucked on the same version of the android for life time. 
 Battery Backup, Camera and Processor speed is Outstanding as compare to other phone in this price range. 
 Phone is good, and with latest update of Flyme 5 it is best in this price range. Performance, looks, built quality, Flyme OS (based on android) is plus points for this phone.  
Only problem I face is readability in sunlight should be better. 
 Product is Good by Speed and performance.  
Giving Problem when forward the massage to some one...it doesn't display the contacts.....very irritating sometime... 
Camera is SO SO...not 13 MP/ but good in this Price Category... 
 Very Good Product with good features.
Light in Weight
Handy
Elegant Look
Super Speed
Lot of space, no need of external storage 
 In this price under 7000 Not no1 but good one picture Quality just OK 
 Good mobile, excellent speed, decent camera and so many beta is upgrades 
 Nice and decent phone..a bit diffrnt UI but you get used to it after some time.. 
 Asthetics: 10/10 , gives a premium feel
Sturdiness: 6/10, chances to get scratc on screen. Tempered glass is a must. Save your phone from dropping else get a cover. Easy dents if falls
Performance: 6/10 not at par with phones in this price range. Slows down a bit. Text messeging horrible. 
Gaming: 6/10 Ok. I didn't play much games, asphalt hangs a bit
Battery: 7/10 lasts for a day with 5-6 hrs on call & net on for whole day. Casual usage
User interface: 7/10 some settings in chinese, no updates  
 SO this phone is just best at that low price.it has somewhat OK camera.the sound quality is good,most of all the 720p screen is perfect,it gives you a sharp images,the camera is most complicated,it takes good pics at manual mode than auto,front also best at manual mode,it has some other features like slo-mo,beauty mode etc.everything works great!!!.this phone is perfect in hand to hold with a back case,but without it its slippery,the touch is also good.the only propblem is the only thing THE HYBIRD SIM TRAY,1 sim nd sd card or 2 sims no card....not good,,,,;/.im using this since some weeks,no lag,no hangs,no problems with anything and the phone is slim to hold,a 5inch screen is good.the UI,build quality is just same as iphone's one;)...quick responses,good gestures too.call quality is also good.so but i recommend to use a google launcher for ease in use.flyme os is really complicated and hard to adopt for me.so google launcher works best!!!!.IT MADE ME REALLY AMAZED OF THIS LOW PRICE PHONE.jJUST AWESOME.if u want sme phone at this price asus for 10k nd meizu at 7k!!!so everything is good at this price with some decent specs over here.so i recommend this phone at this price.the gaming is decent not tht great as hell!.BUT AN AMAZING SPECS AT THIS PRICE!!!. 
 AWESOME.PEACE!$) 
 i'm using this phone and its about a month i guess and yes im impressed with the technology of meizu but moreover the flyme 4.5 os is something new and it resembles iphone upto some extent. it gives you a experience of a new way to use android.
i'm flettered by the looks of the phone. the phone is very light weight which is owsome coz when the phon is light in weight it attracts me.back side is very smooth and the overall 5" phone is very handy and easy to use just with one hand.
 talking about processor- 1.3 GHz ARM Cortex-A53 mediatek MT6735 64-bit Quad Core Processor works perfctly with 2 GB of RAM on first boot you got 1.1 gb of free RAM. next we come to GPU mali-T720 gives u a good performance on high graphics games like GTAsan andreas, yes this phone can run GTA san andreas on high graphics just switch the phone to performance mode and there you go.. this is the first phone(or may be the only) in 7k range that can run GTA in high graphics again the credit goes to the meizu.
now coming back.. talking about display- hd display with 1280*720 pixels and yes AGC dragontrail protective glass..YES DRAGONTRAIL.. the back camera lense is protected with gorilla glass 3...
(and let me tell you that dragontrail glass is more stronger than gorilla glass)....
now main part the camera-i just say that camera quality is descent.
one thing missing that i think should be included is the gyroscope sensor coz there is no gyro so this phone is not compatable to ANT-VR indian version (i dont know about global one)..
also it supports 4g network and has a hybrid tray so you can enter two sim cards or either enter a sim and a SD card. at last it is a good package and i think it is worth in 7k but yes needs work as usual coz we are indians we never settel down. 
 Good Look.
Good Sound Quality.
Camera is ok ok.
Very Light Weighted.
Heating Problem is There.
The ''Slide Up to Open Multi Task Bar'' is not as Comfortable as Other Android Smart Phones.
Need some Development on User Interface part.
Not Used to this Flyme OS. 
 This product is a worst one....
Dont buy anybody....
Dont waste your money....
This device is only good but is very cheap in quality... 
 don't buy this product, it is not soo good, i am using since last two months and it's main keypad is not working also it is automatically locking when we touch keypad, sound quality also not good, 
camera quality is ok and it can browse fast in wi-fi or data connection 
 Amazing smartphone at this price and it's flyme skin makes it different than other mobiles 
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------
Good phone with good build quality
nice and good back cover
awesome flyme UI
------------------------------------------------------------------------- 