I'm writing this review after 6 months of usage.Display:1. Crisp & clear.2. Full HD.3. Good color contrast.4. The brightness sensor is awesome, the auto brightness is just flawless, I mean i own an iPhone 6 as well & this one is at par with iPhone 6 when it comes to the auto brightness.Performance:1. Excellent & lag free performance for all the day to day tasks.2. Gaming performance is at par or above most of the budget phones. Since the GPU is not that great, the graphics on the high end game suffer a little.3. It does heat up a little while playing high end games, but not beyond acceptable limits.Battery:1. Have to admit that battery performance is truly phenomenal! It easily lasts the entire day with moderate to heavy usage on 4G N/W with some juice still left.2. Its not a fast charging battery & will not charge fast even on fast chargers, using fast chargers will in fact heat up the battery while charging.Ruggedness:1. Oh its rugged & I mean it! I've dropped it a many times from close to 3 to 4 ft heights & not a single scratch! It still performs flawlessly.Camera:1. The focus is very fast & accurate.2. Excellent performance in daylight & acceptable performance in low light & by acceptable here I mean better than the most budget phones!3. Have to mention the Manual mode here. Being an enthusiast photographer, I just loved playing with its Manual mode. Its not comparable to any DSLR but doesn't disappoints!OS:1. It runs on Flyme OS, & its truly brilliant!2. A no nonsense, bloatware free OS!I just loved the OS layout & simplicity!Final Verdict:If you're in market for a "do it all" budget phone which doesn't bites your pocket & still performs at par with many more expensive phones in the market, then just don't give it any further thought & buy this one. Believe me, it will never disappoint you.I bought it after reading good reviews of this phone.Look wise its good but I found some technical problem in this phone.First of all the media player can not detect any music from the memory card.Even the third party media palyers  are also not able to read music from the memory card.But the major problem I faced was couple of apps were automatically getting closed in back ground whenever I locked the phone.For example when I ran media player and locked the phone to run it in background it got automatically stopped.It's not happening only for media players but also for other apps like Xender.And this has happened couple of times.Getting so frustrated on this,I returned the product.I recommend you to consider these points which I mentioned above.Pathetic Service.An issue with charging the phone is taking forever to resolve by Meizu/service centers. The product has being shipped for repairs to Delhi by Authorised Service Center on 08/12/2015 with an ETA of 15 days. When I call them after 15 days they inform that they shall inform us/update. Now, when I call them on 04/01/2016, they are informing that they shall call us. Interestingly, when asked about ETA, they state they will call without an ETA. Very good product but pathetic and unreliable service.Nice phone with good specifications.Pros:1.camera clearly2.battery backup3. User interface4.flyme operating system5. Look6. Screening n visuals are great.6. Fast processingCons: sound (little bit)Moreover value for money, and really a very good product in this range.Amazon service is great,  whether its about delivery or regarding the transpiracy or about the return policy.Nice Lovely Ans Smart Looking Phone iT is...when u r using on That time mostly person Thinks This is a Iphone But its not...Lovely Phone OS is also Good...Software is a little quirky and the touchscreen is over sensitive (Registers touch in pocket). Otherwise great phone. Buy a cover case and all problems solved.This mobile is the best in specs and look compared to the other mobiles in this price range. The only problem is the heating problem it has because of its MediaTek processor. But overall I love my Meizu mobile.I would suggest go for it if you are not a pro mobile gamer.Edit: it has also got battery problem. Battery is 3100 mah but by performance it is unsatisfactory.I am using meizu m2 note since last 4 months, and I am pleased to tell you that it is a worthy phone.The best thing of this smartphone is its battery. It's monster battery (Sony 3100mah) works much better. It lasts upto whole day even after heavy usage. After watching a 2-3 hrs movie the battery drop is only 15% which is fantabulous. Even after heavy gaming for 1hr it drops only 10-12% which is excellent.Second best thing is its camera, which also works fine. It is equipped with Samsung sensor which allows it to capture some decent shots. Macro photography is much enjoyable with this camera. Colours produced by camera are natural. Front snapper is also good for selfies specially with beautifying mode.Third thing is is its premium look. Phone looks like a expensive smartphone due to its unibody design. It's a flat phone with curvy edges which fits perfectly in hand.The fourth best thing of this phablet is its IGZO HD display. It is protected by asahi dragontail glass protection which is similar to corning gorilla glass protection. Colours are vibrant and display is crisp clear. Watching movies is fun on this display.And last but not least, the fifth best thing of this meizu phone is its audio quality. Audio quality through speaker is good and with headphones is awesome (specially when DIRAC HD is enabled).Audio is consist of rich bass, and u can hear every single beat of your melody.Heads off to MEIZU, go for it guys, I assure you that u will not be disappointed...Thank youAs always, on point delivery by amazon. I have been using the Meizu m2 note for 3 months now. Amazing piece!Verdict:9/10performance:8/10camera:9/10display:10/10Build:10/10audio:9/10Albeit an unknown brand, but the features are way better than what is offered at this price point by the competitors.This phone is great for day to day heavy use. the Ram memory on this phone is amazing, u can have more than 8 apps open at a time and and juggle between them with ease.. the phone keeps the app open in memory  so the phone dosent have to run the app again.This display on this thing is the main feature i bought this phone. IGZO dsiplay puts major 1080p displays for many flagships to shame. I have compared with some QHD display and no difference was observed!The camera is amazing With great manual control options and good clarity. images are a bit shaky sometimes but all in all keeps the fine details intact upto a certain point.. the colours are almost natural. And has great low light capability compared to the k3 notePerformance wasnt my choice anyway.For the performance junkies ,this phone might turn u off, but it has great multitasking as mentionedAudio output is great with the Dirac sound DACThere have been 3 OTA updates since august now and each update has fine tuned the phone a bit more every time.The phone spectacular build quality, I expected a cheap build for this price point, but i was stumped! Great build/materials and clean design.Easy to hold in the hand!Firstly, Thanks Amazon transport services for delivering the product on time.# Unboxing and Initial impressions:* Box contains Device, USB charger, Data sync cable and a sim ejector tool. ( Head phones not included :( )* Device looks premium and build quality compared to YU - Yureka is good. ( I already own Yureka).* No capacitive buttons on the device only mTouch button.* Device is very light.Now coming to the pros and cons of the device after one day of heavy usage.# PROS:  Display - Display is stunning crispy.. Color prediction is very GOOD. Viewing angles are very good. Touch responsiveness is very good and responsive. The single mTouch button is unique & very easy to use. Will get to used to it very easily.  Camera - Camera is giving good pictures outdoor. But in indoor the pictures are giving some noise. Camera is very good compared to other mobiles in this segment.  Battery - Tested the battery performance by charging the mobile to 100%. It took around 2 hrs to completely charge. Downloaded the latest firmware from flyme official site of size 843MB from the device battery drained 10%, turned on the WIFI and transferred 4 GB of data from my laptop to to MEIZU and the battery drained only 13%. Installed required apps on to the device battery drained to 10%. Surfed the interned for the rest of the day left with 50% of battery still :).  OS - Flyme OS is different looks similar to IOS. You will be used to it, it will be easy to use.* Did not notice any significant heating issues during my usage.#CONS:- Not able to use both sims & memory card at a time. You can use either second sim or memory card in the second slot.- Camera quality is not good in indoor.- Chinese content is more in some apps like personalize & app center. But it throws a warning before entering these like "You will see Chinese content is only available in these app. More languages will be coming soon"- Head phones not included in the box.#Recommendation: Download the latest firmware update and then use your phone.Steps:* Download the update from http://www.flyme.cn/en/firmwarelist?modelId=56&type=1 and  copy the update to the root folder.* Power off ur device.* Click volume up and power button simultaneously and select Update option on the boot screen.#Conclusion:Meizu m2 note is good phone in this price segment compared to other devices.Will update more after using it for a week.---------------------------####@@@@@ Thanks for reading @@@@@#####-------------------------------------I have used a lot of phones and for this price,  this is one of the best. My priority has always been great music quality which it delivers. The sound in headphones is Cristina and accurate and far better than others in this price thanks for Dirac HD and a well balanced equalizer. Plays flaccid files with ease and accuracy. Go ahead and buy itreally nice superb camera quality. its worthThis is very good product.  Some people are saying,  it has heatin problem, and one person was saying it does not have back button. I don't  know what's wrong  with these peoples, I think they don't even know how to use a cool phone.  And this is more than better at  this price. I am satisfied  with that phone.Summary: Top notch hardware,  intelligently designed, pickled with software issues but immense value for money if you get a good piece.Cons:1: Have had issues with the phone book not syncing properly with Google contacts (factory reset to solve)2: Some default apps are only in chinese3: Back can feel plasticy and cheap4: Laggy default keyboard (switched to swiftkey)Pros1: Powerhouse technology specs2: Good value for money3: No need to toggle keyboards between letters and numbers (built into one interface)4: Smart design like slide  left to delete the entire word5. Default SMS blocker6. Ability to close all open apps in one swipe7. Minimalist design - single back\home button to optimize spaceIn all a great buy. If you encounter any software issues check out the Meizu India forum. In most cases,  it will be solved with a factory reset.I  m using this phone for last 2 monthsGoodCost : 10/10Mobile battery : 8/10Camera 7/10Loving it!!!!Was worried if it wud worth buying or not..as its not a brand dat v hear about..but trust me..its awesome..Da best part is flyme os...Its just smooth man!!Was using samsung smartphones worth 20k and more till now..but nvr saw such fluid and smooth user interface on any otr mobiles..Display is grt!Can still use wid one hand.Camera gives beautiful results and damn ders no lag. Its like..i keep on clicking pic and da camera taks dem all..witot any lag..i dnt hv to wait a second at all..M back button was smthng i was curious about..its kool man.Its like touch da button for back and press for home..i rarely use da he button cuz one more option is der..called as smart touch..its like a small dot visible on screen and u cn do multiple tasks wid it..i use it as..touch for back..up for home..down for notification drawer..and left and right for switching between background apps..never thought dat a u.i wud b so awesome..life seems to b simple now..battery lasts good for a day..and super power saving mode is gud..its like 20perc of battery lasts for 24 hours but just calls and sms..so at times like travelling..its gud..no worries abt charging..M lovin every thing about it..Paisa vasool mobile hai..The phone was delivered on time with proper packaging. All the accessories were included in the box with the handset. The only reason I gave it a 4 is because the language is Chinese so I had to download a launcher in English which is a tad bit difficult given that I don't know the language.awesome experience with flyme oskeep it up  come back soon with more updates  The flyme os is not that great.We even cannot put pattern lock on the phone.I think MIUI is better than this flyme os any day.Coming to the product the performance is smooth for day to day use except gaming.The phone also does not have recent and back keys which every android phone has.In the budget of 10 k, what you get is an awesome product. The overall specs are very good. The camera quality is very good but not that awesome. Display looks great and color reproduction is nice. Sound quality is also good. The built quality is average and it does look a little cheap when it has a Chinese branding on back cover but again compared to some phone below 10 k I must say that the built quality is great. It's an android phone and easier to operate, functions are good and rest everything is good. Customer care is a problem when u call, but they reply via mail. There is no voice customers care support. So this should be an issue in after sales services.Go for it if u want to purchase a good phone in less budget.....I think I would prefer this over Lenovo K3 note.very good phone by all aspects. sound quality also good but can be improved for music listeners and also company should provide good quality earphone by taking extra price for it.phone doesn't have FM radio is not good thing,on specification it was mentioned FM radio there.Great phone... But not now as other brands are offering even more specs at the same price..The screen rotation on my phone isn't responding the way it should. The default camera app is relatively poor. Photos after clicking are either saved upside down or sideways. Again as i said earlier, the screen rotation doesn't help here.No other issues whatsoever regarding performance,camera(both). Display is brilliant, in comparision the likes of lenovo a7000 seem way out of the league. Still the screen is quite a fingerprint magnet. The single button unlike the traditional three is innovative. Gaming is smooth.Though build quality is good, you have to compromise on the materials used.Screen is fragile.Gorilla glass would've been great. The flyme os is still a work in progress. Overall a great package for the price ...phone heats up very quickly while playing games and browsing, also bit delicated... okay for normal use..After 2 months of use front glass got broken completely after near fall from one feet distance. such a poor quality.. I hate it.. my 10k got wasted..Product is very nice excellent external appearance but caller id is bit slow can't search contacts fast there is a lag of 5 to 10 sec in searching the contacts n displayingNice designRam is 2gb but without any app installation only 800mb leftBeen using this phone for months now and pretty satisfied with it.Build is pretty good. Had dropped it a few times even from good heights glass first and hardly a scratch. so seems to have a pretty hard glass. Performance is nice enough for 10k.I got my meizu m2 note on 30 december.. As always amazon delivered it really quick.. Thanks a lot  Coming to the product.. Well this is my best phone so far.. Display is amazing.. Sound is amazing.. Build quality is perfect.. Camera is awesome.. And battery is great.. My phone lasts upto 15 hours with 2 hours approx. Of gaming..one movie.. And wifi usage.. This phone is really a beast  those are thinking to buy it, go for it.. You wont regret.. And yes, go for grey color because it gives metal look which is a plus point.. The only thing i dont like is, meizu don't provide earphones, any screen protector or back cover.. As they are difficult to find on local markets.. But anyways this is my best phone ever This phone is just awesome. Its camera is an amazing 16 mp. The ram and the internal memory holds it back from the top. But its worth the cost. The phones heating up can be  a problem. And its really slippery but it doesnt crack despite many fallsPlease friends don't buy it it's 13mp camera is worst it's giving heating problemI definitely find more positives in this phone than negatives . I think it was a great buy. First the thinks i really like about this phone.Good phone for this price. The performance is good and the battery is lasting 2 days in moderate use. The front cam is awesome the back cam too is good. The display is great and don't have any heating issues. The SAR values are too low and call quality is good. The phone is only 148 gms.There are 2 drawbacks which i find1. Once you synchronized your whatsApp contacts you can't edit that contact that should have been avoided.2. The phone don't have a Gorilla glass so you have to use a tampered glass protector.Looks good...all specs seem nice except for the camera which even though it is 13MP and 5MP Front does not capture good clear pictures... Not comparable to pictures captured by a Samsung or an IPhone with lower resolutions.The best buy mobile for 9999. Dont listen to crap ppl say abt flyme os of this fone, it has all advancd features (for advancd users Root privilages option is preinstalled which gives full control on ur device & to stop annoying adds which gives u a BIG Smile) we dont see even in samdung or htc mobiles. Premium looks packed with top notch hardware. I've been using this fone for past 10 days & pretty happy with everything particularly with the display & battery backup :) just blindly go for it.Have been using meizu m2 for the past 15 days..itz just awesome..  Though there are some probs in it...not probs actually though...but we shld always keep the price point in mind..  In under 10000 ...this phone is awesomei got the white model....it dosent matter after all you gonna get its clothes on i.e accessories...coming on to the review..camerabang...the rear cam is great with medium quality light giving lots of details though indoor shots are appreciable..but this is what you shud expect from 10k......the front cam is heaven...seriously its dirct rival of iphones...i used 5s previously nd i can say it is way bettr than thatPerformancesmooth...sometimes lil stutter not for gamers!call qualityawesomeUIat par...lil different but its sexyIts get hot sometimes but it was when i was dirct undr sunlight else just warm on occasionsPros -Awesome battery life, more than 5 hours of screen time (moderate use, display set on auto)Camera is good both front n backDisplay is great - sharp, vivid and it can go very bright to very dimGood build quality, looks nice too especially the grey oneSmooth and quick overall performanceRooting is easyCons -Display is yellowishLoudspeaker output is lowPhone's processor is not good for gamesShortage of ROM availabilityBest phone under 10k, only competitors are yu yureka plus and lenovo K3 note.I have used all of them and will say M2 note is the best of three.This mobile is very good complete value for money very soft touch good front camera but back poor camera.. But better than Samsung  or other branded phone in this price.. Very good  battery  backup.. Nd light  wt phoneAwesome mobile at this price range.. Delivers more than what is expected.not worth buy chinese language lingers on couldnot connect through wify and service centre in rajkot doesnot exist. WASTAGE OF MONEY HOPE MEIZU BUYS BACK AT (-2000RS) PRICE TODAY FOR EACH MONTH I STRUGGLED 2 USE.Meizu M2 Note is leaving impressions on market. It so happened that i accidentally dropped my fone from 1st floor. If it would have been some other phone its screen could have been broken. My Meizu just had a scratch on front camera lens. I went to the service center they repaired the phone in a day and returned it back to me. All other features of this phone are power packed. Best phone and best customer service. If you are a techie then you might be a little annoyed because at present no custom ROMs are available for this phone but in short time there will be many custom ROMs and maybe even official Cyanogen Mode.Have used it for more than two months.. Below are my observationsBack camera Could have been betterFront cam  very goodBattery GoodDisplay, good somewhat has a yellowish white not exactly whiteSpeed, good enough for day to day tasks not a gamer so can't judge that but there is not much lagSoftware or Flyme OS, Awesome it's the best I have used till date and can't wait for Flyme 5.0.. You would some getting used to but once you do its amazing, need to explore the complete settings to make use of all the featuresI believe this is the best phone under just go for it..Really don't know what to say. I ordered a meizu m2 note and 11 days after receiving the phone, it gets switched off automatically and won't start. Can't even go into recovery mode. I can't replace the phone because Amazon replacement policy says that it must be replaced within 10 days. Went to meizu service center in surat, but it's closed due to diwali vacation. Really don't know what to do?. I'm shocked that a product fails within days after receiving.A great value for money. Great screen, awesome camera, great battery life, awesome looks. Within two days got used to the unique m-Back button and now cant use other phones.Though, there are few concerns. The loudspeaker sound is on lower side, but clear. The back finish is awesome, though still plastic and ones u drop ur phone, u can see the dents. The colour is just painted, over the time it will get whitish. Advised to use back cover and hide the awesomeness of the finish if u want to preserve it.That aside,a great day to day runner without any hiccups.Great buy.I buy m1 note and My first sim slot is not working. I contact them on FB and they tell me they will contact me but no further action has been taken.New interface, good handling, Smoooth operation, overall good experience till now....good battery performance8 out of 10.2 marks has been  deducted because finger print sensor is not thereToday after long gaming, it over heated and turned off,when in turned on front camera damaged, showing distorted images,i can't return because 10 days time is over, stuck with this now,I bought this Phone Few days back.....Not pretty Sure its the right time to give a review.....so Quoting it like this.My First Impressions :Pro::::* Display is Quiet Very Good.* Battery is descent enough and should last a day for sure.* Running Quiet very smooth, thanks to the MediaTek processor and 2GB Ram.* Built is good and light weighted.* Dont have 150 pre-installed apps, you can install what you want..* Flyme 4.5.31 is good flawless and quiet very simple.Cons :* The Sound clarity at high volume is not very good especially playing songs etc.* Could see some Chinese charactes at some places like after saving a contact  etc...but thats fine.* No Two SIM card along with a Memory card possible, may need at times.Recommendation: Download the latest firmware and update it and then use your phone.End of the day its a Beast what you can buy under 10K.Doesnt have optical stability. Battery draining faster than what they have shown when using data. When uploading a picture fir telegram or whatsapp if u click the image and its shown u have to send it or close the whole application and restart again but cannot go back to the inages. Also not all the pictures are not shown in gallery. Doesnt have a pattern lock unlike other devices,need to install an app for dat purpose. Single sim and memory card slot or dual sim. Overall its a value for the money. Didnt find any heating issues till now. Good for the priceSimply this was one of the best devices I've ever used. It packs a super crystal clear AMOLED Display of 1080p Resolution which gives me a brilliant color reproduction and fantastic viewing angles no distortion at all.... Camera is superb while it packs a slow motion video facility simple awesome.... I dont have words to explain the perfection of the design of the device which attracted all my friends.... Perfect design octa core device having  no lag at all on playing any game........thank you Meizu for such a jaw drooping product that made me so happyAwesome product. Every function works properly. Every sensor works properly. Touch is so so good as it has dragentail glass and very grate brightness and even in sunny day you see clearly on screen.  No typing problems.  And IGZO is screen technology which provide grate brightness more colour and natural colour.  Gorilla glass protection is at the back camera and front camera above the screen. Only the problem that is neglagible  about its speaker,  at full loud volume sound disturbance create. But not problem you can make one point down the volume.1. quality of display is very good 9/102. UI is fast and responsive 9/10.3. Phone is compact when compared other 5.5 inch phones and also light weight 9/10.4. Front camera is very good 9/10.5. Quality of sound is good 7/10.6. Main camera is not as good as it suppose to be but it has some good options to play with your photo and photography 6/10.7.call quality has no issue sound is clear and crisp 8/10.8.Phone has no issue with playing games it doesn't heat up during gaming 8/10.9.phone only heats up during camera usage , temperature are not high but you will feel the heating.10.the phone comes with preloaded useful stuff eliminating the need for many apps.11.This phone is not for hard core gaming for every thing else it is better than Lenovo k3 note.12. BATTERY - it will last you a whole day no matter how do you use 9/10.It's really very very much better phone  what's a battery life and performance and many functions are given in this phone.In this we no need to download backup application, app lock, vault and whatever so..  All things are given in this phone.It's really amazing phone.Past i had used many companies of mobile but i thought its too better best and everything than other phone.Only problem is dual sim problem and sd card that can't be used simantaneously.But it's too good as thought....Ww really enjoying on this phone as like iphone 6s plus....So if anyone want to experience like iPhone On budget phone so u can take it.........   so go for it............................Products is good... Camera  and  looks  are  very good in this  price range, battery backup is also  excellent. I have only  issue  with performance of processor, it it  not  that  great as I expect, so I return it. But  on. This  product.. I didn't get my refund on time, the return time. Is too much, almost 15 day  are  gone from pickup date, but  I don't get my  refund, otherwise gud product. So plz  amazon... Take some  action about this issue. As my  money get  stucks. Plz help me out, ur  customer representative are  not  helping great.As far as affordability and value for money buyers, this product is best suited and worthy to spend your hard earned money.The phone's display, usability mainly due to 'M' button is excellent. Apart from this since am a great fan of Xiaomi's product and OS Skinned MIUI, this phone lacks when compared and actually preferred as a nice substitute to Redmi Note 2, but overall a good product and worth considering. Camera is not that good when compared with Redmi 1S.Still good substitute for many advanced features and build quality.M2 note is awesome. This phone has unique features for a stock Android to come even close competition requires third part apps or root it to do its memory management.Took me a month to write this review but its worth every Rupee you pay.Hardware :- Full HD Screen with a high brightness and very low brightness display (does not sacrifice contrast in any brightness)- You can Can tune the display to be warmer or colder in settings (make more bluish or Amber)- Can expand to 128 GB :) I have tested till 32 GB- Adequate Battery to last a day- Adequate hardware for Business phone, note this is not a hard core Gaming phone. However you can play heavy games in low detail graphics.- Very Good Camera and macros.Software features- Gestures : Double tap to wake up and other swipe gestures- Awesome UI, this has quite different and simplistic UI which provides a Google like search on swiping up.- SmartTouch : This is a small trackpad like software which is similar to what iPhone has. You can use this to put the screen to sleep or browse through your recent apps or return to Home Screen.- Antivirus & Cleaner Pre-installed : Ready with 360 Antivirus and Android Junk cleaner.- Permission's change : This is an awesome tool which can be used to stop spawning of "battery hoggers" (eg: facebook) and other apps which use a lot of unnecessary notifications. This feature is now present in Android M (Marshmallow) which can stop spawning of unnecessary apps. You can alter permissions given to a application after you have installed it (don't know if we can do this in stock Android, will probably need a 3rd party app or probably root in some phones).- Full Screen apps can be make into less than full screen and can use with other software (Videos and calc can be made to use partial screen) For eg: browsing through a site I can use a calc which is not full screen- Awesome calculator, has Currency converter and scientific versions in it :)- Awesome clock has multi timezone ready to use- UI does not Hang !!! You have to use this product to experience what I am saying.- The Video player has a in built Streamer to stream videos from your phone to a Smart TV.This is really cool since all if the above features are built in Stock Fly me.Minor quirks- Sometimes gets warm but does not heat :)- Need to choose between MircoSD and 2nd SIM. But that does not matter for me. I do not need 2 SIM's- Software bugs either are fixed by Meizu or in process of being fixed.All in all this is best Business phone I have used and Flyme OS is realy really good if you get used to it.There are some people who did not like it. However there is a user manual which helps you with all you need to know.Its recommended you read through the Software manual before using this or else you might end up bugged. However if you look closer the phone is packed with one of the best Software and Hardware features for its price.For example swiping up and down has meaning which is built in. same with double taps.Again as I said before, You have to use this product to experience what I am saying. You will not regret buying this productGood Job Amazon, kindly get other Meizu phones alsoCrisp displayAwesome batteryNice build qualitySmooth and nice musicAbove average camerasOnly con is hybrid sim slot.. (doesn't matter to me)Very Bad Product because of service does not provide better service and please don't wasting your time to think purchase this product.if you don't u will facing problem like mePhone which can not be used for communication.... There is always a back ground sound...which is irritable to the person on the other side.... Rest of the functions farely goodBest Under 10k phone available in Indian Market.The display is Full HD which is the best part of this phone. The phone comes with Android 5.1 with Flyme UI.Flyme UI is optional. You can use the google launcher and remove the flyme launcher.The battery performance is quite good. It last for one complete day under normal use.No headphone is provided with this package. Have to buy it seperately.Camera is good. The autofocus is very quick.The build quality of the phone is quite good with curved edges.This is the one of the best Mobile in price range 10000/-.I am using this from last 45 days.now I m giving my review belowit's camera is 9/10 rear(amazing Clarity but indoor pictures still it will improve)but front camera 7.5/10(not like rear camera type)Display is 9/10(awesome but not like Super Amoled screen clarity),Battery- 8.5/10,Music-8/10(in head phone)call quality-9.5/10,Os-8/10(some times u will not like some irritating features),Touch responce -9.5/10(butter smooth after upgradation flyme os 4.5.4I)Chraging - 8.5/10(from 10 to 100% complete in 1.45 mnts)Gaming- 6.5/10(not liking very much in heavy game like asphault 8 not smooth)Service center - available in india alsowe can also check the service center in given site also - http://www.meizu.com/in/service/index.htmlsome snaps i m attaching with thisThanks for ur reading..Very poor quality and many features with in a month not working so purchased this time another one. If someone want to change every month one new mobile those people can buyExcellent mobile screen quality is excellent camera very good touch is good .. Battery backup not bad... Some times little bit heat(using camera)overall very good mobileVery Good Phone-Pros--Amazing Display Quality-Good Battery Backup-No Heating Issue-Good Software i.e. Flyme OS-Light weight in its category-Decent Camera quality.Cons--Low Sound Output in Loudspeakers, but output quality is good.-No earphones in the box.-Power button and Volume rokr is on left side.Overall quality is good, its design is neat.Good phone with stunning look and display.Camera and UI is awesome.only drawback is you cannot use 2 sims with memory card. same slot for 2nd sim and card.Build quality and the display are amazing at this price,display has very good contrast,not matching to AMOLEDS though,we can't expect the same at this price point,so its superb...Flyme os is very good as of now...but its unable to refresh song list in any music player,the physical home button is very good and looks premium,Camera looses focus sometimes...But takes some good pictures..when captured correctly...battery life is also quite good....Overall I am happy with my purchase...Very good buy at this price....!Using this phone since 4 weeks, very good experience and hassel freePro:User interface is very goodSmart touch function makes u feel like using iphoneBattery lasts for more than 14 hours with wifi or 3g usageGood built quality with slim designCons:Heats up while using hotspot and certain types of appsManufacturer should give headphones with mobileThemes and many facility are still in china versionsNeed to increase gigahertz like m1 noteGreat looks...feels rich n glossy.smooth running camera is awsme both rear nd front speacly front one...sum says 900mb ram is always free but i don 9 wht happn to my meizu whn i got this i chek nd only 350ram is free out of 2gb i stoped some apss bt free space only goes to 600 mb.Phn is preety better looks stylish like yu yurka plus but far good in performace compare to yu yureka plus.D only problm i feel nano sim..means o common meizu go with micro dn i will surely recomendedit to other.... Nothing any problem..... I have used it for about two months... And I don't face  any problem... It's 1st class mobile under 10k... Take it any hesitationWorst phone experience I have had, after accidentaly locking the phone with a pin code I couldn't unlock it any other way,it didn't show the option of login using your google id and password after several wrong tries,it couldn't be hard reset as even that asked for the same passcode,could not be erased via google device manager as that also asked for the same passcode,Overall was a good looking device for the price, decent camera and screen, Audio quality was horrid and lacked bass, the screen got a few micro scratches after just 2-3 days of use, UI was utter rubbish music saved on other parts of the phone such as download folder weren't detected by the music players until I moved them to the music folder using a file manager app, and some parts seemed to have been a direct translation of chinese to english.I am yet to hear from the Meizu customer support, seems like a terrible software glitch,rest assured I will never buy or recommend anyone to get a Meizu device ever.After using this phone for about 45 Days i am Posting my review,I Must tell u that this offering from meizu is a complete steal,I don't Know Why people are running behind expensive Phones when u can have the same with the budget Phones Like Meizu M2 Note,The Design is a Mix of Samsung,Apple and HTC combined1.The Screen from the meziu is Just stunning its Sharp Made IGZO Display with the Best viewing Angle and Good Colour reproduction even the High end Phone not able to produce such  good colours reproduction and Contrast.Having High legibility in the direct sunlight2. Have all the needful sensors Like Magnetic, Pedometer,Pedometer counter which the Budget phone lacks to Save some production cost and High end phones gives u.3.Have the Great and working like charm Gestures which u will be easily used to once u set them according to your own needs like just simply drawing V on the screen when its off, turn on the Flashlight immediately.And W for whatsapp will launch it.4.Camera Is good in the Day Light but not the best in its class if u compare it with the phones like Samsung and sony,Still its a Usefull camera in day light with some sharp images with accurate colour reproduction And provided with dual LED flash,5 Mp Front camera is also good for taking selfies its very sharp and bright too.5.Design of the Phone and its built quality is Just Amazing not like Budget phones,Polycarbonated plastic is used specially Grey looks really great,Its very sleek too and very easy to hold through its having 5.5 inch screen rounded corners Made the grip of the phone more comfortable,6.Its also provided with the 2m Amp charger for fast charging and will charge quickly relatively to the other Phone in this price segment7.The the Button provided in the centre is just new and Unique experience to have fun wih,Its having multiple use Its the power on off button,Back Button and will straight takes u to the home screen when clicked,Its nice experience after using traditional Android Phones,All function accommodated in a single Button,Just give it a feather touch it will take u back Just click it ur Home Screen8. The flyme OS is Also i enjoyed a lot Guys, Its very hard to tell its Android device if u see the graphics, Flyme seems to have taken a lot of inspiration from iOS ,they copied a lot so its a Mix of Android and iOS9. The battery of 3100 Mah is Lasts whole day even if u play the heavy game its obviously lot better then xiaomi Phones and With some highend devicesThe look of the phone is so Amazing that once i was travelling in metro and the Guy Sitting just besides me couldn't resist and Asked if this is one plus 2,i Smiled and said its MeizuThank u for Reading my review.Ok friends, it's been a week to have this device with me and I think it should be the perfect time to give you some details. Don't want to lecture you a lot cause plenty of reviews you have gone through.The first thing I saw when I  opened the box and turn on this device was a great smoothness. You can compare the touch quality with iPhone!!!  And thats gr8. None of the mobile except this one in this price range have this much touch quality.Now about the OS; YES there are some glitches in there and in Androidits so common. This os is so much simple to use and handle your device fluently and there are plenty of features to get the juice out of this mobile.Third one is something that I've faced for the first time!  Its about "lag". Android devices dont lag, if soneone is telling you then automatically you know what's going on in your mind. . But I'm saying this with full of responsibility that this device is 100% lag free!!  Are you gonna believe that!!  Yes you have to!!And the last thing I noticed that the camera meizu m2 note is providing is better any any camera on this price range. Specially  the front camera.Display is awesome, sound is good compared with yureka or yureka plus.So if you want to purchase a mobile which will reduce your headache then its time for you to go with this. This is the finest phone I'm using since Android was born. Don't waste your money by purchasing high range mobile cause after a while some other will be there to catch you so you will never be happy. Buy a budget phone use it roughly and take a new one to enjoy with.Phone has been locked don't purchase it....guysNice Looks, Good overall performance, Bright Crisp Full hD display which makes Videos/Pictures looking more detailed. Camera works well. Update it to latest firmware to get most of it.use good quality tempered glass screen protector & back cover as its bit slippery on hands.Flyme UI is bit different as the phone uses a single button something similar to Iphones..you will get used to it. Its nice for a change if you're bored using same 3 buttons android phones...Phone is good but there is no ear phone with it that's why I have rated it 4 star. If you give ear phone with it then then I would have rated 5 starHave been using this for a week.  I don't have anything  different  to say.  I don't use it for games,  so very  much  satisfied  with this.Display and performance  is good.Audio output  is fine,  through  headphones  it's certainly  not okay.Switching  between  multiple  applications is fluid a day the Flyme OS is altogether  a different  experience,  which  I liked it.If your budget  is under 10k, blindly  go for this.best phone i have bought it a before a week ;there are some cons but that is ignorable1.camera app lags little bit,but camera is good2.not branded namethis phones are for technology lover because it has very customizable features,easy to use ,fast and lagg free;so who want to try new things please go for this phone ,dont run behind brand names becaz those brand does not offer such features and their products are also made in china.product is good. deliver on time. it some time freezes while opening lock screen, n again become normal in some seconds, other than that no issue.very too much heating in charging.so am returned that phone.proseccer is very slow.in play criminal case  mobile every tim hanging.worest product.meizu much awaited for your product launch in india.Happy to own meizu product.But disappointed with microphone issue (phone microphone should be placed very near to mouth other wise breakage of voice,very low voice,no voice been observed and even voice is not as natural ,noise cancellation also not working  properly ) Meizu please fix microphone issue.Camera quality poor ,pictures are not sharp and not able to see Samsung quality in camera .Finishing of the device is very good and its looking awesome, the touch experience is smooth and touch response in incredible.In a single word its a steal at this price and it deserves each and every buck you have spent on it.Interested guys can check out article on how to change whatsapp phone number on your Android device with ease at the below link.http://www.searchforsolutionsonline.com/2015/09/how-to-change-phone-number-in-whatsapp.htmlworking perfectly since i bought this nice looking phone. its been 6 months, no complaint so far. battery life is very good, goes 4-5 days with moderate heavy use(10songs per day, 10mins calling, 20-30min wifi). compact size, very responsive touchscreen, dragontail is at per corning gorilla 3, so havent used any case/cover/screenguard, no scratches so far. once it fell out of my hand from ~50cm height but no damage occured. superb screen brightness & sharpness, superb picture quality at this price range, looks like metal set. very much satisfied.The phone is not upto the standard.... Being a 10,000 phone it is not worth. The phone is getting hanged. It hasnt been a month since purchased.First of all i'd like to highlight the color of the phone which matches exactly with my shirt color. This helps me keep in touch with body and soul whenever i check my phone for the time. Overall the multitask function could use a bit of improvement and the os is kinda crappy. The stock android would prove much better. It's almost like comparing sardines with tuna. To those who want this phone all the best. To those who don't want to , buy an ice cream.I am not satisfied with this product.This device will not support memory card if you want to use dual dim.RegardsManish kumarone of the best phones in 10k i have been receiving a lot of compliments just for looks by the time i reach hardware specifications people ask where can they buy one :DScreen is amazing, light sensor sometimes dosnt work as expected but i dont care as that is not a feature which drives the whole experience, gestures work perfectly well, battery pulls through a day'n'half, Flyme is a delight compared to stock UI. Cant complain for anything.The phone is a pure replica of an iPhone 5C style wise, the phone does heat to some extent but all phones do heat up mind you so no complains. For a 13.1MP camera the images which are captured could have been a lot better, felt like I was using a 5MP Snapper. But come to think of wat iv paid for the phone really worth every dime I saved to buy it. Oh the awesomeness lies in the fact that there are no bloatwares including those which come from Google.!Everyone has stressed the details of this phone,  so this review is for all those people who are having problems with this phone. This is an effort at resolving problems.Try installing firmware update first. Before installing any apps,  head over to meizu website from the pre-installed browser. Select your phone from list of devices & download the stable version, 4.5.3l. Make sure you have a wifi connection or a 2 gb 3g netbpack,  because the update is 843 MB. Download the update, it will be a zip file. After download,  click on the file,  reboot, & your phone will have latest firmware.Next thing to install is google play services. Go to Google Playstore, download it. Now to you will get error that you have installed wrong version of google play services. To remedy this, you will have to go to list of apps in settings, select google play services & then uninstall updates. This will give you factory version of the app,  now go back to playstore & update google play services. No more problems now. All apps can be installed and progress on google play Games can be recovered once you sign in.Next, plug in your headphones,  open the pre installed music app, go to settings, & turn on Dirac HD sound,  this should resolve the problems of poor sound output. A lot of headphones are compatible with this phone. So if you didn't get them in the box,  you can use any other company's headphones. I have tested JBL t200,  Sony MDR xb450, philips shs390,  all work well, with slight tweaks to the equalizer you can get the phone to reproduce sound that you are comfortable with.List of games that work smoothly on this phone :Clash of clans, candy crush, real racing 3, asphalt 8, dead trigger 2, nfs mw,  dungeon hunter 4, top farm etc. Turn on all gpu related settings from developer options in settings,  and games will work well.For battery life,  you can select power saving mode for longer life, even without this mode on the battery lasts a day comfortably.In case you dont want all your apps on the home screen, install any 3rd party launcher from play store.For those who are complaining that there are no service centres yet, well guess what? AIDS does'nt have a cure yet, but it does not stop anyone from having sex, does it? "Prevention is better than cure" so just use some good protection for your phone like flip cover, tempered glass, and treat the phone with a little care, this should ensure you dont need to visit any service centre for as long as you are planning to use this phone.very disapointed in this product. Hv sworn not to buy any new product not tested in the market. Better to pay extra and buy standard priductsTerribly bad software on a decently for hardware. Extreme issues with lags,phone freeze, auto restarts.Disgusting user experienceThe phone is amazing, dont know why people are giving negative comments , OS is awesome , and unlike what so many people are saying about " No Back Button " , you guys are disgrace to technology .. Meizu m2 note has a sensory back button .Great Camera .Worth for purchase.I have Lenovo K3 note and I bought Meizu for my brother.Both are same in price and performance.Nice Budget Phone .Plz sort out my problem. I have been using Meizu M2  Note from last one week i am completely satisfied with product but problem is that when I put sim card in it it always shows no signal.But the same SIM card when I put it into another phone itz OK. So plz let me know whether itz problem in Phone or Network card. I am eagerly waiting for your cordial response. I have also restored my phone but still problem is as such.Greatest phone ever by Meizu. No lags. No hithes. After several months of strenuous usage, it's running like ferrari. God's speed.wast phone i ever seen company not given warrenty for the phone it not over one year and screen broken from inside how dont knowHiii guyzzzz this meizu m2 note is surb mind blowing and camera clarity is awesome great and selfie also I recommend 2 all......Review within 10 days after usage as of December 2015Battery really stands up if you don't install many apparent appsCharging takes an hour when switched offReally high gaming experience from modern combat 5 and asphalt 8But not all moded games workIt has an antivirus built-in which manages permissions and background apps tooCamera - back (rear) camera is really damn goodFront is also the same but it doesn't support facial recognition and fixConsNot a having an Android feel for the phoneFlyme os it's sucksThe recent apps not u think as it isMainly there not much accessories for this mobile Even back coverALTERNATIVE TO THIS MOBILE ISLENOVO K3 NOTEHi I bought this mobile for after my redmi note3G got speaker problem, compare to my redmi note 3G Its very higher in screen resolution,Not heavy  custom settings,Its simple to use ,still now its working fine no issue (3 weeks used)Most Like in this device1.Superb battery backup2.Battery full with in 2 hours3.Screen touch and m button too smooth4.Look like  premium phone under10kIts really good product at dis price...Good displayGood Camera.... back n rearGood built quality... looking high quality mobile like samsung S5.Good Perfomance.Avarage battery back-upLatest Android 5.1Bad:-Little heating issue while playing game.Only Two slot for card... either u insert two SIM Card or one SIM and Memory Card.No Gorilla Glass.Sombody asked me to know whether video calling is working or not? Anwser is, "don't know" I m facing lots of operating problem, because of handset or airtel service provider that also I don't know. I m writing this only on provided 2g network service. 4G is for away, I m not getting 3G servicess properly. Handset no doubt is beautiful justlike heroine. "Feel proud to own, utility of none".network is not good and every day hangData automatic lost...Amazon bhi aise mahabakwas cell bechta hai...pata nahi thaCard slot one and one sim slotBest sub 10k smartphone available. Its fast, the camera quality is good, the battery is excellent. The dragonglass screen provides good protection. If i must point out few drawbacks then it has to be the usage of a sim/sd card slot and you have to choose whether you want to use 2 sims or 1 sim and a sd card....the phone is pretty durable and hardy and you can expect it to last easily for 3 years.Awesome set4G LTE is not working for all bands.I bought Meziu note 2 , Good phone . Predefined Google play store is found. I installed basic apps whats app, gaana, vlc, ccleaner, play music,subway surfer  using play store . But today i observe Google Play Store app is not opening properly- App launches and vanishes within 2 sec. Even i tried to install google play store ( 12.6 MB )by Default App Centre they have provided . Am able to download 12.5 mb of google play store , but not able to install .Suggestion appreciated in advance.Pros.  Battery life awesome, screen display HD quality, camera above average but with good editor tools, lite weight, awesome looks feels premium phone.Corns. Heating issues with lesser usage will be sorted out with updates, lesser android custom features like no on screen notifications etc but overall flyme is fast and responsiveI will give 4.5 out 5 with this price range.I noticed some problems in my phone.  This mobile is getting heat... Mic problem,  display is blinking automatically.It provides many features at a good costing which makes it worth buying, but it has some shortcomings. The big screen of 5.5 isn't active from the sides. If someone is watching a video on screen, it appears good. But for typing and other daily routine works, inactive screen from sides makes task difficult. Also, phone hangs at times for no overloaded reason which comes as a surprise.Everything is well and good.Something is best just like camera front and back both.But the worst part ki battery.The battery backup of the handset is really bad very bad.If u fully charged battery then it work only 7/8  HR.And it doesn't provide earphones.Remain item is very good apps working fantasticly but only one problem i.e. Battery back up.Very bad.. Used only for a month ..Amazing phone, display so very goodi am finding some problem in screenvery delicate piece. slippery to hold. due to slippery body my meizu phone fell on ground and got scratches all over on the screen. if one wants to go for it buy protection cover along with it.Best mobile phone under 10000 great display ..i never saw any crisp display than meizu.. graet work i receiver softwer update... smooth performance no lag at all.. great camera .. awesome bulit quality... great work by meizu.. and after update loudspeaker volume increase .. so no con.. great work by meizu.. awesome service  by amazon within 2 days i got my mobile.. must buy..the language tool is now and then posing problem.  Secondly the ear phones are not working, there is no sound, since its within the warranty period, could i please be provided with another set of the same.  Taking a lot to learn its features, being a customised item.  Await Amazon person to speak/ organize for another set of ear-phones.Thanks and regardsDurudisplay light automatic dim and up within 10 min.........camera not over expectation 13mp and 5mp bothphone id absouletly #Awesome..the phone is brilliant in.performance guys.So guys please order now fastchinees language all over settings, flyme services in place of google play services which can not be used in Indiathis is the biggest issue with choosing a brand who has no service network..Screen got blur from volume button side , written  mail but no respond. seriously annoyed with product n brand.Okay! so Meizu M2 Note it is..Have been using this product for 3 days now, must say it has been a delight. :)Hunted the Internet for reviews etc and compared it to the other products as well... For eg: Lenovo K3 note, Yu Yureka Plus, which i have used before (thanks to my friends and cousins...lol) i found his mobile quite refreshing and i simply loved the OS...Now for the Quick Review:-.PROS:- Excellent Display, Crisp Images great legibility even under bright sunlight - 9/10- Refreshing OS, icons are so cute lol :P  ...the transition between apps is smooth. - 8/10- 16 GB internal Memory, 2 GB RAM, helps a lot to store apps, and the latter to view Full HD videos, and to play highly demanding games - 8/10- Battery Life is Good, though it couldve been better, but the high resolution display chugs off loads of juice - 7/10- Gesture Controls are downright amazing and the touch response is better than the other two phones (mentioned above) - 9/10- The construction of the phone is fabulous, though it does look like a bigger version of the iPhone 5c - 8/10- Front Camera is far beyond good, and reproduces natural colors - 9/10CONS:Oooooh Boy! there are few, but they are LETHAL- NO PROTECTIVE SCREEN GUARD (Corning or Asahi) ..... (though the display is laminated, DUH!). A BIG LETDOWN - 3/10- THE PHONE HEATS UP LIKE CRAZYYYYYY! even while playing Angry Birds or Clash of Clans, Leave ASPHALT and Dead Trigger.... the mercury shoots up till 45 degrees, holding the phone becomes a pain after 30 mins. - 3/10- No Dual SIM slot (u have to sacrifice one SIM if you want to put some more BRAINS into the Phone) :P - 4/10- Back Camera is not that Good, Daylight Photos are Acceptable but Night Time Photos are below Par, The images from the Competitors Blow it away - 5/10.Lots of UPS and DOWNS ...... But this Phone Shines And surely Justifies its Price! A must Buy..... I'll Place it over the Yureka but at Par with the K3 Note...Hope I could HELP you GUYS.... :)Pros. Stunning and best displayStylish lookGood performanceGreat CameraGood SoundNo Cons.I played many high graphics games like Asphalt 8, Dead Trigger,  Real Racing 3, etc. No lags found.Everyone have to buy this phone.Meizu customer service is good in mailing.They opened many customer services in India also.Amazing phone for the price. My phone runs with few of of most memory hungry apps and games,  games but still the touch response is really good, this would easily beat a phone with a 20k+ price range.  Camera front and back are really good, flash isn't that powerful but manageable.  The flyme os is a try to copy of iOS with a Android backend...best part is the feel it.Not satisfied, return the productUnbelievably sharp displayStable and latest OSAverage camera. Though really good for the price.Branded battery. Lasts long.Amazing build quality. No squeaky gaps.Crisp audio output. So so headphone output. I don't understand these people put so much things in a single phone but can't give a full SIM card slot. #HATEnanosimUltimate mobile phone,have used HTC, SAMSUNG, APPLE and MOTOROLA but this one is not behind them in any way.Nice Phone.. Excellent Display...Easy to use flyme OSBuild quality nice. Grey color looks good.  Main camera quality excellent.Play store and other apps works finemusic & ringtone volume low.Seller gave mi used mobile phoneAwesome phone using if from 31st of december..  If your are planning to buy this device i'll say go for itAwesome phone.....in this price..... Need ui improvements....Gmail contacs cant be synched..There is no option for pattern.... Security....Need more stable new OTA updates.... I trust u.... Will give us... Updates.... Comman meizu....Ordered on 23.01.2016 and got it on 26.01.2016. Mobile is very good. screen response is also very good. Various gesture facilities are available. Battery recharge is fast. Front and rear camera are also very good. Battery backup is much much better than my previous smartphone.I would say it's a perfect smartphone below 10K. No headphones.Fantastic and most awesome to use this mobile. Working process is so good in all manner and  it as quick responsibility.Really comfortable and silky to handle this phone with various apps. Its worthy in this segment and much more in our expectation. I did't expect these much from this china product.  (I am writing this using after 18 days)Actually I don't want to give rating also...The phone has always some problems..I don't know why it stops working suddenly .The speaker was very bad and anyone calls us .They can't hear our voice and my Google account always automatically synced off.Every time I am losing my contacts.Especially the alarm phone will struck in the morning time and we can't neither switch off or Stop the alarm.The worst phone I have brought.Don't buy waste of money ..Definitely you ll lose your patienceAowsom phone compertively its price. love to have a expensive upcoming highend divice from meizuFabulous phone. There is no lag and the camera is just amazing.  Loved my experience with Meizu.Though, i haven't used it till now, still wishing to be a good phone for me, hoping for the bestGreat phone for 10k........itz been a month since I got this phone n no lagging yt........there s no speaker issue as mentioned by others....... camera s gud especially front camera........ os is  simple s easy........ all u hv 2 is upgrade 2 Indian version......... I juz love dis phone...... n tnks fa Amazon fa safe deliveryIn specifications it has given GSM sim  its nano sim . It's a dual sim bt v can't insert SD card if u want to use SD card then u have to take out 1 sim from that . They have given 3100 mah battery  I don't think so it's 3100 mah because the charge only stays for 1 day  . on specification it's has given 3 days in 3G networkWell,  let me start off by saying that this meizu m2 note is a good looking smart phone within its range. At 5.5 inch this is big phone but people like me who r fond of big screen will like it. Display wise its very good, no problem even in broad daylight auto brightness works well. Connection to network is alsogood. Now let me tell u whts not tat grt abt this phone. Few things observed after a months use.1. Typing is not a great experience. May be upgrades will make it better. Bt lots of typos happen....kinda miss letters in between2. Heating issue, at the left hand top corner. Specially, wen playing games. I play beach buggy.3. After a month of using the phone is strting to slow down a bit. Not giving the performance t use to give earlier.4. RAM space u get is around 500mb.5. Not very audible when u speak to sum1.Still i wud say at tis price range its still is a good phone. Camera quality is not bad specilly the rear one..please pardon the typos....all made bcuz of this phone.....irritating stuff indeed ..errrrrI bought the meizu m1 note (rather than m2) which is indeed performing like a champ, a premium phone... U gotta trust me on this. I was about to buy meizu m2 note however then i saw that the m1 has a power house 1.7 gh octacore mediatek processor + 3140 mah battery which is bigger than what u get in m2.  Some may say that m2 comes with lolipop and latest flyme os but guys i would like to inform here that at first day usage i got the notification that 5.1 lolipop with latest flyme os is available for download. I didnt waste a moment and downloaded the update and now my software part is upto date.  I would like people to understand here that to bear software upgrade u must have speedy hardware that m1 has but unfortunately m2 doesnt. I agree that m1 doesnt have an option expand via sd card but i can manage within 16gb so i dont mind. Plus the touch button below the screen on m1 is far more better than the physical button on m2.  It simply feels premium n glows for notifications.  And the best part is that i got that beauty just for Rs 7999 only which is whole 1999 less than the m2.  Battery backup is superb like one can easily go for 1 and a half day with moderate usage. Screen is a charm to look at. Overall i am glad to buy this handset.  Meizu,M1 ROCKS!!excellent phone .Configuration having good compatibility.In this range good purchase.In built quality is good.I give score 9/10.Still no problem facing  with this phone.Try a new version flyme. DifferentMust try it.Contact if someone want feedback. 7307760366pros1. Accurate display with saturated colors.2. Very good battey life, 5-6 hrs on screen time.3. No issues with sound clarity on ear piece.4. camery quality is good.5. all sensors present.6. no over heating problemcons1.some times lags on heavy usage (every phone lags),I would imagine most people would not associate it with an Android Lollipop when they use it. But it is seriously dumbed down Android. Camera quality is very good with HDR included. Some menu screens (alarm) show Chinese buttons. Shows Airtel 4G. While there is support, 128 GB  micro sd card is so expensive right now.I have not been able to use SSDphone128GBcard as it isNot sensing. I have lot of problems in operating the phone.pls help me. I am getting display as reformat. Once done it is showing as invalid.I r a hard to display of some sites, the return button(round) is coming in way of operation.Place help.Best in its class and works very fine in day to day life and work, appearance and all beautiful with working specs keep updating the software no glitches compromise on sound and bit of camera but it covers if you know how to set it dual flash works beautiful in night used it over 7 months, satisfied customer...I would say, the best phone in this price range, the design is awsome, looks are great, 'am sure u will feel different experience with the UI part.The home and back button is the same,and so the major highlight of this phone.Battery is awsome as it offers one and half a day with normal browsing and multimedia.I'm very much Happy for next Day Delivery from Amazon, but very much unhappy with the mobile.The Battery dries up under half day, heats a lot result unable to hold the mobile near ear. Camera Very Dull, Clarity is 1 Star rating, too much Blurr. Camera interface is very worst. Total Rating only 2 Stars..Phone was good overall but I got a defective piece due to which the other person was unable to hear my voice clearly. Amazon did a wonderful job in resolving the issue.Screen is brilliant.Very light weightGood UI and featuresCamera is average (was expecting it to be much better)Great looking phone, minimalism OS, superb build quality. The only disappointment is the OS itself. Its been developed with the Chinese market and typically suffers in all aspects related to international fields like google accounts, sync problems, language barriers, apps store, customizing the themes etc.everythng is awsome expect sound quality when you here music with wired headphone. I listened music even with apple headphone but the music quality is averge or below average. Even you can hear sound clearly in noisy place when watching videos. Sometimes lag and then you will have to reboot your phone.this product especially back key is not working properly, other than camera everything flop,No seperate slot for sd cardI m using ths phn since 7 months..sound quality avg fyme os bst ...bt as compared to yureka cam  .iss not upto expectation ..yureka camera is bst...besides thr is no issue battry is bst m only disapointed wit camera.thrz no service center for it bt still product is good no issue if u r wrying abt it.nice phone. camera, battery back up, look etc all are perfect at this price range.Very good, Camera is very good.Due to Gorilla glass, no need to put screen guard.Awesome phone. I get almost 900mb ram always. The best pros is camera. Is awesome (what a pics) and in headphone sound normal playing music but great while playing videos (it gives dynamic sound with bass). Charges 50% in 1 hour. And the phone has a sound enhansment option just like in htc beats on/off option.. In meizu dynamic hd on/off .overall i give 9.5 out of 10.Great phoneVery good camera.Good speakerBut since it is from china it doesnt contains chrome,YouTube, Google+. So u have to install them from playstore.No earphone and screen card are not included with the mobile. So u have to buy them separatelyAmazing phone for the price. nice and crisp display for both conditions night and in direct sun lightPros: Amazing looks  Nice FHD Display  good battery life  amazing user interface  tons of featuresCons: slippery like hell Good cameraI am using lots of other devices but in this price range no one can beat the Meizu M2 notePhone is good but one major issue, as this is a dual handset two slot given but for memory card their is not separate slot given.Hence it is not useful as dual handset as internal memory is only 16GB which is very less as per today scenario.Regards, Ram RaiSound quality is not good.We cant use both sim at a time.No service center & customer care till date.i1.3 ghz processor lower than previous version.But Good bulitup quality hardware/design under 10k tag.New android experience,  so i like it.This phone is awsome. After first upgrade, the battery is lasting very long. Very nice mobile. The features r really exellent. I nearly used most of phones but this phone gives complete satisfaction in lesser cost. Not a single drawback noticed by me...thanks to meizu m2 note.This is the first time i am writing a review for any product, got this phone yesterday through one day delivery and trust me, go for it,crisp display, buttery smooth and lag free ui, everything is perfect except the voice output in earphones(which is also not that bad).It's a great phone. I'll refer it to all my friends. Great value for money! All the great features have in this!! Also I purchasedCase Trendz(TM) Latest Luxury High Quality cover and Chevron Pro Shock Absorbing 0.33mm Tempered glass for screen for this phone. It's awesome!!!Its the most beautiful experience that I have ever got from a phone that I used. The most pleasing, fluent and efficent Flyme OS,Great display,good camera,strong build quality and also a pretty decent battery life.I was very Happy using the phone for more than a week.My  is full and Satisfied.Thanks Meizu For coming with these beautiful products.Good phone. Battery back up is excellent. Display is better than iphone6. Overall  the phone is much more better than iphone 6. In terms of price this phone is one of the best with best features available. Recommend strongly to go for this phone without any second thoughts.Facing some problems in battery, pls send us bill for visit to customer care.superb phone under 10000,but it have an one problem with its contentsso please fix it fast as soon as possible.but the quality is super duper.camera 8/10battery 7/10look 10/10resolution 9/10speed 9/10overall 8/10Nice phone looks good and usage also good I will recommend to buy this phoneActually I'm not but this product but i saw it in YouTube, in this product dual sim's works sure but if u want to insert micro sd then micro sd take sim to slot so please check before u buy this product because sim 2 works micro SD and gsm sim so this is not dual sim phone if this is dual sim phone then there is no micro SD expendableLight weight phone with nice look from front, bad sound quality and camera.don't put your money to wast. phone is not shows anything when you connect headphone ,charger and first place mobile with head phone when return it back kind of defect that phone not include headphone ,you can use only one sim b'cous it was sim holder design ,out put is very bad ,pls learn chines that only can handle it this phoneits very good productNo the phone is really disgusting, getting hanged, Amazon chetead me with incorrect reviews,This is my fourth time I'm purchasing this phone for my friend. This is one the best phone i have seen in my 10k bracket. Best out of the clas built and stellar os and camera with heavy battery life that hold full day with one charges, even receive updatea timely.I m using this phone from  1month, I think with price this is the best phone,screen quality, camera and all is as expected....First I thought  abt mi4i bt as mi4i is not expandable memory,hence I switch to this one...as I m completely satisfied  with this...Best phn ever in my life ,don't think abt the company .jzt go fr it not catch signals in 2G modeheat up mobile while charging and using general purpose and while calling.notification.light does not work in.proper way..somtimes work or sometimes not worked.waiting for one or two days for checking more and if this issue not resolved than I put a replacement for this.Not much of ram left because of flyme... Very disappointing... Over all camera is ok.. Build quality is good.. If u need ram dont buy this...and u cant  use 2sims when u need a sd card memory,, i.e also a good cons.. If u can consider this,, u will like it...Best at this price...but when you update os version... It starts malfunctioning... And after second upgrade document app crashes and also vault is not working anymore...I guess it was my wrong decision to buy this...n I don't suggest anyone to buy this...As case on delivery, kindly cancelle the  orders nos. #402-4572842-5872326 and #402-9346009-6290716. Because I placed another order bearing no. #403-7547956-2924336 by making payment through netbanking  for the same item and the payment was found successful.I am using this from last 30 days.now I m giving my review below*Excellent Mobile*This is the best Mobile in price range 10000=00*Very nice display, good clarity, contrast*Good battery life.*Camera quality is not good in indoor.*Only problem is dual sim problem and sd card that can't be used simantaneouslyVery good phone..with stylish look..all quality is ok but frustrating about in earphones sound quality...shayad wo iski improvement karna bhul gaye local phone ke awaaj se bhi iska awaaj low hai..music sunana isme kafi boring hai...otherwise very good phoneGood phoneBut Quality is concern.I have used for 2 months.Dropped mobile from a chair only,touch screen broken.I have used moto g,many times dropped the moto g nothing happensIn meizu m2 note there is no gorilla glass that is main issueWow nice phone absolutly !! Heating problems were there in starting week but now its alright. Gaming experience is awesome. Camera is damn good in outdoors, but front cam is bit poor indoor rest in daylight its damn good.. The sleek design i love it.Pros:Crisp displayTouch s very goodVery gud cameras both front n back s gudD hot key option s gud(back button)Decent speakerNo lags or hangs really osmFeels gud in hand n nic fair designBattery backup s decent tooooCons:No headset includedWriting this review after 1 week use the battery backup is awesome the feature of the phone is very good there is some problem in camera in low light phone having nice display and good processor nice 2GB RAM and very good OS fly mepowered by Androidi have a problem iam sending msg but why sendng fail not working msgsIt's the best phone for its price range. They have fiddled too much with stock android. Os is not satisfying. But battery is holding up better than other phones similar to these like lenovo or yureka. Camera is also enough. 3g support is very good.Phone is good...Chinese language in apps description is really bad and irritating and shows unfinished project. Otherwise performancewise its average....impressive display...good sun light visblibility.,..battery lasts for a day....Looks are goodIts nice handset with full hd screen.You can also play games smoothly without heating.bettry back is also good as i expected.I have this phone for 4 months but i din't find any issue.I experience somthing new as its on a bit different interface.i must say its a good deal at this price.Amazing phone at affordable price.Pros: Awesome display,Great camera,Gestures,No lag or heating issuesCons:Need software updates, some chinese content is existing..Overall, value for money.If the mobile design is good and the spcification is best. The camera inls very good clearance and battery life is more but the both times not useing duel sim card and thickness is more and more weight..useing nano sim and back panel not open.i like the phone its looks very nice and battery life is very good.The mobile looks elegant at this price point. Everything is good like camera,  Flyme OS, Crisp display. But when it comes to performance its slow. We need to clean the rubbish every 3hrs. Because of that it gets slow down and gets hang a lot.I love this phone..Super smooth touchExcellent battery backupCamera - back - 8/10Front -9/10Browsing - 9/10Looking 8/10In this range it's d  best phoneFeeling amazing watching movies in HD 5.5To begin with, this piece of tech over here, gentlemen, is amazing, from the OS, to the camera everything is amazing, its a package in 10k,i bought this phone 3 months ago, i am a very reckless user, and this phone despite of that withstood my handling and never compromised on the performance. The picture it takes is amazing, the specs, the front cam, especially, is amazing, and to add on to the awesomeness the battery and the 5V adapter charges the phone pretty fast even if u connect it to your computer and select the mode use "usb for charge only", the capacity of the battery is again amazing in this price range and not to forget the octa core processor never hangs with a moderately good storage of 16 gb i,e internal we can add  upto 128 gb and  not to forget it also has an OTG support.the beauty about the phone is the touch,the resolution and the pixel density of 403ppi and the OS is just so damn attractive.Now there are few things you gotta keep in mind when you buy this,you have to maintain the phone like a baby, though it kinda is a tough build, you have to buy a proper shock proof case, make sure you buy it when  you order the phone itself and a shatter-proof tempered glass. because the phone doesn't have a grip at the back, it is way too smooth so when you buy a cover make sure it has a back which is grippy it will prevent it from slippery situations and now the next thing is the delicate screen i managed to break mine though display is still intact but my glass is cracked completely because when you break it its a heartbreak when you look at that gorgeous piece of tech cracked it'll make you feel if you could go back in time and fix it and also that the screen costs half the price of the phone! one more small disappointment is that it doesn't come with earphones :(and now for those who have xiomi and micromax as an alternative in mind, forget about those its not even worth comparing this powerful piece of beauty in tech outstands all just with these few drawbacks that are smooth back and a mildly delicate body but we do have solutions for those so yeah close your eyes and buy this phone! just say " Shut up and take my money! :) " IT IS WORTH EVERY PENNY U SPEND!the links for certain suggestions i made.Chevron Pro Shock Absorbing 0.3mm Tempered Glass Screen Protector for Meizu M2 NoteOriginal iPaky Brand Luxury High Quality Ultra-Thin Dotted Silicon Black Back + PC Gold Frame Bumper Back Case Cover For Meizu M2 NoteAE Original iPaky Brand Luxury High Quality Ultra-Thin Dotted Silicon Black Back + PC SILVER Frame Bumper Back Case Cover For Meizu M2 Note / M1 NOTE2 SILVEROriginal iPaky Brand Luxury High Quality Ultra-Thin Dotted Silicon Black Back + PC Gold Frame Bumper Back Case Cover For Meizu M2 NoteVery much satisfied using this phone.I've been using this phone for around 2months battery backup us brilliant.  Gets changed in 2hrs n lasts for 2days of moderate usage.Camera quality is very superb with a lense of f/2.2 and dual tone flash the picture detailing n depth of field is very nyc. Noise cancellation mic does a very preety job even in crowded place.Audio quality is just average with speaker, good while using headphones or earphones.Its the best cell phone I've ever used. No heating issue at all plus can run high end games with ease[dead trigger, asphalt8, modern combat5].Display quality is just above average.Durability of the phone is mind blowing - I was travelling in the auto the driver turned the riksha very harshly n speedly on a turn that ma phone got slipped n was thrown out of the auto I wasn't sure that the phone may survive bt it did n it was totally unexpected. Ya I've tampared glass over the display but no back cover n there are hardly any scratches on the rare.Very much satisfied using the phone hat's off to meizu.Best part service centre available at my place boisar.I've attached some picks in day light n low light conditions plz do have a check. Phone(meizu) is being compared with sony z2.Nw i used meizu m2 note for 24days..nw i share my expirence with yu...I used yureka plus n xiaomi redmi note n yuporia n htc desrie..Compare all in design..I like meizu design bcuse it has 5.5inch display bt it isliye fit in one hand..cmpare to all..n look wise awsm front look like samsung phone n in gray back look realy awsm compare to white colur of meizu m2 noteCompare all in display..Meizu win..Awsm disply nver seen sch display in such low price..Compare all in camera..Meizu n xiaomi note have better camera..both win in both the camers front or bck.Compare all in proceser..Yureka win becuse it has snapdragon 615 bt heated alot..bt speed is gud in opn ap or browse compare to othr phone.. Bt meizu is nt fast as yureka bcuse of media tek procser bt it can take task easy n nver lagfast n lag fre ...n main part is no heating in meizuCompare all in bettery..Yureka vry poor betry 2500mah..compare to all..N meizu bettry is winer compare to all..it giv 24 hour for modrate user n average user can easliy maintain 1n half gay..without any pro..Soooo in under 10k..I say best phn or killer phn..I also see some youtube videoCompare lenovo k3 note n meizu m2 note..Meizu win becuse of better display n camera n desgin n chrging lenovo k3 note tak 3.25 hours where meizu take only 2.15 hour to time consuming also..And nw service cnter also in india..To..guys no cons only plus points..So best phone undr 10k nw days..In Future xiaomi redmi note 2 come let se..What hapn..Meizu M2 Note is just awesome phone in this price tag...At first i was worried about service center in my city after that the brand is also new.When i read the reviews and service centers are opened i surely wanted to buy the mobile so i placed the order...When i unboxed the mobile:1)The looks are just awesome with premium looks.....4.5/52)camera is quite good i am very much Happy with that...I like the manual option in the camera where others mobiles doesn't have...You can only find in DSLR....Front camera is superbbbbb...Focusing is awesome it perfectly focusing Loved it so much when i am taking the selfie...4.5/5.3)Flyme OS is too good4)Battery is just superbbbb...normal use 2-3 daysHeavy use it lasts 14 Hours for sure  5/55)touch is very very awesome Loved it...:) 5/56)Display is also superbbb....5/57)Mainly i like metal finish so that it will last for long....5/5Overall:Excellent Mobile At this Price tag...I will surely recommend to My friends....Go for it guysUpdate: Reducing my rating to 3 stars since the software slows down considerably (especially WhatsApp) and needs me to restart the phone once every 24 hours. This phone is clearly let down by it's software. Stock Android would have been great on this.Brief summary: A great phone for the price!Battery life: Great! Typically lasts an entire day with moderate usage. Charging times are slow: up to 3 hours for a full charge. No quick-charge.Screen: A slightly warm cast, but very good. Sharp with vibrant colors, good resolution.Build quality: Very good for the price. Plastic body, but feels quite sturdy. Buttons feel good to use. Feels good in the hand.Button placement: Suits left handed people like me immensely, but right-handed users ought to get used to the volume rocker and power buttons being on the left side, tooOS: Latest Android! Flyme OS is quite polished. One of the rare phones with the least amount of bloatware installed. Even Google Apps were not preinstalled by default (except for Google Play), and that's a nice thing. I replaced the in-built launcher with Google Now and the in-built keyboard with the Google keyboard. That makes all my Android phones feel the same way irrespective of their skin.Software performance: The software performance has been quite smooth as such for a phone at this price point. No lags whatever and apps launch quite fast.However, I have observed the following bugs:  - Some apps show a few Chinese characters. But nothing that affects the usage of those apps. Typically, these are folder names etc.  - Phone hangs and resets sometimes with some apps. But these could be defects in the app itself (Chrome, Zite). Sometimes, Chromecast hangs while casting the screenCamera: Back camera is quite good. Colors are good and image quality is acceptable. Focus can be a bit slow and needs some assistance sometimes (manually select the focus region on the screen). The camera app is OK. I haven't tried using the camera too much with the Google camera app to see if the focusing is better.Call quality: Good. Earpiece speaker could have been louderMessaging: I couldn't get the Google messenger to work. So, am using the in-built messaging app. It's Ok. I prefer the Google messenger, though.GPS: Works quite well with Google Maps as well as Uber/Ola apps.I don't use the phone to listen to music. So, can't comment about the supplied earphone quality or the speaker quality for music.I don't play games either. so, no idea how games play on this phone.Great Phone With Elegant Look ..Attractive Metallic Grey color ..Wide IGZO  with Good viewing angles ..And Feather like Touch Pad (You wont even regret about the Missing 'Back button' once you familiarize with Central button's multi functionality  ..Enjoying the features and Not much issues faced until now ..Camera Quality is average ,but UI is good ..Great battery backup ,getting 12 Hrs with Cont 3G /Wifi Use .Personally feels disgusting since for Adding accounts like Whatsapp ,True caller etc it requires WiFi (Wont use Data Plan )Flyme OS is Disappointing ,but other Launchers like Google launcher,Lolly pop Launcher works fine with Stock Android Experience .Headphone is not there in the BOX (Charging accessories and SIM Eject Tool ,With QS Guide) .Altogether Worth for value **..Great features for this price ..And guys this is a review just after few days usage ,Keep this space for updated Review :-)So 2 is still better than all 3s like Mi3 /Lenovo K3 /and Moto G3here are my observations after using it after 3 days,I  have migrated from asus zenfone 5 to M2 note,i updated the firmware(4.5.3I)to the latest version(India version) , i find the inbuilt fly me os is not as slick and easy compared to asus but reasonably ok in terms of touch speed  ,some bugs are still there like folder descriptions of photo & gallery appear in Chinese font ,Current running apps in settings show both english & chinese descriptions.You cant kill all running apps in one go, you have to do it one by one. In your default videos app the videos dont appear automatically unless you add your video folder manually(maybe it was intended that way), I would have liked if they had offered stock android experience instead.For the default music app i cant see the mp3's in sd card list wise unless i add it in my favorite playlist....one by one ,otherwise the Dirac HD sound is a notable feature in the app ,  Music with headphones can't be heard that clear & loud while travelling (maybe due to outside noise) .Front and back camera is OK, video shooting quality is also decent, loudspeaker is OK -not that great i'd say.The volume & power button on left side is a bit bothersome, i would have liked it on the right side (also using it with a flip cover is a bit problematic as you have to open the flip cover every time if you want to access volume and power button). only one button controls the back & home function (maybe it will take time to get used to it,i would have liked keys for each function like all other android phones).Display quality is nice (but take care to protect it ,as they don't offer gorilla glass or dragontrail), voice calls are clear,One major let down i felt was that you can't use two sim cards & if you want to use your sd card also then only one sim can be inserted. Also the way sim and sd card insertion is done, i felt was a bit akward, as you have to pull out the sim/sd card tray with a key pin provided (using any other pin might damage the sim/sd card tray) & then place your sim /sd card & put it back in. .Playing heavy games with high graphics is not that great as some lags & frame drops were noticed.Battery lasts easily for a day.overall the build quality of the phone seems to be ok. The phone may not be perfect in every aspect but could have been better.Good phone.. firstly was not impressed by inbuilt camera app it always capture blurred images so have to download 3rd party app which is working great.."cameringo lite far far better than google camera app"now i can say one of the best camera in 10k range ..infact it is best..i am amazed by its image quality ..before it i was using mi4i its camera was amazing but note2 surpassed it in image detail and colour reproduction ..image colour are close to real color of object..low light photograhy is also good..hence i gave mi4i to my brother because he was in need of mobile..but i am a great fan of xiaomi but now meizu too..For me camera,battery and network connectivity are of utmost importance in all these department meizu rocks!great battery lifegreat looks (premium looks)great displaycharge from 0 to 90% in 100 mingood network receptionAlso recieved good quality headphone in the Boxdrawbackno service network but coming soonLack of acessoriesbut one can directly buy from aliexpress there are lot of optionsoverall my verdict is ..great phoneif confused in k3 note and m2 note than m2 win in camera,display,battery life ,looks,network reception but loose in gaming ..for gaming k3 note is better than m2 note otherwse in every department meizu wins..and lastif worried about after sales support than no need to worry as mx5 has been launched by meizu and will open service centre in all major cities upto novemberand will also provide home pickup support in all citiesso guys go and grab it there is none better deal than thisgood work by amazon"waiting for my cash back "What a beauty hardware I got sub 10k..  really....  No single lag or i don't find any cons..  only bad thing is No service center in India. "(hallo guys you also change international software Version 4.5.3I  to 4.5.3A No problem.Definitely worth the price.  Video quality too good.Best deal for the people with average use. No complaints in last 2 mnths.Satisfied :)If u are tech freak looking for best phone.  Then be ready to spend as well.Looks & features are really good. However, as go on filling phone memory, not even 40% of 14 GB available, phone slows down to open any process even texting is delayed.. makes somewhat irritating experience with the new mobile..!!Disappointed. It is possible I received a defect piece, but by the time I realized 7 days were up and I could not return it anymore. It hangs, it's slow even in performance mode, it crashed twice. Just not happy. Wasted my money.awesome phone in under 10000 buget.....decent display smooth touch.....after used this phone m shocked about a camera outdoor pics is too good other dis segament phone bt little disappionted in indoor shooting in camera manual setting is very good mode......and abt UI its 1st tym m use flyme so its little difficult to me or many option in this phone like in security a guest mode is very good for whom not close to u......and like a inbuilt antivirus and appslock..... many people think meizu hvn't back button or close those apps who running bt its wrong.......meizu m touch button do both work when you want back just swipe ur finger one tym in m touch button and when u jump out the apps just press one time m touch button u came into home screen and u want to close running apps just swipe ur finger  lower side to uper side.....its open all apps who is runing and meizu does not ur 4g/3g data without ur permission bcoz in flyme u have a option lock autolaunch to apps like fb whatsapp and many more apps just chk meizu m2 note window a seurity section......thanks to amazon deliver to me my hndset in 24hour service.....I was quite curious about Meizu since specification wise it seems like the best phone so here it is Real Hands On Review.1. Phone right now is not available in multi colors.2. If you have a iPhone hangover this might be perfect for you to transition into, since they have copied iPhone shamelessly with one touch central button for all features.3. Phone is good to look at.Now other thingsBattery life -It seems good however the energy saving software is not quite as good as other phones in the market like Huawei, so be careful. This phone has a huge battery but use DU Battery Saver to get good battery time. Battery is inbuilt so can be a negative.Heating Up - too much screen use does heat up the phone from the back side, but not too much.The UI - They have Flyme UI which I was uncomfortable with so I installed the Google UI from the Playstore and I was a happy baby again.The whole 1 key operation was rather irritating for me personally, since I am used to 3 navigation keys but it is something you finally get used to.CAMERA-It does have a good camera. In low light pictures are grainy however you are able to lock on the objects quite fast. Pictures are not exactly sharp in low light but they are better than most cameras I have seen on phones of these range or even higher.I think the only phone it can not beat is huawei honor 6 plus or iphone 6.SpeakersAre good.Internet Speed -For me this is an important feature - maybe it was just the poor network conditions, but I was not super impressed with the Internet speeds I got on this phone while moving around the Delhi city. One of the Yureka phones I used, impressed the hell out me when I was using it and since then this has become a factor for me. Does a phone on just 3g or 4g have high speed data transfer. I could not tell. It was good but not the best I have seen.I used Airtel for tests so I can not comment on other providers.NEGATIVES -There is only one sim card slot that you can use making it useless as a DUAL SIM phone since the other one you might want to put a Memory card.If you have questions feel free to ask.product is just awesome .....But in starting I am facing problem of "error 505 " while installing some apps especially GOOGLE PLAY GAMES.But here is the solution....I am also facing this problem at starting but i have updated it to latest flyme version i.e. 4.5.2A from(http://www.flyme.cn/firmwarelist?modelId=44&type=1) and then again do factory reset and then its all done..Now after factory reset you have to install "google installer" from meizu app centre from where you can download all google apps without "505 error".Note - for updating to 4.5.2A version you have to just download the zip file and copy to your internal memory and then reboot yourphone to recovery mode by pressing volume down + power on key and then update it.also after installing 4.5.2A you will have few unwanted chinese apps but you can uninstall them after getting flyme privilidges from flyme account settings  (it is simply root your phone)The best thing I have done recently is buying meizu m2 note.  Awesome mobile with great features. Looks are great and the display is more than awesome, loving everything about it.... Thanks meizu for releasing this beauty. The Meizu M2 Note is the best smartphone in 10K. Design,Look & Feel, Hardware etc are too good in this range.There are some issues with Flyme OS but after using it sometime its nt that much tricky.Go & buy this beast in 10K.Fast camera but clarity averageNight mode camera is good.Front camera okNo hangingLight heating during heavy use.Battery usage on average 1 dayGood phone at cost of 9999NaveenMeizu m2 Note is an ecellent smartphone in its kind. The cameras both front and rear are good. Its touch and processor are fabulous.In total it is an excellent smartphone when it is related with its price.Overall, value for money.Pros: Great display, good performance with almost no heating.Cons: Average speaker, Default SMS app is weird, phoyos from custom app store in folders named in Chinese.Gud phone. Camera excellent  in daylight. Display bright. Cons are difficult to type letter p on touchscreen. May be slight buggy touchscreen  on letter p. Rest no app drawer.  But best phone under 10000The phone works great since last 2 weeks.I was a bit  disappointed with it Heating on the same day of unboxing and also with the camera not as great as heard of. Otherwise phone is great.Best buy at 10k.Its a superb product and value for money. I like it very much. The FLYME interface that is proprietary of MEIZU is just lovely. Very simple & intuitive to use. All in all a great value for money product.good phone and also godd quality of camera....loved itLook and feel much better than yuphoria and k3 note. battery life is good. Touch screen is betterThan other 10k range mobiles.Only shortcoming is SD card and dual sim are mutually exclusive.Superb phone , excellent design . decent performer...All over Better Priduct Very Smooth Touch Good Battry Life Future Ready Tech. Strong Competitor Against Xiaomi Superb Camera Quality With Advance Option Best User Interface Smart Locking & Unlocking Screen option Awesome Shortcut Option for Camera, video  Player Whatsapp & Many More apps Superb FHD Video Recording Central Button for all in one activity like wake  up screen, lock the screen & Back from Menu  With one Touch.  Very Good Audio Quality With or without  Earphone  Better Call Quality With or Without Speaker on  Fastest Wallpaper Change Without any lag No Heating Issues* Overalls Satisfactory ProductJust as they have said about product is true; good battery life, look's, screen, graphics, smooth working, multitasking. All is easily done n said. Slim design is best of all fone. Worth the price.I am writing this review after 15 days usage the phoneDisplay 10/10Camera 8/10 backCamera 7/10 frontPerformance 9/10Battery 8/10Overall best phone in 10k budgetMOREOVER A GOOD BUDGET PHONE....GREAT 5.5 INCH FHD SCREENBUT NO SCREEN PROTECTION !!!!!ALSO THE GRAPHICS PROCESSOR IS A CUT-DOWN VERSION OF THE PROCESSOR FOUND ON MEIZU M1 NOTE !!!!AFTER ALL THE CUSTOMER IS CARVING FOR EVEN MORE BETTER HARDWARE ON THE SUCCESSOR MACHINES.....MAIN CAMERA IS GOOD.... THE DUAL TONE FLASH DOES IT JOB FAIRLY...BUT AGAIN A LET-DOWN AS IT DOES NOT HAVE FM RADIO !!! WHY???? MEIZU WHY???ALSO ONE HAVE TO GIVE UP A SIM CARD IN LIEU OF INCREASING THE MEMORY BY MEMORY CARD.... A BIG LAID DOWN....OVERALL  A  GOOD PHONE  WITH  LOTS  OF  CUT-DOWNS.....DO NOT GO FOR IT....MEIZU FAIL TO UNDERSTAND THE NEED OF INDIAN....XIAOMI HAVE THE FEEL......you will fall in love with the display of this meizu m2 note  i have ordered a grey one and its so premium so light weight for its sizei wonder for 10000 rs how in this planet a phone like this it is being sold absolute true value for money actually you are getting extra 10k price features belive me its a budget phone of the year till datebattery is like a beast on this phone stand by time on this phone is simply superb battery stays for days on this monster pieceits a show stopper phone allready getting lots of compliments on this phone just go for it and then ull come to know the value of this phoneomg words are not sufficient do describe this phone such a master piece from meizuits fabulous smartphone with royal and glossy touch in it.but there is some heating issues.i have returned one piece of it which heated too much.i got finally new one from.amazon by replacement.Phone is good and 1 button is actually really good to use. Day light photo with camera is good but low light picture too much grainy so I returned it. Phone is slimmer that it looks in picture.it is have hang problem.both sim card and memory card can not fix at a time.Not have enough widgats.notification shown is also not good.battery is also not a long time.I am using meizu It is good.but we can not use two SIM card and SD card  at time. It is very bad.But meizu tuch, and fichar are very good. Amazon delivery  was asam. Wery quick rispans.Best phone within budget :)Thanks Amazon!!!!Very nice phonelook is this phone ossam dearThis product is good.I play a game its so much heat.I can use only one sim because there is no slot fo sd card.Battery bacuk is good not betterPicture quality is goodim iphone,xiaomi mi4i,yu yureka and lenovo k3 note user bt after using this phone i must say it is above all and wowwwwwwwwwwwwww...1.display is more then wowww..farrr bettter then k3 note2.bettery backup is more then an iphone(28 hrs on normal use)..k3 note backup is 16 hours under same usage3.camera is wwwowwww......4.processor is good but in heavy games i lags little bit but..dont worry play games in perfomance mode with zero lag...5.looks is wowwww wowww.6,and last but very important point is service...now meizu openrd service centers in india in 45 cities...so again itsss wowwwwww.thts why shut up and take my money..go for itpros: camera is good. both front and back but when taking pics with rear camera you've to put your hands steady..battery is good.peformance is not really good. and flyme os is stupid.Phone is good.. I had some problems with call quality.. There was humming sound..  Updated the phone to flyme 4.5.3 from flyme official site...  It's working perfectly now..  No issues..  .Front camera is good. Rare camera with 13MP is also good but in motion u didn't get a clear picture. Rest of all things superb. Also one problem contact images is not supporting.Perfect mobile in small segment. Some battery issue otherwise graphics, processor, features are incredible.very good company and good delivery system of AMAZON.excellent mobileIn a budget friendly mobile, this is the best phone fulfilling all the requirements of a modern person and all required features.  It is flawless in every department.  Very good mobile.Awesome phonecamera quality is greatMany sections of the UI was still in Chinese and the company did not bother to change it in English before launching. The camera quality was not upto the mark. So I returned the phone.seems nice mibile, just started usinggood issome user friendly features in inboxgood camera featuresvery good contact listbad isbattery not replacable and life is little bit low.The best camera in this range plus the editor provided with itThe user interface is pretty goodGood sound and looks tooWithout more points I would just say I love itbetter smart under 10000.i love this mobile..Good looks ,good battery life ,good screen resolution. Overall  good phone but I am giving  it 2 stars due to the lack of gorilla glass,  otg  support  and poor sound qualityWi fi  is not strong ,it doesn't override 3g network need to do manually,doesn't have English themes only Chinese theme,hope  phone will have longer life,will update later..Amazon as always delivered this product on time.But Meizu quality is really bad. Screen got damaged in 30 days automatically. no service centers.Excellent value for money. If you have extra money to waste u can opt for brands but if you like to get everything they provide at a low cost u should go for meizu m2 note.what a great mobile. filled with everything.Mobile is very good looking and it's display is awesome but the camera is not good and performance bases it us very low and also it is heating a lout which was unexpected.Awesome mobile best didplay quality compare to samsung mobile nice camera .....awesome mobile go for guyzz ...dnt waste ur time to other mobile .....i used since 2 monthsGood phone for the money, Touch and UI is very smooth, only issue is there is no Official Service Centre opened yet in India, but the company said that it will open soon.Everything is okay except mic, i have proceed for replacement as there is some hearing problem to the second person..its like phone is on mute mode for 4-5 seconds.I can connect to my Samsung TV by screen mirroring & battery backup is upto my expectations. It's a all in one best in this segment, totally understanding performance.Smooth user interface. Excellent display. No lag (never tested resource intensive games or apps). Good camera and battery life is more than a day with moderate useageExcellent phone in 10k I am satisfied with Meizu m2 note I think it's value for  money and less in budget also just go for it .only lacking of service center in IndiaI was very keen to buy.But after receiving the product I was disappointed. This mobile in looks as well in performance is not up to the mark.Good to handling easy,Good batary backup display good samaneka camera good samane Walla camera me Thoda sudhar chahiye or. Display revolution Me thoda sudhar chahiyeExcellent  designe and  futures  but only problem with battery  it's drawing very fast with in 4 hours even it's in stand by mode / power saving mode. Wast of momey.Love this phone!Great specifications, great screen clarity, good camera, perfect sound BUT a number of features are in Chinese (it doesn't matter though)Good product ! Amazon simply super doingbone day delivery, those who looking for a fine less than 10 k with good spec, simply go for it!!!!!Amazon rocks!The phone is good overall , the it gets heated sometimes while playing games, also sometimes hang, touch, feel, pixel and looks are awesomeWorth to buy phone in this range with a feature of high end phone like apple I phone, as far as service is concerned Amazon is providing one year warranty against ur gadget, bocoz when Apple launched in India, there was no service centre at the initial time, but hope yo get meizu service centre soon in India.excellent phone. After using Samsung S3 for 3 years it took some time to get a hang of this phone. I would rate it as super value for money. Very good buy indeed.I had ordered this phone and this is my second day with the phone. So far so good. Battery is not that good though but is expected. Camera could have been better.Which company provide good back covers ??Very nice phone for the price rangeVery nice cameraBecause it has a unibody design I can't remove the back but it is attracting no dust because of itMust buy phone  !!!Camera : 5/5Battery 5/5Looks : 5/5Performance pretty decentI Used this for last 2 months ..display is too awesome ..and I love flyme OSNice phone very good display clearity superb,Battery backup is very  good Thanx for Meizu very good smart phone launce & Thanx Tu Amazon superb smartphonethank you so much meizu and amazon for the wonderful device. excellent . meizu has developed very good smartphone using smart features within affordable price.Looks good, no Hindi language,if u want to insert memory card then only one sim can be used or u can say dual sim is optional,one sim plus one sim /memory CardThis phone is great value for money and offers a great display, beautiful design and an above camera both front and rear. Multitasking is also blazing fast and especially internet.But I can't say it's perfect, I have found various issues with this device :FlyMe is not perfectly designed for international usage despite in China.And, I found there is no touch resonse at edges.Also, the LED notification is not working for me, I don't know why but I'm facing this problem the I bought this device.display is awesome 1080p,call quality is awesomebuild quality is one of the best smartphone in 10k rangeI loving itmust buygo for itno doubt the product was very good but Amazon people does not wrote the product is not working 2sim card Plus 1 SD card either 2 sim. Or one sim one SD cardAwesome mob......got gifted by dad.I loved it .so soft touch .n user friendly.. Thank u amezone for so fast delivary.n super I would suggest this to othersGood One with advanced features but complicated in using for new persons for some time to understand features. But Redmi Series are user friendly & better.MIDDLE FINGER FOR THE POEPLE WHO ARE WRITING BAD REVIEWS OF THIS PRODUCT..... THIS MOBILE IS SIMPLY AWESOME. THIS MOBILE IS PERFECT IN EVERY SPECIFICATIONThis phone is simply awesome. What we expected in below 10000rs. It's more than worthy.iam happy about this phone. Very nice display, good battery backup.I am really happy, to got it, awesome phone awesome looks awesome performance everything is awesome but there is no headphones included i love this phoneSuperb smartphone in this price segment meizu m2 note completly beat lenovo k3 note overall performance, superior specification no hanging no lag give smooth performance...Best in class camera, superb IGZO display vivid colour saturation, audio output amazing in headphone but little bit slower in speaker  but no issues, rear and front and front camera is amazing, capture stunning photos and what a look yr superb like iphone 5c 5.5 with 5.5 display.. Overall superb smartphoneGreat specs at a very competitive prices. Looks good and premium for the price. Performance is great, runs even the heaviest of apps and games smoothly.nice mobile ...pros:-great screen and batterycons:-heats up but when register on flyme account n get privileges then no heating.Thanks for good efforts are given by company people....... features are given like  eye phone model .....  Let us wish them to stand in indian market...Its a great phone for this price tag.If someone is looking for mobile at price tag of 10k. then this will be the best phone you can get out there.yeah had its problem but heating is less and speaker is not so good but gr8 value 4 money as camera with flash is goodBest processor in 10k mobile segment.Single tap-double tap click is something interesting n new for usage.Using since 15 days, no issues.Awesome phone for the price offered..it's amazing mobile superb awesome ;)Yeah! The phone is great in all aspect .. Don't listen to ppl who are complening about this phone, worth buying @10k compare to k3note yureka and j7Not so good PHONE.Its very very SLOW,HANGS A LOT. Contact OPENS VERY VERY SLOW....BATTARY IS NOT AT ALL UP TO THE MARK.NO UPDATES FROM THE COMPANY..Phone so good...  And using touch so good..  But  not downloading  from mobile data...  Only Wi-Fi  ... I dnt Knw why...  Rest of this then all niceThe phone is extremely good. Good display, extremely good build quality, camera is decent, fast performer.But the joy of my new phone was turned off instantly as i found the phone to be used one. The phone was definitely used before. See the photos, how the screen guard was removed and replaced, Look at the Dent it has on the back cover, see the back protective plastic was cut. Returning the item.Update: Thanks amazon for quickly replacing the unit.never ever buy this phone...my play store is not working..phone is hanging...battery is awful..*pro.touch.looks.speed.display.price.*Cons.heat.no separate memory slot..Useless phone. The latest flyme 4.3.5l has messed up with google services and now all my google accounts are delinked from phone. Now even after having android, I have no access to my contacts or any other google app. Moreover, Meizu has opened a service center in Boisar which far outside city limits of Mumbai. If Meizu cannot open a service center in Mumbai, atleast they should not say that they have a service center in Mumbai.The phone looks good, but the battery life is OK and not like a 3100mAH. There are no accessories available in market which is also a drawback. I have checked various websites and I am still not sure whether the phone has gorilla glass 3 protection or not. The Flyme OS is not very user friendly and after the debacle with google apps it has made the phone simply useless. Now a user cannot install any app and has to wait till meizu fixes it.It is a good  phone  but  som  problem it is hanging  some  time and they  have  no  FM Radio  camera  quality  is  good  sound  is  goodIt's so good phone...it handles the app quickly rather than lenovo k3 note..and has a grater battery back...excellent in build quality...This my second buy after m1note, Very good quality, Must Buy Phone, Super High Speed for 3G network and downloads, Superb Screen Quality,The phone is good, performance and camera is good the OS is little difficult the Chinese characters are annoying. Otherwise good product.Although I have returned the product but would say it's not a bad product in the range. I returned it bcoz I had different requirements.gr8 phone..very good phone as compared to all phones under 13k..i also use moto g3 but as compared to this m2 note is superbbb....Vivo v1 is more better, vivo is excellent phone and have service centres in all places. Vivo is high performance phone I have ever seenAwesome product ..Good bettery backup..excellent camera. Phone heats up slightly... Nice features ..no need to think twice ..buy it....nyc phone with best specificationCamera is nice...cannot find covers... Very delicious...the phone fell once carpet when I was sitting down still cracked the screen...Good enough for 10k. Get a screen guard and cover and you're good to go. Get the lenovo phone if you can, it's better than this one.Great Price, But product lacks in quality sound and build quality. Rest the product is decent!It is nice phone and great specification.the battery backup is very good. The ram and processors speed is nice and very fast to workeverything is all right till date... but I just found very much lag in this phone why I don't know please do the needful. Thank you.AwesomeFor 10k it's worthyIt's a nice phone with great features and also it has a slimy or sexy look.  But it's sound system has to be little more upgrated .Great product. Value for money . Built quality can be a little better i felt. Product like these should include handsfree as well.The user interface is poor.. Some of the lollipop features were not present like lock screen notifications.. Battery life was poorAmazing phone.  Packed with good feature.  Thanks Amazon. Phone is very slippery.  Better buy IPAKY back cover from eBay for 366.Simplely super this phone ..Little disappointment about this phone camera ..other wise phone will superb..<3 <3This is the best budget phone with all features of high pricei couldnt believe this company has made for such a price..Phone performance is good.Camera is ok...Dual sim cant be used if Memory card is using. same slot for memory card and nano sim.Built quality very poor. The phone is very slippery. It just dropped from my hand and its display cracked. Also the plastic frame edge is gone.No service station available in India.superb one, super design and new experience with flyme OS. perfomance also excellentI have compair with so many equally Note (regarding  price )and found its a good & buityful. Anyone can buy it without fear.Really amazing product from meizuExcellent camera smooth touch beautiful screen in all more than worth from price paidExpected to be more premium but the quirky noise of the home button makes the experience weird. Not a worth of the price .Excellent phone in this category price......  Touch screen awesome....  Battery very good....  Excellent performance......I am using this phone from last 1 week, and its working flawless.->I am not a music buff, so cant say on that part.->I play very heavy games like injustice, stab back it runs very smooth and very fast processing.->battery backup is also good.->indoor picture quality of Camera is not that good.Awesome phone for 10000 rangeId you can't spend more than 10 K on the phone - then please buy this !!!It's the best phone out there under 10 K !Amazing! (https://youtu.be/daly7asDyQA) I got free Hay Day Diamonds! Get yours too in less than two minutes! (f0k9ZJ7u1j)specs are awesome but if you want SURVIVE in india, obviously you people need service centers at least in main city's....I feel sad to bought this product ,I'm not satisfied with this product  ,thus the main reason is back cover of the phone is worthless ,but looks gud ,I does not have service centre in India low processor speed ,otherwise good camera quality and good sound quality,charge back up is very good ,quick charge up..Thank you for read it..Phone is awesome considering the price.Display is pretty good and average camera quality. Apps loading speed is average.Close your central nervous system to change and stick to some other phone at this price range and just click on buy now.Awsome mobile with all new features. No problem of any kind n best in use.Very light in weight and good in looks.Hi mobile is good,but sim inserting is tough n camera clarity is good  but angle of photo is reversed which side we takeYes it did to a large extent. Except for a small glitch which is that Google play store does not function. That was all.Such a brilliant made by meizu amazing display superb sound quality even both cameras are unexpected superb thanks meizuWhen answering call mobile warms.Some heat issueMobile so pretty Display looking greatSimply mobile superbbAudio quality is not good and we can't use two Sims and SD card at a time. Accessories are not available for this modelThis phone is totally Worthy, for 10 k it is a very nice phone with great look and nice features. While it have some cons but it pros are more heavy. Must buy for 10k. Now service centres are also available....Great phone for the given price. It does what is promised.Cons: Slightly heavy and gets hot when extensively used. Also need to charge twice a day for very heavy usage.But still I like it better than few other phones that are double the price of this. One good thing is it supports OTG. It is very convenient.Was functioning ok in the first month of purchase. Then, it started getting hotter near the receiver/front microphone.meizu m2 note a good productI am using this device from 5 days battery back is good.camera was too ...gaming in this simply superb....worth of iti have a problem to setting account. I want to set my gmail account in contacts but by default flyme account  is set.Awesome Device...Nice fulll HD screen and Camera...all specification are good...and 40 service center across india...Best deal ever ,the best product by Meizu that i can compare with Honor 4x,,,also on 15% cashabck as i used HDFC cardDoes it have a sevice centers in hyderabad. Im ver eager to buy this. Its looks r eye chaching. Definetely meizu will rule india in coming days. Its looks and design r very extra ordinary.I want to tell to meizu company to mnufacture by using CYNOGEN MOD OS. This OS will beat all OS. It is very userfriendly.dont waste your hard earned money on this mobile. It gives lot of noise when you are on important call.other side caller will not hear you.For me bad selection that is the reason i request viewres not waste your moneyPeoduct is good but not upto mark in respect of camera quality its 13 mega pixel is not equivalent to 5 mp of moto gNice phone but audio is low on headphones.UI is need to update some apps are not install like google play app.Design  - Great - very goodFront  - GreatBack   - GoodThere is a very small heat issueIam using this phone about 4 months iam not realy impresed wit prodct  .the phone gets heated quckly .the back camara produce decent images but front camara is rely poor it gives good images only in good lighting condition and video quality also pathetic ..but the display is realy awesome and battery life too.Meizu is not good as I expected it. Rear  Camera quality is bad and is blur front is good battery is good but no FMThis fone is exellent. which i got is the best fone in very low price. display clearity is toomuch clean and sharp.The best mobile under 10000/-It has some gestures also.Finally i am says that the ultimate best mobile.phone is good.  built quality is good. only fault is language which is chinese. any body to guide me on this issue.Wooowwwww.... Chummeshwariiiii....smartphone for smartpeople.... Thanksss... Meizu for such a classyy masterpieceProduct is NICE but its accessories is difficult to find.. not even available in local market like Nehru Place..OVER ALL ARE GOOD BUT ONE OPTION UNCOMPATABLE ITS DUEL SOCKET TOW FOR SIM OR ONE FOR SIM OR MEMORYCARD.........this ph has touch problem.An average phone. Many applications have Chinese language only is a drawback. Problems in loading memory card.I like this phone.Pro1. Nice design2. Smoth performance3.Nice camera quality4. Good flyme OS5. Great DisplayCrons1. No FM2. Bit heating3. No service center India4. bit problem in typing letter pIts amazing phone I ever used. Sound is bit slow but good. No problem with it.All game lovers attention!!!Put phone on performance setting.U can play any game on high graphic.Guys if u want to buy mobile under 12000 K meizu m2 note is best one.  Good battery life no heating issue....meizu m2 note is very heat and resound in every call and early discharged battery. so this is not safe fone.FM radio is not available.Still Chinese version is on. overall performance is worth for money. .Good Looking & Featured Mobile but No Accessories available in Local Market one has to purchase only online.best phone under 10Ki think this is a oneplus  lternative :D as price of this mobile is too low when compared to specs nd design  Things i  love this mobile :Amazing camera qualityAmazing battery backupPremium designOne  home key with.many functionalitesGestures to wakeup devicepower saving mode and so onOnly one con : sound quality not as.speaker is at the bottom i dont like reponse from the amazon as they are provinding replacement.they are providing only refund ! Iam  facing colour issues with the device !Www.Youtube.com/user/thevinayvinu For  reviews.unboxing tutorialssim slot eject problem & sound qulity avg plus points front camera good,rear camera avg,flyme os goodExcellent phone.... Don't know why this is not being reviewed with other brands like moto, infocus, mi etc.A very good phone in this price range. Moreover there is no heating problem unlike other low budget phones.Look is very nice but can't load the sim/sd card in the cartridge. The size is smaller. Didn't expect this.It's not up to the mark..Excellent phone go for itIt's good in comparison wth other phones of same range. But it seems to b little complex in handling......This phone gets heat up by normal use and the os of the phone is not niceMissed call,outgoing,incoming calls are on same screen and it hard to use ever messeanger also have this problemIF YOU ARE NOT GOID IN PHONES THEN YOU SHOULD NOT BUY THIS PHONEBAD PHONEpackaging amazon is not good.product is good but white color looks not goodDisplay is good but not bettercamera is averagebattery backup is goodflyme os is not impressive.sim tray quite hardly to removeoverall value for moneyAfter successful updation of the flyme latest  OS version  4.5.4I the Google settings were changed and automatically Google settings were signed out. After that logging into Google account is not happening.  Can any one please help how to login into Google settings?using it for last 5 days..timely delivery by amazon...commendable work.1. lookwise it seems to be like high end devices...even better than them.2. being such a large phone it feels like a feather in your hands while using.3. screen resolution, brightness and touch response is the usp of this device...you will be amazed to see the display.4. battery life...will easily last for a day if you are a moderate user.(havent played games..so no idea)5. camera..both front and rear produce very good quality pictures in proper lighting and so so in low light..every phone has the same quality images in this price segment.6. flyme GUI is pretty easy to use but it needs a lot of improvement...yes chinese content is there..(havent updated the indian version) which annoys sometimes.7. yes its true that sound through the speakers is too low..but using a good quality earphone and enabling DiracHD would make a difference...produce good quality sound.rest in 10k bucks you cant have better deal than this one..i would strongly recommend it..feel the new experience.everything was okay but one thing iritating me that s display clearity..for display i ll give (1/5)The phone is really great actually I didn't buy it from amazon but on Aliexpress directly from china. Everything is gud camera is excelent front and back the battery life is gud, not much heating like xiomi m4 while charging, the disappointment to me was that it does not support cdma I have tata cdma it recognize the sim and the network operator but it says network is not available since the company says it supports world cdma so was disappointed. But the phone is great the functions too r gud the flyme os also gud. There is only one button for going back and back to home screen. If anybody can solve my cdma problem kindly reply back. Thanks for reading.So far good experience. Battery life is good.Few icici bank application are able to install.Worse product in my lifeIs that OTG supportable.Great design and qualityAwesome product really worth for money... Thank you amazon to deliver this product as quick as possibleGood product with matte finish.Feels nice to hold in hands.I recommend it for everyone. Value for moneyGo for it at this price range you will not get anyother phone with great features pretty awesome phoneAwesome phone nice features and performance is also good no lag what so ever in the usage of the phoneExcellent quality.Double worth for the money.Camera, battery, performance are really rich.Great value for money. Sound is a let down. I don't use it for heavy gaming.Performance is very good.Meizu M2 NoteAwesome phone with Great specifications and low prize. I like this phone very muchPhone is awesome.battery backup is superb.camera is good in this price. Display is best. I am happy .M using this phn...vry nc performance..n batry..N awesom display n camera qualityMobile is very good but I need dual sim with external memory option that's why I can't purchase.....Not satisfied. product received is in chaina version and not english version. facing lot of trouble.Amazingly amazing phonevery nys, goid deliveryNice looks.Slim and light weightfull HD screen - Use a Matte finish screen guard to avoid glare. otherwise all the world will see in the screenEasily readable in sunlight.2GB ram, 1gb free Normal case. So it's ease to navigate through apps.16gb memory. ~11.5 gb available for use - it's enough now, and can expand with second sim slot.Battery - lasts a day with above average use. If only phone calls it lasts 3 days.Both sim slot supports 4G band.Both cameras are above average. and a slow motion option too in video.Overall Great performance.pro :1. excellent customer support2. no lagging3. good battery backup4. nice camera5. loved flyme UIcons :1. heats up very quick2. heats upto such an extend that it seems that phone might bust .While talking an interupt sound is coming on reciever side. It has irritating sound while talking.phone is good, working ok, no problems, but it is not rotating, the screen, when I turn the phone.I have used many android phones of Samsung and Sony...  It is much far better. Camera is too good.performance good but wi-fi signal not receive properly and network signal also not receiving well.I like this product very much.i give 4 star because for the flyme os.Build quality is outstandingGot heating issue after 4 days of use and now after 10days i also have some battery backup issue.This is one sim nobileI hv waited for 2 month 4 this device... N its worthy...Camera lovers should buy this one.Sir,  I wish to tell you that,  meizu product feature wise good but quality of the product is very bad. My handset just fell from my hand and display got broken I felt shocked how gorrila glass. My earlier Micromax handset fell so many times but never display glass broken.More over when I visited service center in Basavangudi Bangalore, the in charge treated me very badly,  he didn't see my handset also. He said physical damage no warranty and it cost 6000/- . I asked him to reduce the price, when I paid 9999/- Atleast price should be less than 50%. he didn't respect.  He said if you want do or leave.  Never expected this. As a New product company should respect and should good care for customer. But here no care for customers only.  Well I felt disrespected as a normal person. Because he didn't knew that am working for Times of India so it was not a big thing for me to publish this issue in our edition. Before that I just wanted to inform you. As I bought product from Amazon.  So request you to not to promote this product at all. Now am scared to take new product from Amazon,  to be frank I was planning to purchase Coolpad note 3. So am still thinking. Hope you will consider my experience and come out with good results.Regards,Shrikanth PaiDecent phone under 10k. I found Flyme OS to be very snappy and polished. This phone does not have any Chinese crapware. Preinstalled Gapps are minimal, comes installed with playstore and maps only. The One touch button is very handy - once you get used to it. I had issues with the firmware that did not allow saving/synching google contacts however this seems to be a known issue. After upgrading to the latest official firmware on Flyme website it worked just fine.The phone's display is no doubt very good.The camera is impressive too however at times may not focus correctly. I read that they have used a Samsung sensor on the rear camera which explains the good quality of photos. The color reproduction of rear camera is fair. Front camera is just Ok, nothing special about it. Battery life is very good, easily goes over a day with moderate to heavy use. Per meizu specs they have a Sony made 3100 mah non removable polymer battery in the phone. Earpiece and speaker volume is good. Other features include smart gesture support, notification Led, dual tone led flash and very efficient memory management. Not many people know that FlymeOS keeps last 8 apps live in memory, so when switching between apps there is Zero lag as the apps don't relaunch. Phones with Vanilla android re-launch apps from scratch even when switching between recent apps. Overall this phone feels very good in the hand. Based on my experience for over 2 weeks I would rate it 8 on 10. Thanks.Here's my detailed review after using for more than a week.This phone is amazing.  Just amazing.Before buying I compared all the phones in 10k price range- Yu yureka,  K3note,  Honor 4x. In the end it was between this or Honor 4x coz those two are the best phones in this range,  trust me I have used all four.  And I decided to go for this one.And yes it was the best decision I made.As you remove the phone from its box, you'll go 'Wow', it looks that beautiful. In fact wherever you go people will always look at this phone. It's design language is a slight combo of Iphone 6 and the One plus two. Best of both. So aesthetically it's the BEAUTY.Performance wise it's the BEAST. If you're a gamer go for this phone. If you're a non gamer go for this phone too..  For gamers, I have tried all the heavy games- Implosion(2gb), NFS most wanted (2gb), Gta San andreas. Works lag free without a stutter. For now gamers this phone won't hang even when you're watching movie in high resolution, or shuffling songs or just multitasking between 7/8 apps simultaneously.  The 2gb ram is more than sufficient to handle anything and this phone multitasks well.The Screen-  It's one of the best part of this phone.  The 1080p screen,  the color saturation, the clarity, just mind blowing.Ruggedness -  In seven days I dropped the phone twice,  on tiles and on concrete. Just a tiny scratch, people say Chinese phones will break but this won't.Os-  Yes the flyme Os is a bit different from Android but it is absolutely great.  It looks cool, and has great functionality.  I have been a stock android fan for years but this Os is a new twist and something different from the usual. You will livHere's my detailed review after using for more than a week.This phone is amazing.  Just amazing.Before buying I compared all the phones in 10k price range- Yu yureka,  K3note,  Honor 4x. In the end it was between this or Honor coz those two are the best phones in this range,  trust me I have used all four.  And I decided to go for this one.And yes it was the best decision I made.As you remove the phone from its box, you'll go 'Wow', it looks that beautiful. In fact wherever you go people will always look at this phone. It's design language is a slight combo of Iphone 6 and the One plus two. Best of both. So aesthetically it's the BEAUTY.Performance wise it's the BEAST. If you're a gamer go for this phone. If you're a non gamer go for this phone too..  For gamers, I have tried all the heavy games- Implosion(2gb), NFS most wanted (2gb), Gta San andreas. For now gamers this phone won't hang even when you're watching movie in high resolution, or shuffling songs or just multitasking between 7/8 apps simultaneously.  The 2gb ram is more than sufficient to handle anything and this phone multitasks well.The Screen-  It's one of the most best part of this phone.  The 1080p screen,  the color saturation, the clarity, just mind blowing.Ruggedness -  In seven days I dropped the phone twice,  on tiles and on concrete. Just a tiny scratch, people say Chinese phones will break but this won't.Os-  Yes the flyme of is a bit different from Android but it is absolutely great.  It looks cool, and has great functionality.  I have been a stock android fan for years but this Os is a new twist and something different from the usual. You will love it.Button -  Yes this phone only has one button in the centre. The button has a touch panel, so if you touch it once it's 'back'  and press it for 'home'. The navigation become pretty simple and fun too. There is no navigation bar to take up your screen space so your experience will be immersing. Trust me you'll be used to it in no time.Battery- I got max 7 hours and 40mins of screen on time with WiFi and no sim. I also played music through speakers but that didn't affect the battery much which is great.It has power saving modes too so don't worry.Gestures- This is one amazing feature that I wish all phones had. Double tap the screen to on it. Even when the screen is off you can change songs just by  swiping left and right which is just awesome.The cell reception is also great and it has 4g too.Flyme Os is also good.People are saying that the only con is speaker output but it's not that bad. The speaker output is normal, not great but not bad. And headphones are not given but even Samsung normal headphones give great output.So no major con yet. Yes it's a Chinese phone, so is One plus and Xiaomi. Yes it has service centers all over India. There is no scratch guard in the box so order one online before ordering the phone. It's accessories aren't available everywhere coz this phone is only sold online. While my tempered glass arrives from Amazon, I put a one plus two screen guard, it works too. And get a cover online too coz this phone is a bit slippery, like the iPhone.Don't worry, Buy this.I took a risk by buying this phone, but it turned out to be great! It has a great performance, good battery life (lasts for a whole day), and I was very impressed by it's super power saver mode which can elongate the phone's battery (I turned it on at 18% and it lasted for 12 hours). Camera is awesome, has some manual features as well. [Note that this phone is not for ultra gaming, but it plays games quite well (bit better than moto g 3rd generation)]The phone is quite big, but it's smooth curved design lets you use it with complete ease, and there's no flaw in the design. Unlike other android phones, this has only one button (which is both clickable(home) and capacitive touch (back), but it does NOT have a fingerprint scanner). It's very easy to use after you get used to it. The screen is sharp and bright (and big). The build quality is good. The software (Flyme OS, based on android lollipop 5.1) is good and has google play in it.The only bad thing about this phone is that there's very less support for it. There is a list of support centers for meizu phones that I found on snapdeal's website. Also, you cannot it's covers and screenguards in the markets around you, so you can get them online (I got it from Amazon only). Also, the volume of the loudspeaker is not high. You can hear it, but not clearly in loud envioronments.Well meizu m2 note is one of those things that you like the hardware on the phone but absolutely hate the software.I'll list my thoughts starting with what I liked in the phone to what I disliked1.Amazing screen 1080p looks gorgeous on the sharp IGZO display2. Nice build quality unibody non removable back cover (though for some people don't like that as batt is non replaceable)3.Decent battery I won't say outstanding but ya gets you through the day need to charge it every day.4. Good camera for pics in nice lighting conditionsSeems lagging in low light conditions ( if u click many pics this isn't the phone for u)5. Dual Sim nano but if u want to use micro sd card expansion then u sacrifice one spot6. When I bought the phone I thought it will be filled will Chinese bloatware but to my surprise it isn't not at all like Asus zenfones only a few apps pre installed7. Sim card tray not properly finished it moves slightly feels kind of looseNow the main reason that i didn't like the phone8. Buggy fly me os and I mean very buggyNo app tray all apps on the home screen like iOSOf course u can install 3rd party launchers to overcome this part9. Slight heating noticed on the back and front panel on the top side now that's a problem as when u talking on the phone the area around the ear piece becomes warm I wasn't comfortable with it10. Speaker volume too too too low cannot hear a single notification or phone rings( update u can work around this by going into engineering mode and increasing the output to acceptable standards)11. Main problem many apps just don't push notifications in flymeNo whatsapp notifications for hours togetherNo gmail notifications for hoursI tried everything went on forums disabled the security appSet sync on for whatsappLocked whatsapp in app tray so that the system doesn't kill it after some timeBut nothing workedYou will have to open whatsapp everytime to receive notifications and then it will work for half an hour or so but again it will stop the notificationsI just cannot live with that12. I was facing some network issues too while connecting to Vodafone 3g but that I can't say for sure was it the phone's fault or no13. No service center within Mumbai is way on the outskirts like boisar or someplace.14. Even if u can root the phone unfortunately there is no cyanogen firmware for it .I feel this is the most deserving phone which needs a cyanogen firmwareFlyme just doesn't do justice to itAnyways I hope I have helpedI liked the phone in most aspects but a few small things I just couldn't overlook which are very important to meIf u guys can live with those buggy flyme things I suggest go for itBut for me I'm returning itThanks allNOT SATISFIED:-Ordered and recd this phone, with lots of hope and optimism, but all hopes were dashed after using this one.Just to share that, I have been using Google NEXUS-4 (LG), for last more than "2" years, I never faced any issue, might be that raised the standard for other phones to follow.Purchased this one after comparing lots of phone within this range, comparison was done on all basis viz a viz configuration. technicalities, looks and so on .....(Pretty long list), initially seemed to be a very wise decision, but after using this phone for 2/3 days my perception started to change. This is not by any means near to NEXUS or for that matter SONY, MOTOROLA and ASUS (I have used all these phones).This phone actually gives you jitters once you start using and exploring the phone.To name a few issues:-- Lags a lot (At times Phone Book does not open even after 30 seconds)- Most of the APPS hangs and subsequently SHUT DOWN.- Lots of Options are in Chinese and there is no option to change them to English either, so these are virtually useless for INDIAN buyers.- Even it takes good amount of time to identify WIFI and connect, where as some other phones are quite fast and instant.- At times it takes a lots of time to updates you regarding the missed call or last dialed call as it does not reflect in CALL LOG.- Some of the notifications settings does not work at all i.e you can not choose the particular notification sound/light or icon, even if it shows in "Settings", it does not work.To put it simply, if you are using the phone for business purpose for which SPEED and Accuracy are the perquisite, this phone is clearly not for you, this is not a BUSINESS phone which is actually smart and efficient.NO agility , NO Speed and NO SMARTNESS....I still have missed some issues to state here, but honestly, this is not a good experience..YESIf you need a phone for entertainment, i.e, watching videos or clicking selfies or snaps, this is a decent choice..CHOICE IS YOURSMy Phone is up for Sale...Have been using this phone for a week now and here are my reviews...Firstly bought this phone with 15% cashback offer....got earphones free....mind u the earphones r designed exclusively by meizu n they give u superb output.Detailed review by experts:http://www.ibtimes.co.in/meizu-m2-note-vs-lenovo-k3-note-vs-yu-yureka-plus-vs-xiaomi-redmi-note-4g-buy-smartphone-your-643882Pros- 1 beautifully designed n superb n crisp display2 takes very good pictures n selfies wid camera3 flyme os is pretty gd with nice twirks4 battery lasts more than a day with balanced mode5 performance is good fr a budget phone ( but m1 note performs well)6 dragontail protection...but gorilla cud have been betterCons1 loudspeaker output is not gd2 processor n gpu used shud had been same as m1 note as avid gaming players wud certainly check this very aspect3 camera takes pictures only in 14:3 dimension....hope this gets fixed in next ota updates4 gets heat up after playing games n browsing....but nt much to worry about as this is becoming common in all smarphones5 hope they release ota updates as currently the inbuild app center n themes r available only in chinese langTo conclude a well build n designed smartphone.....better than lenovo k3note n yu yureka in many aspects.....First of all,appreciation for Amazon services.Product arrived nicely packed and on time.I have been using it for past few days and my observations are as follows1)Great build-Looks good in hand.2)Very good  display.At this price,the display is vivid,colorful,crisp and bright.SHARP displays are always crisp and consumes less power as compared to others. Protedcted by AGC Dragontail(ASAHI) with NEG(Nippon Electric Glass Company) for chemical strengthening.3)Call volume is good.4) 4G(Airtel) works nicely,so is the performance of 3g and Wifi.5)Front camera is better than rear one.But that doesn't mean rear camera doesn't justify its 13 MP.6)Excellent out put via earphones(included in box).You need to swicth on Dirac HD sound and select EP 20,EP 21 as per earphones included.7)Excellent battery .Install a battery manager and Greenify(It now works in non rooted phones) and extend battery life.8)Some people say they have problems with installing and playing Candy Crush.But On my handset,Candy Crush installed without any issues and is working perfectly.9)No hangs,No reboots experienced till now.10)Yes it does heat up mildly.Few cons:1)Average speaker output.But  fantastic job with earphones(Dirac HD Sound on).2)Chinese language for us. Flyme website is in Chinese,so are few applications and processes descriptions.I have given it 4 stars, as At the end ,I think that I am getting more for what I have paid.A very good &nice phone this but the language Chinese problem good performance money not wasteHandz offf amazone i love thiz application nd thiz mobile .thankz for providing me thiz phoneBest performance in this mobile. This mobile screen is amazing battery is nice and nice look.It is well and good !great phone go for itNice phn in 10k rangeBest quality productsgreat mobile, camera quality is very good, sharp display, working very fine value for money.Best phone in this price.. Its very light also..camera is good ..-and battery backup is goodSuprb phone.camera overall better at this pricepoint. Display too great. Overall best phone.Good product for the price. Display,Performance is very good and camera is an average one.SUPERB THANKS AMAZON REALLY LIKE IT UR SERVICE AND EVERYTHINGTHAKS FOR THIS P[RODUCTSuperb performance....Worth for the MoneyFlymer most function not available in indiaGo for it with 9.9k without doubt but meizu has to increase processor to at least 1.7 GHzexcellent performingslow internet accessWhere  is f. M Redio ? 20% showing Chinese  loungvage. Its worng.. Other wise good phoneMagnificent..super performance after using nearly 20 days..fully satisfied.. Meizu rockspurchased one month back. its ok. but its going auto off/on. in that mean its not good..I have used many budget phones, but Meizu ranks as one of the worst value for money. It has got an amazing screen, but it lags and becomes slow too often for a 2GB phone - even if iits budget.People complain that they hear lot of background noise when they speak to me - not always - may be once in 5 times.Its Android OS flavor, Flyme OS, is not really a polished product. And sadly there is no custom ROM for Meizu. Atleast for Xiomi, yu etc you can use Cyanogenmod.It is clunky - and feels large. I didn't like its shiny plastic.And sadly my white Meizu looks awful since its front bezel is black - it seems taht I have put a white colored cover on a black phone.So its not a bad but the best part about budget phones is that you can tinker it (if you know how), root it, apply custom rom to it and make it the way you want. Sadly Meizu is not capable of it.Nice phone but one sim one card slot there may be saprate card slot with two SIM slotsAwesome design, light weight, good camra, good battery life....but speaker is not goodvery nice UI, good display, battery backup also good.sound quality is very poor.Best mobile ever in this price range only problm is it dont have headphones in the boxDon't buy it.Despite all the goodsIt's has one major flaw. It does not detect touch response one the edge of the screen.So I cannot type letters P Q and any thing else on edges. Even worse when browsing because every option on webpage is on edges.So don't go for it.Don't get fooled by all the good reviews.And its on every m2note not only mine.Also there is no led notification'.Hangs a bit...and not that much reliable.. Battery drains fastly.... No headphones...Not what I expected. Phone keeps freezing and memory slot doesn't work with any card.Well Well Well. This Meizu is a pleasant surprise . I lost my One Plus One , wanted a decent device till the time I get an invite for the One Plus Two. The M2 note has exceeded my expectation for the price that I have paid for the product. The screen of the M2 note is one of the amazing LCDs in the market. Believe me I have used AMOLEDS and this screen is a quite pleasing to the eye being an LCD display.Pros :The colors look vibrant on the screen and sunlight visibility is great.The processing power is good enough for everyday use.The build quality is quite good.and Fly me Os is easy to operate .Battery lasts for a day .Havent checked the camera quality yet but it appears quite decent from the quality of some images that I have taken.The mBack button is a good addition to the device, being able to add a micro sd card is a boon.The earphones supplied in the bundle are good as well.Cons :None as of now.Here is a review about this phone after two days of use..Okay, so I have previously owned a Xperia Z Ultra, which apparently was a fabulous device, but was quite big. The reasons for selling my sony and buying this are the pros of this phone which are:-Perfect 5.5 size for carrying-Light weight-Decent Rear camera, perfect front camera. Also, rear cam has Dual Flash-Double tap to wake gesture (this is what I love)-Volume panel on the stock music app (no need to use volume buttons)-Sound quality is nice and loud enough (I dont know why people are complaining of low sound, its perfect though)-Display with 403ppi looks flawless-No navigation bar, so we have the whole of 5.5 screen-Its does not support fast charging, buy it really does charge fast !-Good touch-Data speed indicator in status bar (optional)-I got free earphones ;)Not to miss the cons, which are:-Accessories are not easily available-Rear camera autofocus is a bit laggy, but an update might fix it-Not much people will like the flyme launcher, I'm using a custom launcher-Only single sim can be used if you want to use an SD card as they share the same slotMy judgement: For me, the pros clearly over weigh the cons of this phone, and thus its a worthy device!Meizu m2 note's Camera quality is not good and phone gets warm instantly and lack of inbuilt FM  radio if require need to install app nd it works on internet. Overall i am disappointed.Camera is excellentBattery  backup is very goodBiggest con is no updatesFew things are still displayed in Chinese. Need a software update. Hardware is good.Worst mobile iwant to returne it as early as possible display shows error on 1st switch onDon't ever go for this phone, it's completely unstable phone, the worst there's no back button, and phone will heat up within 5 minutes after watching videos or playing games, I did replace 2 times and all them has a flaws, the first one heating and second one brightness will increased or decreased by itself, and the calling option can disappear anytime... So Don't waste your time for this Phone.Oprating ststem not show my contact list on my whatsapp.have you same problem guys?Excellent: display, camera and battery life, cool mtouch button, very slim bezels contribute to very good looksGood: Performance, comfortable to hold , charges quicklyBad: loudspeaker isn't good, one handed operations not easyAfter that quick roundup it is easy to see the phone has very minor flaws. Unless the loudspeaker is the main requirement the phone will serve all your needs perfectly. The display and camera is excellent. The battery life rocks. Full day usage with IM and Facebook and you will still be left with 20%-25% battery at the end of the day. The camera is excellent. The display is very sharp and accurate and the phone never lags. Minor lagging when playing Dead Trigger 2 but asphalt works absolutely fine.Overall excellent device. Totally  satisfied with itFirst off all great work by amazone delivery in just 1 day thankx.Now come to the phone specifications i want to give rating for every function.Look- 9/10Performance- 9/10Screen resolution- 9/10Camera- 10/10 excellentBattery- 8/10Heat- 7/10 actually every 2gb ram get heat so its also get littlebitNetwork- 5/10 why 5 because in that phone when you use internet there are 3 option 4g preferred 3g preferred and 2g only now problem is that if you are in 3g network and signal come and gone the network automatically settled on 2g network and you are not able to use fast internet. It is good for whom there house are very near to network tower.Conclusion- if u looking for a 5.5 inch screen phone is good in price range but you should be in rich network area.Really great phone under 10k. Its the best phone out there under 10k.Pros:Great DisplayStylish looks and slim deviceAwesome camera( both front and rear)No lag at all(best performance)Flyme OS ( its really smooth and lag free. I dont know why people are saying its not good!!! Trust me its best, its fast and user friendly)Call quality is the best(4.7 out of 5) and it has 4G too.Cons:Speaker(its not too loud but not the best as compared to my Moto G2, but you can hear its clear sound, so I would rate it 3.8 out of 5)No FM Radio built in ( but you can always download it from the Playstore).Overall its a great phone if u have a budget arount 10k-13k. And yes there are service centers of Meizu in India!!!!Go and buy it.noise placed incoming call no identified.volume is low compere with others brands.Phone hanging several times we have to restart then only the functions are workingEverything in this phone is just awesome.I have purchase this phone before 2 month and I have no issues till now. If anyone is thinking of purchasing the phone so go for itExecellent handsetNice Phone, Super Performance, worth for 10K...Fast Shipping...Thank u  Amazon...yap I will Give U 5 star . If U Fix Bug Problem. Play Store , games Loading. Etc.A Good smarthone with awesome features ...Expected a bit more build qualityPhone is good but lags some times and heats up on continuous use, buggy Flyme OS.Awesome phone. More than expected.  Flyme OS is superb. Total rating 9.5/10.VCF incompatable, and single sim slot with mem card slot ,rest phone is just ok.Theek hai, good for people who are buying a really good phone in a good low costGood so far. Have not tried to full potenial as am away & using other phone too.Value for Money. Major drawback is low audio output. Sleek design. Light weight.Camera was lagging on auto and picture also lacked details so had to return it .Very nice n super I like it Amazon.... A 2 Z very good function. Thanks Amazon.Best phone under budget.... They should give award of best phone of 2016Little bit confusing for the first using and no heating generation from mobileDo not buy this phone very expensive and not adequate performance poor qualityiam very happy to recieve this item much earlier than i expected...... thanks!Nice work but problem in language also showing Chinese language with English .very fast ,No lagYureka plus is better or this m2 note is better in camera and other aspects??Very bed camera ... and sad battery ...... and the good thing is nice designHanging and slowness issue and camera not up to the mark Lenovo K3 is betteri like my phone(meizu m2 note) very much bcoz this phone wonderful features'To much heating problem when im using any appOther wise its good phoneTHIRD CLASS CHINA PRODUCT GIVES YOU FEELING OF CHINA HANDSET NOT WORTH 10000Great device but not syncing with Google contacts,  a dead pixel visible toosuperb fast charging..... camara is bit less as 13 mp. but super class phoneAn awesome phone for the price range go for it if you budget is within 10k.Awesome phone with get a awesome experience with an amazon delivere serviceGreat budget phone....I'm using it for a week and there is no such problem in this phone...Battery lasts for one day easily...Flyme UI one of the best...Great touch...Sound is also good & clear....Good built quality with premium look..Using 4G is a great experience in this phone...Best display in this price segment....Voice call quality is crisp & clear...The only minor problem I noticed is heating ....If u using this phone for a long time for gaming or video streaming or net surfing you could face some heating problem other wise it is OK...Highly Recommended....A very good phone for the price range of 9999..Superb! More features at low cost..Doesn't give u a China mobile Feelingmobile is perfect for the cost, but the only drawback is heating issue..This is my 17 th android device,the phone is preety good to worth it....Very good cell phone and good for price range having good specificationvery heating in the mobileSound quality is vry low in at head setGood mobile. Nice interface but not better than the new coolpad note 3k. And get heat and profemance is very lowProfemance is very lowHave been using it for a while. And I have to say it's pretty amazing!Performing reasonably well....Attractive & sensual smartphone...Camera is Awsome. Battery is getting heated and charge decrease early.Overall the device is decent but it heats up a lot with heavy usage.It's a good phone but bad os.  The aim and micro SD sharing too bad.The audio quality is poor. The recipient is not able hear my voice most of the times as the volume fluctuates and is very feeble.Excellent phone, good OS skinning, performance. Superlative displayBattery performance  is not good. Why  compact  panel. Rest is on.aseome mobile camrea is so good and the games are running perfectlyAwesome Phone....huge in size with awesome features....just love itDear sirThe Mobile Nexus M2 Note is not working since I started  using of the same.  It is suddenly getting  completely  blank and am unable to use it.  I thought  of giving a complaint  regarding  the same,  but couldn't  do so,  as I am suffering  with eyes  problem and went  to A r a bind eye  hospital  Madurai.  I am not at all satisfied  with the mobile  and request  you to please  arrange to replace with another  brand  even of higher cost.  Iam a retired officer and aged  of 67 years.  Please  consider my request  and do the needful.Thanking  youYoursVital kurnoolMobile is good but can anyone tell about how to use fm radio in itProduct is excellent and I am satisfaction with server and productNot a good mobile that isI have this phone for 4 days now ! It works like a charm , call quality is very good ! The FHD screen is awesome and sharp and Touch is v responsive.The only  con is the speaker which is not very loud,  the phone rings v low, also while plugging head phones the Volume dips. But still I can live with it. Hope Meizu will fix this with an update.Also cases are hard to find unless you buy them from ebay and you wait some days to arrive ! No lag and hope updates are consistent. The Flyme skin gives great feel. Over all Value for Money phone for 10K.Good deal..everything u can expect inder 10K...it have that....excellent camera,battery and display.best smart phone for moneyPakka  with 401ppi touch sensitivity meizu rocks the show, camera way awesome front & rear both ahead(am used nexus 5 before so I would camera is way better) , in some reviews I heard about the heating problem.. I ask them one thing stepaside  dude I have used for 7 hrs with Wi-Fi on &   & music I. Feel a little hot but not tat much it's common in smart phones..Well a drawback I say....The phone is slippery without backcase  it's too risky to handleIf u r planning to buy tis beast then I would recommend  Go for it Man ..I'm Lovin It... It has met all my needs of a basic smartphone.Excellent Display Quality & Touch...Camera is just Great in Day Light...Battery of Around 3 days with moderate Usage...Look is Just Awesome...I bought this device for My sister.. She already Have Moto G 2nd gen..so I can say its much better than Moto G 2nd gen and 3rd gen...Gaming Performance is also Good...Sound of the phone is also nice...and in My skullcandy Headphones with dirac sound just brilliant...I hope my Review will help you to decide.. and Can Make Your Decision..Good luck...Ther r very poor camera,front and back. ....plz be aware guysNice phone... Suggest it should have been 1000 bugs cheaper..NICE PHONE.SPECIFICATIONS ARE AS GIVEN+LOOKS ARE VERY AMAZINGNo sim tray is includedAmazing phone indeed all the specs you need in a budget ratewhite balance is not correct, I m not fully satisfied with the display. Yet, It's worth for Money you pay.Features and camera is better than other this range phones.Ultimate phone.. fly me operating system is just awesome...I m using it more than a month and I didn't find any lag...My friend brought it for 8500 (15% discount in hdfc card)after using it for 1 day and comparing it with mi3 (i have a mi3)1. Display 10/10 (could say slightly on better side than mi3)2. Sound 8/103. Performance 8/10(On regular use no lag but lag while heavy gaming)4. Battery 10/105. Camera 8/10(mi3 has a very much better camera than this)6.video playback 8/10(red colours is produced more giving warm tone and not setteling even after adjusting colour temperature from settings, but no lag is there even playing 1080p)7. Flyme 10/10(Very fast and responsive without and lag)8. Looks and style (9/10)9. Physical button 10/10(Performs many functions even better than 3 buttons of android, it locks and unlocks phone, serves the back button and home button function also)10. Over all a very bet under 10000Comparing with other phones in 10 k budget like k3 note,asus selfie etc. This phone has the best display and built quality but lack performance compared to k3. Another advantage is 4g support over many rrequencys that other other 4g hadnsets dont have even at 14k price tag.touch is smooth and this phone comes with update now so u will get play store access.rating it 4 satrs bcoz the camera in low light is not impressive.earphones not included with handset so another disadvantage as this mobile dont support other brand earphones.u will have to wait for meizu earphones.many said audio quality is not good,which is a false statement.this phone hasdecent audio quality.Buy only if you prefer following points1) Great full hd display with vivid colurs better than my xperia zr2) wide 4g support3) camera4) battery back up5) premium quality built and lookAwsme phone @10 k  rangesound 8/10display10/10touch10/10camera10/10Performance9/10Battery 10/10design10/10Software[flyme]9/10Firstly thanks to amazon for quick delivery of the product.The phone s simply amazing, for 10k one can go fr it without any second thoughts.Pros1.awesome display2.bettr front facing camera3.premium look and built4.good battery life..Reply with a dub at http://dl.dubsmash.com , 6+hr on screen tym.Cons1.rear camera do take shaggy pics if u can hold still while taking picsSo the phone s on plus side in most occasions.Good productFM not thereGreat seviceawesome phone .... bt it should provide a headphone also..its a nice phone. one worry is the lack of service center.Phone worked nice till now and so no compalints as of now.awsm phone its vry smooth ,cmra ws 2 gud so buy it rit nowThe phone is really nice and fun to use, Love the camera!!very very fine phone look fine.camra very fine batrey fineproduct is very good. But no service center in chandigarh.It slipped and fell from the table, a height of not more that 2 feet. The screen is shattered. I am also using moto g and it lives through many a slips and falls including a couple of times when it fell on the road.Total disappointment because mobiles are hand held devices are destined to slip and fall, so are expected to be a bit robust.The cost of screen as per service center is Rs. 6500.. insanely high for a handset which costs 10k !I guess this is how meizu is making money.nice phone and delivered without damage. functioning wellPhone get heated up very fast UI average giving dull lookexcellent features amazing performance and stunning looksIf you use memory card, only single Sim card can be used.I bought this 5 days back.. I have used Samsung J7 blackberry Q5 n A5 n A7 moto G3.. believe me this is the best among all in many ways.The build quality is fantastic, screen clarity awesome, touch, camera, front n back is superb!!It lacks nothing n now I felt it is stupidity to waste hell lot of money just on the name of brand..All brands whether apple made in China.Pls go for this without second thought. U will celebrate ur decision.I would like to mention my views in two part, first on software.The product received is excellent with features and specifications as mentioned in review in print or online media.Part two,Hardware:The product feels great while holding in hand and clearity on screen while looking at videos and photos,the only flaw i observed is cover on sim slot. its loose and shacky while handling which prevents me from even thinking of opening and closing the sim slot.It was a great phone when I bought it (around 6 months back). Now you have better options at this price like Red MI3, Lenovo K4 Note etc.. For this device, I am using it for some time and no such issues so far..But customer service for Meizu sucks.. they have given their service center franchises to local mobile repairing shops.. had a really bad experience initially.But then, I contacted Amazon and got a replacement. Since last 5 months.. no issues so far..I am full satisfied with this mobile. Very good quality.Truly a winner among 10K budget phone. Simply loving it.ek dum bakwas phone.distrubance in phone.caller always complaint about distrbance while talkingeI have used it for two week, there are pros and cons with every mobile so it to hasPros:1. Very good in looks and screen to body ratio2. Good battery backup3. Display is good4. Airtel 4G rocks5. Responds fast thanks to processor and ramCons1. Battery heats up during charging2. heats up in sunlight (i don't know why)3. Consider only one sim if you use memory card4. speaker sound is not the bestPOOR TOUCH SCREEN, ALWAYS MASSAGE SCREEN DID NOT  REPLYMeizu note phone is latest technology and  application.Great mobile under 10000. Satisfied with amazon serviceSmooth performance and aesthetically designed interfacePhone heats alot but the Speed of Delivery is excellentI think it's the best  phone to buy under 10000.its being two week I had purchased this .Best things at this phone1.looks almost like a note from  front view.2.Weight is comparatively less compared to k3 note.3.the curve put this phone in your The worst things1.get a back case because it's doesn't looks good when you call someone.2.its a plastic like material.But the phone is worth of 9999No headset in the box pack and the battery life is not goodThe phone resolution is good and the camera is good but if u compare the camera to Mi....Mi is betterAlso the OS is flyme which is not as good as android and still requires more stability.The phone does not let u set different ringtones for different simsThe biggest thing u will notice is that if u use a memory card...the phone is a single sim phone and not dual sim anymoreI got this phone today, opened it and bam.. touch screen wasn't working. I had to gift it to someone on Diwali now I cant. Thank you amazon for such a great surprise. I am mentioning the other problems I found out later.1. You can't boot it in recovery mode or fast boot mode.2. Firmware is really annoying.(Xolo Q1200 stock rom firmware copied)3. Single button is actually a shame on android.4. Developers its not a phone for you.mere ghar aj hi ye mobile deliver hua he dosto  sach kahu to ye mobile lene k piche ma ek reason ye tha ki es mobile k description me jo itni lambi camera k bare me description... but 13mega pixal ka camera likha to he but isme achhi photo nahi aati and ha ise zoom karte hi photo ki clearity bigdjati hea... sach kahu to me aaj hi ye mobile phon return karne ki soch raha hu ...  ise achha to dusre mobile me camera result milta hea..Amazon delivered the product within 2 days.after using this product for 1 month,my feeling is, product is awesomeoverall there are no problems with the deviceif your price range is below 15000 then go for it.looks stylish,battery is good,camera is good,processor is good,touch is responsive,build up quality is great,overall the device runs smooth,and it is awesome.Great phone. Value for money... Just like a i-phone.Don't buy this...I'll received used mobile....Octacore more name shake...  Hangs then and there...Awesome. No words in a little amount huge experienceThat's is next apple features smartphone best ever.Super phone,  very look,super camera low price.9999good look and amazing performance good bateeri lifeits ok. speed is good and touch is quite responsiveWorst phone I've seen. Please don't buy this phone. It took hours to get boot up.Nice product at budget. Competing with other brandexcellent phone haven't seen ever for this budget.awesome handset. Touch is very good.battery is ok.All's are good but battery consumption is too moreValue for money nice phoneBest deal Rs. 9999Good phoneIt's been more than 6 months since i have been using this product and to be really honest, the phone has disappointed in many aspects.It heats up with some heavy usage, starts lagging too much, hangs very often and irritates the hell out of you, ear phone volume is very low, screen brightness takes a beating under sun, removing or inserting Sim Card / SD Card is a painful task.Phone works very well for few months, but starts loosing it's steam very soon. At Rs. 9999, there are many better phones available in the market and are worth every penny.Avoid this phone at all costs, incase your usage is heavy.after using meizu m2 note for more than 15 days i find that some things which are not clear in specs need to be informed to other users.There are some basic problems in the phone which makes it not so good.1)switching between dual data connection is not handy and when switched network is gone for two minutes is both sims2)There is no native video calling feature present3)Audio quality is very low4)Default keyboard doesn't have control settings5)Battery backup is average not up-to the mark for 3100mAhleaving these drawbacks phone is pretty awesome in terms of performance,display looksPls improve  battery  performance.... If I use internet or play  video's... Then battery  is not doing well......worst  cameraI would like to bring out some key features that impressed me:1. The first one is the DISPLAY QUALITY.... The best display I've ever seen within the 20k price range.2. Next is the camera - 13MP shooter is amazing!!! And the selfie camera is the best ever!!!! That matches the camera quality of a flagship phone.3. The user interface - as the phone comes with Android 5.1, I feel that I have an experience of the latest Android. And on top of that lies the supremacy of FLYME 4.5.4. Internal memory is more than sufficient with 16 gigs.5. Does not hang.6. Benchmarks are good.7. The phone is good for certain games whereas it is NOT AN ideal phone for GAMING!!8. One more thing is the BATTERY BACKUP. The average standby is more than a day. And when you turn on the Power Saver, the battery might even last for another couple of days. And I dont have the need to mention about the ultra power saving mode.So if you're looking for a decent phone under 10k, my suggestion would and will be the M2 note.good mobile has all options....worth paying money3G connectivity is fluctuating,otherwise awesome.Improve your quaity there is some hanging problemAwesome at this price. The flyme os is very good.phone is awsome...speaker is nt working prprly...Good specs,greate designe, excelent built qualitysuperb quality mobile ..worlds best qualityThe m2 note working is good but some of the function are not update till date, it's require to update soon, so I can use the m2 note all function on regular basis and enjoy to use it.Speed is good, Touch is excellent, Camera result is excellent, battery back up is excellent as it is an android, body is excellent, speed is good, overall the m2 note advise to use as per my opinion.i cant say my words about this phone...23rd morning 6am showing 100% power but still day 24th 10pm 75% showing (more then ONE AND OFF day its used 25% only)what a battery power ,i never seen be4 superb exelent phonescreen exalentim going to buy one more thisthank u for AMOZON to selling  this phone butstill market store not use for indiaNice phone amazon delivery service is excellentGreat product for the price. No regrets at all.I used this phone two days. There are some problem/issue1.If you transffer video phone to sdcard that video does not play2.in camera setting file storage change phone to sdcard then show instal sdcard but sdcard is also instaled in phone3.camera quality is not better4.if palm rejection on then unlock the phone not in hand then phone is hang5.loud speaker volume is quit low6 some heating problem7. Processor is slow(i am fast to use phones)Pros:---Good screenGood build qualityGood headphone volumeIts above of all phones. Everything is xcellent.  Am using this from a week no issues no problem.   is 10 both front and back.  But my battery as all said it comes more than a day my battery doesn't and am using this moderately. Please do solve my problem : ON WHICH MODE DOES IT LASTS LONGER.  SAY THE SOLUTION 4THIS.OTHER THAN THIS STILL I WILL GIVE 4.9/5nice and prity phone. u will defenitly love itVery Good one meet all my expectations so far.Get disappointed ! Getting hot while calling .Very good performance and very light in weightAwsome phone..Camera is to gud ...i'm completely satisfied with its performance.awesome awesome awesomebest buy productGreat  phone very fast touch screen is superbdoes it have earphone inside the meizu m2 boxPros1080p displayAwesome battery lifeNo heating issueFeels comfortable to hold and light weightNarrow bezelsResponsive touchI compared the camera with mi4i and it's definitely better than mi4i in camera departmentAnd flyme 4.5 os is simple and user friendly.Full charge takes 2 hours 30 minutes.It Feels premium(slim and light weight)Caller screen is coolMultitasking is butter in flyme os.Home button can be used as back button as well.Absolutely zero bloatwares installed.ConsAudio output via 3.5 jack is not extraordinaryNot sure about updates from meizu ( but we can expect updates later as they are launching mx5 soon in india and they are trying to establish here)Mizue is the best phone in this price range.look wise awsome.but working model its a dudGrt camera, display, battery backup..... TvmOly 1 word...its awesome mobile.7 days ussd.Gud priced wit loaded feautures..outstandingAwesome phone for just 10k.  Better than any other phones in the price range.  I have been using this for 2weeks and still havent found any problem. Since there ares service centres across India,  We can buy Meizu phones with peace. Rumours about play store are fake, There is about 2or3 chineese apps which are not much useful and will come up with english versions in the future.  Play store and all google play services works fine. No hang or bugs ezperienced yet. Best phone for the price.This is stylist & nice battery backup phoneDisplay class very worst, my mobile brokenCAMERA QUALITY IS BAD BUT ALL FUNCTION GOODWhat is the battery backup.battery power  ?Best gadzet for low priceThanq amazonMeizu m2 note phone is Super , I Like  it .Yeah its really a good phone!! Go get it...After one week use, till now I have not faced any issues. Camera quality is good. I am not heavy gamer but use apps too much. Overall its cool phone. Battery life mentioned on Amazon India doesn't match with Meizu  India information. Amazon and other websites shows 3150 Mah battery while Meizu India shows 2550 Mah battery.but earphone not includedplease HELPowsm 5.5" Phone till date in 10k rangegoogle play stop working after new updateSatisfied with the product for 10 k priceVery Nice mobileDisplay is verygoodA little costly but a good item overall.In this price this is very good phone...but when we asked for broken screen replacement service center told that it will cost us Rs. 6,200, which is too much...Such a bad experience I had never had itAmazing phone in this range and worth itIts a very good phone in Rs 10000 range.Gr8 phone except service center locationOnly problem is loudness.  Otherwise WowInternet connection good but network loits a nice phone with very good displayLOve it but predecessor is much better.l like this mobilesound is disadvIt is good note phone with lowest priceno ear phones included.u not mentioned.The phone is amazing but the biggest problem is that its screen breaks easily if it slips and hit the ground, when i asked the people at the meizu service center, they told me they will be able to replace the screen at rs 5000, at half the cost of the phone, it is ridiculous.Great  smart  phone  guys great job m2seprate slot required for memori card.awesome fone just sometimes get heatedsupreme feature and budget friendly. .Very good product at this price point.Phone doesn't supports video calling..Fast delivery,good phone under 10,000.Meizu m2 has Auto call record facilityDuring the warranty period, MEIZU (HK) will repair its products free of charge in accordance with the terms of repair and maintenance services. Within one year of the date of shipping from Hong Kong, MEIZU (HK) will provide free repair and maintenance to the phones with performance defects which meet the requirements for repairmen. The valid period of repairmen for batteries, chargers and USB cables is 1 year, 1 year and 1 month respectively from the date of shipping.(2)Before sending back your phone for repair, you need to furnish a valid proof of purchase; otherwise the product is not entitled to free repair for one year, and you may have to pay the full repair fees.Worst PhoneLagging Issue.Slow Performance.Phone Hang Issues.Very SlipperyVery bad Voice Issues.Battery backup is worst.No accessories available.Flyme is just a joke.and last but very important very bad sound quality.HeatingAwesomeGood product. Will recommend toothersIts a really cool phone..satisfied!!Bad thing it done have service centers in delhiPhone is good worth for this price, . G mail contacts cant synchronise, so v can't import contacts from gmail, but phone to phone contacts transfer through blootooth is available and working nicely.  Expect some U I updates flame UI must be improvedBest mobile m2 note  is really goodWORTH FOR MONEY AND PROMT DELIVERY.this is not a phone...this is god..Feeling amazing using it in my handsuper phone awesome camera quality3100mAh non-removable mega batteryVery nice..  just lil heating probJust go for it 100/ worth of moneyawesome mobile.... value for moneyI think this phone is good not so as i thinkFirst there is only 575 mb ram free rest of all takes sys appsThis phone does not support  obb of games in sd cardYes its battery is preety good which impressed meWorst mobile device only because of the cheap display screen ....the screen will break off easily by keeping the phone in your tight jeans pocket....as it happened with me now after 4 months from the date of purchase and the best part is Meizu says they dont cover the display warranty....This is very bad product which i bought always in hang mode and mobiandata network transfer automatically  from sim1 to sim2 which results huge data cost from sim 2 Account camera is not of good quality total wastage  of money.One of the best phones under 10k!Nice phone camera works very coolnice phn with goodcamera featuresPlease avoid this product. The Meizu service centers are just collection centers of multiple brands and they blatantly say that the phone will fly to Chennai to get the software update and estimated time is 30 days.Awesome mobile on chipest price.Nice fone ever in this segment..One of the best in this segment.but no service center at my citymeizu m2 note is very best phoneVery nice phone. Very satisfied.Please dont buy this phone,video quality not good, camera sometimes takes focus sometimes not, while watching video only in 5 minutes, it gets heated as heater that you cannot put on your ear to take a callbad experience,,,,hanging alot.A Very good phone at this pricebaterry becomes empty in 24 hrsNice phoneWorth buying itAny one facing heating problem?Best mobile in this price rangevery prblem useing fon very hotGot it on Friday,updated my device to latest fly me version.till now the device is working wonders for me. Worth every single penny u won't b disappointed with its features n specs with such a price tag.Good oneIt's good and value for money.Awesome phone at awesome prizeNice phone and timely receivedWorth the price I paid for it.Impressive phone under 10k !!!Awesome phone under 13k ..Display is one of the BEST..Black levels and contrast are top notch..Compared with OPO and Xiaomi Mi4, Meizu m2 note wins .. Best LCD TFT display you can probably get under 20k rupeesIt looks so nice, well built and light weight for a 5.5 inch phone..Flyme OS was very simple for me as I was a proud owner of Meizu MX3 before.. Newbies will sometimes need some "getting used to"..Rear 13Mp Camera is GOOD..Nothing more nothing less...In daylight, you will get very good shots and in low light, the focusing will be little bit slow and there will be some noise in the photos, but it is pretty USABLE... Front camera is Great for the price tag..guess what..!! "AWESOME SELFIES.."2Gb RAM is adequate.. MTK6753 processor is little bit slower than the powerful MTK6752 , but for most of the normal duties, it performs well..No complaints... But if you are into gaming, don't forget to turn on "Performance mode" in the battery settings.But even in performance mode, YOU WILL DEFINITELY FEEL LAG in HEAVY GAMES...Take my word..Battery Backup is Excellent..Period..Mback button works impressively than expected..Sound quality through external speaker is dull and slightly distorted at high volume levels.. But quality through headphones is very good..Turn on "Dirac" and the output will be much richer and sounds great..There is some problems with SCROLLING..it is damn slow, I mean the scrolling speed... I have tried different browsers and it is an issue with the phone..for eg, If you generally need 3 fast UP swipes to get to the bottom of a website on other phones, you will need more than 7 swipes in this phone..Weird and tiring.. Confirmed with other users also, may be swiping response of the digitizer is slow or the software needs improvisation...Overall, A GREAT SMARTPHONE under 13k rupees with an EXCELLENT FLAGSHIP RANGE DISPLAY...1.3 ghz processor bit hang with in multi taskingRequire 1.7 or aboveram 2gb is outdated with big app now a day  3 GB ram base(800mb free 4 US to use and 1.2gb use system Android and flyme system )Best display( no.1)good color pproduction ,Quelity aaround this rangeSuperb briteness in also sunlightAwesome superb audio output from mp3 and video come with deep bass effect better than Dolby  digital dts sound use Sony earphones or  other good quality earphonesSuper front camera self "photo nation"  beautiful photo Back camera is average cheap led flash light use so night  photography is not good but in day good photographyFly me UI /OS is scrap ,crash many time ,look of systems is goodHybrid  sim third class u can use sim or memory  at time mean one slot for sim and memory cardCrap crap crapBest battery backup (Sony battery)Fast charging (full charge in 2 hour )Good looking n slim tooIn built system app lock, valt /hide anything, antivirus, cleaner ,Good gesture wakeup ,smart touchPhone is really good but after sale services  too bad think before u buynice phoneGood looks and buildDecent performance and specsGood value for moneydisadvantage: heating problem during charging& multitaskingIts good very good handsetGood one compared to pricegreat phone at great priceHandset Performence Bussy.Great phone at this price.this phone is just a brandless creation , speakers are the worst among them and screen , ram etc ...... . can't able to get at least for a audible distanceNice mobile thanks AmazonAwesome phone, loving it.Best phone in the rs.9990Very good. Upto the mark.This product is very niceawsm phone...go for it...sound 8/10display10/10touch10/10camera10/10Performance9/10Battery 10/10design10/10Software[flyme]9/10Excellent mobile but only white led notification will display for missed call and message also 1.3G hz processor only problem otherwise it's very goodI think the best phone at this price segment.If we compare to K3 note and YU Plus,there willl be some lacks but as we know,every phone has some lack in it,Specifications comparison-Battery life-M2 note-3100mAh,,YU Plus-2500mAh,,K3 Note-2900mAh-M2 note is the clear winner is in battery performance and it has sony battery in it..Processor-M2 Note-1.3Octa Core CPU with MaliT720,,YU Plus-1.5Octa Core CPU with Adreno405 GPU,,K3 Note-1.7Octa Core Cpu with Mali760MP2.The clear winner is K3 note,but YU plus heat quickly in gaming and heavy tasking but M2 note and K3 note does not heat up quickly.Sreen Quality-All 3 of having 5.5Inch FHD quality.M2 note having dragontail glass with IGZO technology whereas YU plus having Corning Gorilla Glass3 .K3 note having solid glass with no other protection.Looks and design-All 3 having a good design but M2 note having the premium class design with back bottun in middle.Yu plus and K3 note also having good design.K3 note back cover is made of very cheap quality.OS and UI Interface-All of them having Android lollipop..M2 note-Flyme OS,YU plus-Cynogen OS and K3 note-Vibe UI.M2 note having different UI compare to Yu plus and K3 note..YU plus is winner undoubtfully because when can easily customise everything in it and and it is friendly UI.Camera Quality-All of them having 13mp rear and 5mp front but i liked M2 note detailing in both of the cameras but YU plus and K3 note have decent quality..RAM&ROM-All of them having 2GB RAM and 16GB ROM with 10-12 GB available space in it.We can get both YU plus and K3 note's service center easily in India but as M2 note is an chinese phone,we should directly contact with the company's service faculty.But i think  we should encourage the M2 note because it is having all the requirements that a budget segment phone should have in it.So,you are thinking to buy M2 note,you should get it without any fear.nice mobilegood features...nt much heating problems..16gb is,enough fr me...so i dont have.a problem in sacrificing memmory card slot..front camera is excellentgood battery back up which can st for 1dy...it has 3modes ...power saving balance and performance mode..fone works good even in power saving mode..ply store and some other google services are pre ..installedSound qulity is gd..speaker is not so loud bt enough fr a normal useDisplay z awsome....The only problem i found is back camera...it takes shaggy images when d fone is nt steady...bt when fone is,steady it takes good images...bt it is nt hve a quality of actual 13pixel [around 9or 10]...bt good...my review is 8.5/10Go for it ..if u need a budget fone...am sure it will be very different experiencecfor u..I got this fone 2 days back and till now no major complain,  only the selfie pics in house are coming blurred.  May be i am not using it properly.Goodlove it amazing exprncegood phone thank you...Nice phone good m2 noteLovely Experiences.....Really very nice mobileSuperb mobile i like itThe fact that the price of this product is still exactly the same as it was when I purchased it gives me an immense sense of satisfaction! :DProbably the best display and package you can get at this price.The attraction of using a relatively cheap phone (though it certainly does not feel like one) is that you can use it anyway you like without a care. No intrusive screen guards nor bulky and ugly cases. You don't have to be in constant worry that your smartphone is alright!Nice product:1. Display is brilliant at 403PPI, what more can you ask for, AMOLED?2. I don't really do selfies, but the front camera on this thing tempts me. Rear camera is also pretty good but lets keep our expectation in limit.3. Phone is very light.An amazing phone...i must sayLet me clear some doubts..people aren't wanting to buy this as this is a new brang,let me clear the fact that every brand is new as it arrives...and more specifically let me tell you that this a renowned brand overseas therefore i took the risk of buying it and as a result i am satisfiedPros:1.Only phone to give 5.5 inch FHD screen in this range2.Only phone with 3100mah, and it does works3.The screen and touch quality is flawless4.The phone looks great in hands,and living by it is a boon.5.Dirac HD feature is just wow.Cons:1.No radio2.No earphones included in indian version3.Sound is a bit less in headphones(but i use in-ear headphones so this is not a problem for me)Very good phone with wonderful camera, amazing built quality, nice battery back up, very good music. Great speed nd perfomance.Everything is fine, but the speaker output is very low. Is there any software enhancement to improve speaker output quality.In Meizu M2 note one should not give preference for Purchase. It is not supporting Axis bank apps so many others apps.There is one message that your device have no sensor compass. (2) I am having this mobile last for 1 month, there is a problem of hanging many times.(3) Picture quality is not good (4) There is no sensor (5) speaker quality is not good. (6) There is no service center nearby and if u visit remote service center they r not able to solve problems in single visit and they suggest live here cell phone for one day. so u require to visit that service center for second tine which will spoil time. (7) Battery is not good (8) There is a problem of heating. So my opening not to purchase this product.Well worth the money!Best ever fone in 10kGood. Value for moneyi love it , i like itGood Battery back up.Great product......What is work pandrivean excellent hand setbest choice under 10kHeating problem bad camera quality low battery back up better buy for yu yurekha plus.worst mobile i have never seen.Hi everyone the mobile is awesome good battery backup,amazing display,quock response and excllent flyme os , i updated my flyme os 4.5.1 to 4 5.3 by using the link http://inforum.meizu.com/forum.php?mod=viewthread&tid=349&page=1&extra=#pid1554 it opens meizu home on right hand side u find a firmfare upgrade option on that select meizu m2 internation and download the update after downnload is comple go to documents and find the sownloaded file click on that and select clear user data too  and reboot for more details open youtube and type meizu m2 note update from 4.5.1 to 4.5.2 and watch the vedio thank u dear friendsVery good smartphoneGood value for moneyIts just awesome....Nice very nice peaceCDMA phone yes or noit is good at 10k but options and os are difficultSer.center problemPl.tel how instal new firewearIt's been 4 days now that I am using the phone. I have the following observations:1) The camera quality is very good. Really awesome pics. Also every photograph clicked has an option to be made up right away which is a great feature.2) It has an inbuilt feature of app lock so no need to download any such apps.3) Battery drains fast which was not expected as this being a model with 3100 mAH battery.4) Moreover it doesn't have additional slot for memory card. So if you wish to use a memory card then this is a single sim phone for you.Over all a good phone in this range. Will update more as I keep using it.So far not happy with the product. it still has chinese language themes with no details of English update to the same.. flyme user inteface is just pathetic, lookes absolutely poor. Surprisingly I couldnt findout the option of switching over to multipal pages.. Battery lasts just a little more then half a day having normal usage and despite of a 3100 mah..It seems ill have to return the product in a day or two if I find any further flaws in the phone.only thing good abt the phone is its looks..Kinda disappointed with the product.. all I can say the there are a lot better product in the same price bracket. Do compare before buying..Meizu note2 is awesome...,,Apart from phone's physical body its internal software is nice working...!One month has been completed.I am truly in love with the phone.Awesome display.Awesome Sound.A fluidic UI.Gesturewake shortcut from sleep.Front cam really good for selfies.Fastest phone in the world for multitasking.An active team of moderators and staff who support you through whatsapp group and chat.Also do register in their forumInforum.meizu.comThe device is not fast enough after 4 months of use.it is beginning to lag heavily.Not only that the device crashed during calls.Indian firmware should be flashed  to get good experience.It is kind of idiotic from the part of Meizu to ship the Indian phones with international firmware.never saw a worst phone than meizu m2 note.....till date i have purchased and used almost 10 smartphones and tab...however this phone is one of the worst i hv ever seen....after sale service is unimaginable worst....customer care number provided by meizu doesnot work......service center are there to rob you...i faced difficulty on first use only.....usb portion of the phone burnt while connecting charger.....as per meizu service center this is a customer fault bcoz it has burn mark...hahaha.....but i have no time to fight for return of money...however wanted to make all of u aware about the after sale service and phone.....take care1. It displays Chinese Characters at few places like alarm and themes (this is annoying)2. Some options are not available in English as well for better GUI (another annoying point)3. there is no service centers yet (even in Metros)4. Sometime unable to pickup wifi properly5. One SIM slot can be either SIM or SD card only (another annoying point)6. Flyme GUI - Not impressive, miles to go7. Poor Audio Quality speakers8. battery goes very fast when movies played even in wifi (though standby may be OK)8. if you are OK with dual SIMs, good cameras, good looking phone - This is good dealCamera was not goodExcell. Keep it up.Best phone in rangeAwesome products :)Farjiwada...  FroudThis is good phone.It's a nice phone .Phone hangs a lot..TheHis v goodAwesome  phone everNice...satisfied...Good but mi is bestplay store not openmeizu m2 note awosmTruly an awesome phone at this price!!Well,you are getting this word from a tech reviewer on YouTube.Its a good product.but its build quality is not good & there is no gorila glass protection on.camera quality is avobe avrg.sound is totally dissapointing in normal speaker which is placed near the charger point bt in headphone it is ok.The battery the main usp of this phone its last almost 1 and half day in heavy use.The display touch is very good.the m back button in a new thing to experienced with.the flyme uI is not so good in comparison with other UI.i hv also a k3 and a mi 4i.performance wise k3 is best.but in camera look sound mi is best meizu is gd in perfrmnce touch experience desighn.........thanksThe product really disappointed me for many reasons:1. Amazon delivered it on 16th day as against 10 days policy.2. The battery discharge so easily, even less than 7 hrs of recharge.3. The mic is situated at very wrong place due to which the receiver can't hear us properly.4. Lack of original accessories like Screen guard and mobile case.5. Pathetic, yeah you read it right, totally pathetic customer service, who really don't know anything about Meizu mobile feature .Conclusion - I wish if I'd not have purchased after falling in trap of heavy discounts from Amazon.Hii people! I got my Meizu m2 note yesterday...luckly i got earphones with the phone.The things i noticed about phone is that it gets heat up about 30 or 40 mins of use which i think is normal. Camera is fine and takes clear and quality photos with both rear and front camera.Battery works good overall! Touch responses are great but i suggest u to use tempered glass because if its scren ll break it ll b diffucult to find one as its service centre is only in Banglore.Ear phones sound quality is rocking....... Screen resolution views are pleasing to see!! Over all phone is great value to money.Thanksok,Awesome Cell PhoneExcellent featuresits a lovely phoneover hear producedi want more colourIndeed,  I was too skeptical about buying this phone since it comes from a relatively new brand.  My wife being a Sony freak wasn't happy with my choice of a Chinese phone either.  But now,  she loves it!  Better than any other phone in this price range.  Sharp Display,  Crisp Camera and a great battery.  Looks wise it can easily beat iPhone 6 Plus!  However,  as one of the reviewers mentioned, I too face touch issues at the edges often.  (Though Ignorable,  Try pressing the back arrow when on WhatsApp)A few drawbacks apart..  Just one word!  "Go for it"!For me i choose a bad phone i said it because my product was a defective product there is a tiny little dot in the screen and the phone works very well but the heating of this phone is terrible because the phone heat in normal use and during the phone call so that my ears are buring.Performance wise there is no issue at all and meizu providing service centers all over the countryI would not recommended this phone to anyboday if meziu slove the over heating of this phone then i would strongly recommended this phone. And somes issue with playstore alsoOne of the best budget phones I have come across so far.  Personally I loved the screen and the battery backup a lot.  If you are looking for a busget phone,  just don't  think about any other handset.  M2 note will not upset you.Pros:-Display-Battery-Camera-Fluidity-Home button-Decent buildCons:-No FM radio-Flyme OS needs more tweaks-Loudspeaker is not loud enoughHave used it for 2 weeks now.  So far very happy about my decision.  Ans guys service centres are available now.  So just chill.2Days Before I Brought this Mobile This Was Awesome Below 10,000 Mobiles...Lots of Futures...Especially UI, Expandable Memory, Front Camera, Model, Apple Smart Touch Feature, Brightness, Battery, Etc......I Feel This Phone Somewhat New Features For Me...Lets I Expect Definitely Launch Sevice Center As soon in India...Sound is Also Very Decent Not Louder then One Plus...Amazon Launching Any  New Mobile Means I Feel That Was Good Mobile.... 5Months Before I Purchased One Plus One for My Sister that One Also Amazon Introduced in India......Lets My Star Is  *****Bad phone.. Lags & screen goes blank when u open an app... Blurry camera.. Bad decision.This Phone soo nice, i am not faced any problem. i solved little problem with Google play store.Battery soo nice, i am not getting battery issue. if any body got battery issue go for replacement with new phone.I got hear phones (first 3 thousand customers) and this phone with 15% cash back offer with HDFC credit card on 10-Aug-2015, it means i got this phone only Rs 8500 /- for this price this is excellent phone, its my feeling.any body can ask me if any issue  7842242331This is My first review of anythig ..mobile look and feel great, display is very good, touch is nice but coming at edges i try to type using key board at corners the touch is not working fine i am using form 11th aug i faced daily this touch issue,camera super it is very fast witout any lag picutures are decent enough as of my observation,battery is good but not that great,mainly my device is getting heated even moderate usage like browsing ,in call ;and normal gaming my main problem heating.thats all guys , overall mobile looks awesome but some drawbacks.Not good,  faster battery drain,  Chinese options for theme, over heating... And many moreDisplay very inttrective and camrea was owsm gys srsly in this amount phone was owsm......A lot of positives 3stars but facing problems1. Touch sometimes becomes unresponsive, tapping 3-4 times works2. Loudspeker is a bit lower then norml3 internet connection is unstable in E, H, (compared to other samsung phones) also slower when working4 heats when using wifi, 3g, H plus. Gaming also heats upper front nd back of phone5 battery drains using internet. Otherwise battery is good. These are some issues i faced while using in 5 daysOtherwise the phone looks good, awesome display, camera is also good.From the time i got Meizu..I feel so good for using an Android device such smoother and full hd display..I just like to use this Flyme Os which is ultrasmooth and makes this device looks so Unique..Apps are not hanging or lagging..Battery is so good for one full day usage..On hand the look feels like using iphone 5C's pro version..Camera quality is nice and decent on both Rear and Front..One small problem what i noticed is sound is little low than other smartphones...Overall a great buy for 10K..juz bag it.. ThanQ Amazon.in This is excellent phone compared to all products in this range. Size handy than expected for 5.5 inch phone. Full featured packed, settings menu miliniastic, some time confusing, small learning curve for features, innovating home/back button, got used to in a day.I was not able to sync Google contacts, installed Google installer from app store and updated google services, this solved my problem.Let's see how reliable this phone after a two months.Very good productNice phone so farReally good phoneI Love Meizu.....it is best to buyworst phone ever!!!too much delicate breaks down too easily.weak glass protection and customer care service is very poor if somehow you get in trouble with you phone!!!parts are difficult to be found in case of physical damage....camera sucks and heats up too quickly....i dont recommend going for this with keeping specifications on mind because quality is extremely poor....at end well its was a pure waste of money after being able to use it for only mere 4 months & oh well it's a fcuking chinese brand so what can i say....I got my phone yesterday. It is really good overall. The display is superb; response is great. It comes with a sim removal tool, which makes installing the sim easy. It also comes with minimum apps, which gives you the option of truly choosing which apps you want.I would have given 5 stars had it not been for the fact that it did not recognise my 64 gb sd card to begin with. It recognised it after reformatting to MSDOS compatible FAT. It heated a bit while playing coc. It is a great phone  for an even better price.Got this phone 5-6 days back and have been using it a lot-- Finding it to be quite good in terms of screen display -- It can do better on the battery front-- coming from an iPhone-- finding that this phone is lasting only 12-14 hours on single charge was somewhat a disappointment.I mainly purchased this phone as it has a physical button to use -- this was the deal breaker for me.Satisfied with the product till now.great mobile with awsm specificationRear camera is very poor, contact synchronisation is d biggest drawback of flyme,also i cudn't assign short tones for whatsapp notification,and u need to handle sim tray very carefully while ejecting,nd my phone is not showing 3g netwrk even there is full 3g netwrk,dats y i hv requested for replacement,Battery backup is goodNd display is amazing: specaillity of dis phoneGo for it....if u r ok with normal cons.amazon hv wasted my full month in refund...nd i hv not received my refund yet, very much disappointed...Ordered phone and as i opened it the speaker was not working at all. Waste of timeIts been 20 days i bought  this phone.  The phone is ok but i dont think so that its worth buying.Problems:*flyme is really irritating. In geek word, its not smart enough.*phone lagging,  you canot type faster as it would not let you do.*heating issue,  once you start playing game,  within 5 minuts u can start heating your pizzas on it.*chineese contents will make you realise  that stil u r using a Chinese  handset.In my opinion for phone lovers...  Dont go for this one.Very good phone.Better than mi4ivalue for money.i dont like thisVery Bad performWorks very well!its amazing.....Good performancevaluable productI bought this phone for one of executive in my team. I suggested this phone as I use Meizu MX4 Pro. So I'd good idea of how amazing phones Meizu makes. And this phone when delivered didn't disappoint us. Not only it is amazing but it is far ahead of its competition in same prize range. The Flyme OS is best Android ROM after the Stock Android that comes with Nexus phones. The battery life of phone is huge positive too.In all... This is a phone you should buy if you've 10K to buy a phone.This is a great smartphone under 10k with worthy competition from Yureka plus and lenovo note . But the meizu m2 stands tall amidst the fight for the throne. The chief difference is its powerful battery and great looks among all the features that all 3 phones have in common. The real con is that the service centre of meizu  is in New Delhi only. But hey, dont use a "smart" phone like a "dumb" user. Treat it nicely and u are in for a treat for sure. Hope my review helps you!!It lags but at this price point its fine.........i have sold mine after 15 days trial.Display is very good - 5/5Size - Little extra, 4.7 to 5 inches is good to go - 3/5Battery - 4/5UI - 0/5Audio - 1/5Processing - 4/5Handling - Need to keep it always in hand - 3/5Says Octacore but doesn't works like that. My Blackberry Z10 is even faster.RAM - Available is 1.5 GB which is eaten up very easily eve if you are running 2 to 3 apps.Good phone with such features for 9999, but no separate slot for memory card.I brought the meizu m2 note in october.product feature wise good but quality of the product is very bad.My handset just fell from 1 feet height & display got broken. it seems comapny is not using dragontrail glass .I visited the comany authorised service center in Bhandup Mumbai, they said replacement of screen will cost 5800/- . I told him that the new product is only priced 9999/- Atleast price should be less than 2500 rs.I was very dissatisfied.MORE TO SAY....Tried contacting meizu India ... They said this was company pricing issue...the lcs display is worth 5800... because its the most important part of the phone... crap.Did some online research...was able to find good quality lcd replacment with touch support from aliexprees for 1600 bucks only...Have ordered the same... will take some time but should be albe to replace the scree within 2100 inclusive of the technicians charges,If meizu wants to make its name even worthwhile in India, they should improve service & reduce spares cost.will keep on updating...VERY GOOD PHONEperfect .... :)Very nice phoneValue for moneyValue for moneyno voice  clearlovely @10000/-Excellent phoneExcellent PhonePROS:Build Quality1080p DisplayLTEBatteryCONS:Flyme os with a few bugsPhone is unable to play HQ music smoothly at start even in performance mode1080p HQ movie playback looses frames and not so smoothlittle bit of heat when watching videos continuouslyGo for it if you are a light user, Display stands out on this device,verygood.Heavy users you will feel the lack of snapdagon,that's for sureAsome phoneeeeAwsome no wordPrice too highNice phone....Exhalent phoneI used the phone for close to one year and found it to most hopeless phone ever.Product as promised while purchasing did not have great feature.No customer service in India. No call centre response even on reaching out several times.The customer service sucks...True to specs.sim slot 2 does not read sim card and tray looked like used one.the look of the phone is great easily single handed, slim design, touch is very responsive, no heating problem even after playing big size games. pri & sec camera both does a great job, no complain about it. No lags in multitasking, runs very smooth.UI is also very simple and looks good. The only thing I didn't like is U cant add both the sim and memory card at the same time... otherwise the phone is greati am using these phone since last 3 months and the having mix emotions for it.it has good build up, decent battery,amazing camera, sparkling display but its all .it hangs a lot, i am even not able to use basic phone service since  the contact is not reachable, same goes with messages.i have tried everything including factory reset but it is of no use.with each update it is getting worse.Doesn't sync with Google contacts.. A big minus for this phone.I bought this phone in the sale.  Got ear phones as well as a special launch offer.Pros.1. Good looks2. Bigger screen3. Fits easily in to hands4. Smooth touch experience5. M-back button is great, though at first u dont like it as u r not used to it..but  once you use it u will definitely like it6. Sound quality is ok (better than my previous Asus zenfone 5)7. Battery is good. I plased ashplat 8 without any issue. It easily lasts a whole day8. Head phones quality is very good9. Flyme os -  a new experience10. double tap wake up and other gestures are greatCons1. NO SERVICE CENTRE - main draw back2. No app drawer3. No settings icon in the dropdown menu4. Most annoying thing - there is no usb tethering support5. Battery heats up very much after 10-20 min of 3g/wi-fi..heating is very much noticeable to you6. Accessories not easily available in the market7. No technical support at all8. Forum is buggyFinally, after 2 days of usage, returned it to Amazon as I am a heavy internet user and system gets heats up very much for minimal usage.BUT WHY.AMAZON STOPPED SELLING THIS MOBILE.  YOU CAN NOTICE THAT, CURRENTLY THIS DEVICE IS NOT AVAILABLEplz frnds dnt buy this cell,battery problem and cam not good..good purchaseRetarn  itamsNice.........Awesome phoneAmazing phoneAwesome phoneSimply superbPhone is goodHeating issueAwesomeeeeeeeI am very happy to buy this mobile....its value for money...Sound quality Ok... Camera also OK... Phone at good speed.... But sim trey if their is 2 sims plus memory card slot means its quit awesome... but only one sim and memory card is possible.. but other than that over all good phone.  Kind request to AMAZON please release the MIEZU m2 Note "Luxury Tempered Glass Back Aluminium Side Bumper Cover Case  meizu m2" Iam waiting ...BROWSER PROBLEM IN CELLULAR DATA!!!!!!!Why does my browser doesnt workwith mycellular data???????..... It does work on wifi...... Plz send me the solution for this problem soon as soonaspossible and  i am waiting for this........i need to operate the browser soon and i am satisfies with the remaining features of this phone........... BROWSER PROBLEM IN CELLULAR DATA!!!!!!!Never expected such a bad phone it does not have gorrila glass .Thats why phone broke by my kidAnd when i go to service center they said rs 8000 app.And when i asked to buy the phone they said rs 500And my money is totally waste4.7 out of 5good productOver heatinggood productgood productGreat deviceAwesome!!!!!satisfactoryGreat phone.Superb phonePhone hangs.nice productGood ProductSuperb phoneNICE PRODUCTIt has its sevice center in Chandigarh... Go for it...Good mobileMeizu m2 note has serious mobile Internet connectivity problems. It takes extremely long time to download content and also for downloading files,  the speed is very slow. WiFi connection is required to get good results. In comparison Samsung mobiles r one of the best Android handsets - great Internet speeds,  blazing fast.If phone didnt work so where we give tis mobileDont buy this productThis is a genuine reviewI am wrighting it by using this phone about two weeks performance is AveragePhone gets hang by sharing something either by laptop or by phoneAnd the most simple reason not to buy this is""that it is made in China""I have used this phone last 6 months. All seems to good.But one day the phone got fall down from my sofa and it is gone. some many cracs came aon the screen and service centre guys asked Rs 4,500/- to prepare which is not under warranty.If you buy this phone , you need to be very careful .Meizu M2 note is worth the but considering its only 10,000Rs, it's specs and actual usage beat any other mobile in the range twice the price than this. Watch out for more Meizu products it's the high to mid  end specs phone with low end budget and great built quality. Highly impressed with the deal.don't sell/purchase  meizu mobile hey have very poor service in india i have given my mobile to service center since 2 month yesterday i have received a call from service center pls take back you mobile we are going to close our service center from noida atta market sector 18 and is not repaired.I ordered 2 Meizu M2 Note from Amazon, and this review is for the 2nd product which i received today. The first Package contained Headphones however the package which i received today doesnt contain headphone which is really unaccepted. I am not happy with this removed headset from the package.Very Good.Must buy..NIce PhoneGOOD PHONENice priceNice phoneCool phoneit is niceNice phoneGood phoneGood phoneAwesome Good phonenice phoneA very smart and addictive gui Flyme,  perfectly made for multitasking, did not hang even once.  Touch feel is users delight. Superb battery. Mediocre camera. Could be made bit sleek.  Lacks metallic protection. Body  sure to get damaged if it slips from hand.  Overall highly recommended.The screen got cracked after falling from chair, specs are good but the quality is cheap. And Phone will fall atleast once from hand distance, but this was not expected and cost of display itself is Rs.6500, even if touch is working and lcd got cracked. Please for other options.Wow!! Excellent phone of this range! I got this beauty last week and have very much satisfied with the look and performance. Far better than my expectations! Must buy phone. go for it. No other phones at present in market better than this within this prize range.Bakwaas phone hai ye, camera quality sucks more noisy shots but slow mo function is lil bit good, heats up very quickly, battery drain so fast during data usage, gaming and day to day usage. Overall the phone totally sucks and heating issue is major problem.After 2 months of use phone have become laggy .After the new update heating issues also started if u open camera and talk to someone it get heated near ear piece very much.Look of the phone and camera is awesome with manual mode and effects. Battery is ok.nyc phoneAmazing..Nice.....Thik hai.ExcellentLoving itexcellentVery GoodExcellentExcellentvery niceWorks Gr8Amezing 'Very good  phone. Superb delivery.Mobile has superb speed and display clarity but has radiations discover option which very important in mobile phone. Rare  quality is normal not feeling good. Front is camera is OK I love it.  super... Option too... It's worth product.I had bought it 2 months back,it is working efficiently with out any problem till now.Charger cable became useless after 1 month, but i claimed in box accessories warranty for it at store.Worth for the money what we have paidSome Chinese bloat ware,  cheap errors like spelling mistakes in the os excellent camera low speaker output brilliant display and sunlight legibility  slow mo also works fine this has good  low light capabilities.  Good buy for the priceThis Product is good performance.The product is very very best at this price....Advantages-display-camera both rear and front best-good processor-better than other 10k priceDisadvantages-heating problem-no redioCamera quality very poor, very disappointed. Not continue with this product. Want to change with other company like xoimi mi4.meizu m2 note Mobile iphone is Profam. It is also good to say that I am May. The camera and the music player is good and never touch screen is good. Boht call phone is good. May is by far the best phone in this price. Like a dream.Nice handset with user friendly features. Battery is too good,  min for 12 to 15 hrs with mails,  msgs, whatsapp and all.  Screen appearance, clarity is good,  photo quality is okay not excellent. Overall happy with the model.All features shows are not enough ,it is not clearly stated what you are giving with mobile & what are not.After taking this we feel that it will better if we take such item from local market .Time delivery is really annoyingI have purchased meizu m2 note prior to 2 to 3 days ago but still the Google apps were not open though i approached the idea centre and tried hard. please tell me what i have to do. whether it is supported to Google or not.ReturnedGood OneNice onegood onenice oneVery badI have given this rating because the phone is really nice but the battery isnt that great.Dont ever go for this phone the battery drains a lot and it doesnt support playing music from sd card sound is also nt goodPros: Very bright n Sharp display, brilliant camera, best battery backup, M back keyCons: No gorilla glass, Non removable battery, should sacrifice 1 SIM if you want to use sd card, still no service centersHii, Im litl bit confuse btwn m2 note and nubia z9 mini from ZTE pls sm1 tell mi which is good fone to buy in term of specs. Like camera and sound qlty.. Pls sm1 hlp mi to which fone i buy. .Thanx uhangs, touch is too bad at end of screen...never trust this model... above all where is the support...amazon just washed it by hands return policy over so cant make replacement !! who will repair or replace !!Display gone bad in couple of months of purchase. Sent to service center and they took close to 2 months in repairing and sending it back. I have to threaten them of consumer forum on bad service performance.Very nice phone in terms of looks, weight, speed, features, performance, etc. but the Flyme OS is little tricky and not at all user friendly, If you can manage the same you may go for it rest of all is fine..great phone speaker sound is slightly disappointing but display great battery greatin standy it stands ore then 1week.lenovo k3 is alternative to this phone but premium looks are only appear in this phone.WORST EXPERIENCE EVER 0 STARPROS:superb screen (IGZO technology consumes less power without compromising on quality)Battery life is insane (lasted for 5 days from 100 % to 20% with 3:15 hours of screen on time)no lagsNo heating issues at all (non gaming)Takes 2:30 hours for full charge (not bad)Micro SD expansion Upto128gb (plus OTG)Dual tone flashDesign of the phone is top level.  Phone feels premiumCONS:no NFC,  IR blaster.cellular call quality is decent (not bad though)Design is great, but the phone seems slippery to hold.For some reason, the screen attracts a lot of my hand sweat. Always seems to be moist. Planning to apply screen guardFor me, the PROS easily outweigh the CONS.Phone is getting slow......I for this phone yesterday and returning it today. Phone is good but the camera has a problem. All the photos are blur. Not sure what is the problem with this is what i had experienced. If some one know what is the fix for camera then its a good phone otherwise you will have to return it ASAP.You can call me on 9765 204 504.Raviits software is not good ,Good phoneNot badNot badNot badSidhathAwesomeM2 noteAwesomeOutstanding ... performance...I have recently bought Meizu m2 note (Grey).... It's features are amazing, very user friendly... Great.... Go Ahead..Ritesh ChandrawanshiI am using this phone since 4months till now all is OK even battery support  well camera is quality both front and rear processor of the phone is also supportive all apps works GoodNice product worth moneyMeizu m2 note is a really awesome smartphone. It has a lot of positives and very few negatives But whatever positive it has makes it a really good smartphone.Pros Good quality screen Premium Design and awesome built quality Easy to hold and handle Good still image quality and dynamic range. Both front and Back camera are good. Good performance Good Battery life Touch pal home button. Gesture support function works very well Overall net speed is good.Cons  Loudspeaker Performance Audio Quality not that good but ok No FMNot a fulfilled product...just a simple and sober.....go for mi4i instead of this.Google Baba Khus hue...We have purchased a handset of meizu-2 but observed bad experience. during mobile talking time voice from receiver cut continuously.  customer service not available.Mobile Look is Super. Touch is Super. Rear Camera Good. Front Camera Very Good. But.... If you use Continuesly 10 to 15 Minutes Phone is Very Very Much Hot .have purchaceca meizu m 2 from amazon .but after 3 month the mobile getting hanging problem & sound is not coming.& the service centre is so far what to do..worthyReturmbandleSuperbTHERE ARE ONLY TWO SIMCARD SLOT, NO SLOT FOR MEMORY SIMCARD SLOT..what about memory storage? Speed of internet is not satisfactory.Not friendly user device.excellent product by meizu....camera is just osm...the onlY defect is that it heats faster....but the other things are mindblowing...!!!its a gud phone but u have to give setting in English not ni Chinese , and i am not able to set my gmail account on this phone can any one help me on thisSuperb phone. Look and feel, camera quality, ram speed everything is fine. Only the drawback is we can not use the second sim if we use the memory card.It is a very nice mobile but the only problem is it should had been dual somew with memory card anyway it's an awesome mobile the best at this pricewhen the pack was opened, we found that the display system was faulty.  The upper half of the display was blurred and the lower half was normal.Stunning,  bright display.Super best touch.Long lasting battery life.Smooth and best modified flyme os lollipop.Slim professional cut to cut design of mobile.Best dual functional home button.I hohestly suggest you guys,  instead buying any micro Max or other mobile I would suggest Meizu are the best mobile in the less price ever.  Belive my words.  Once you have it,  you will never gonna look around other company phone.comparing to lenovo K3 note it is not that much good. especially problem with its camera it is very difficult in settings it is user friendlyBest value for money fhone ~ best camera phone under 10K no doubt  using from 1 week no problem not a single lag highly recommended under 10knote perfect phoneNice phone so far.Suparb I used last 10 Mont good work and 128GB REAL SAPOTEDGood value for money. Got the bundled earphones too.Pros:Battery backup and camera are clearly above average.Flyme 4.51l is cool and there is no bloatware.mBack key is unique, but one needs to get used to it.Call quality is above average too.Display is bright and legible in sunlight tooCons:Phone is slightly slippery due to the highly glossy back cover.No screen protectionCurrently not many options for back case or screen protection availablepyaara mobile haiexellent one goodI just got 11 GB internal memory and problem in memory card and sim if we want to use two SIM then there is no space for memory card.Third class product by MEIZU with very poor quality sound. After 4 weeks, It got hanged so much that even not able to switch it off.Excellent mobile. ... Look,  camera,  performance and user friendly mobile. .... Worth of money.. .. I feel happy to pay Meizu.. ..Phone getting heated up at ear during attending call.I bought this phone on 10/08/2015 after checking all specification & features but when i got this phone and checked there is no FM feature,FALLS information by AMAZONE.Phone is getting heated up ..display is awesome...charging is slow..bttery drain out fast...no availability of white color phoneawsumsuperSuperspecs are awesome.but the main thing is,u cant trust a CHINESE productwithout any service or service centreIts common. To have defect in mobile,but without service centre,u cant do any thingTheir is battery is bad, also camera is not certifying clarity so that is not good choices if is plan for purchasing any oneThe main problem of this phone is the headphones I've searched so many times bt couldn't find any of it. Plz help me out.sbh freedom application not works because of single centre button if press this button automatically exit from that app.looks are nice.But very slow action.Inserting sim card is sickening process.Battery charges very fast and also drains very fast.Any way for the cost this is tolerable.There is no booklet for how to use this phone like copying contacts etc.Even copying music is complicated.However i finally feel i must have read the reviews more carefully before I had purchased this phone.Camera not upto the markDisplay superVery good batteryOne tough button goodLow procerOKAll features is gud in this phone but i have only one problem that i can't use 2g network only 3g and wifi is workingsome times voice is getting low and other side partener is telling no voice. storing of contacts are also errasing.Display-10/10Performance-7/10Build and design-8/10Audio-7/10Camera-8/10Software-9/10I'm facing a big problem with this phone. After installing whatsapp, I typed my phone number for getting the OTP for getting registered in whatsapp, but it is showing everytime that whatsapp cannot be connected.... So I'm not able to use whatsapp on this phone.... Guys, if you have any solution to this problem, Please let me know.Get ready for a whole different experience on using this mobile. The quality is that of the premium mobile, can be compared with Samsung.SAR value is 0.345W/kg @1g (head) and 0.928W/kg @1g body.Pros:Screen is very bright and sunlight legibility is great. (Screen guard of any type will blur the colors, might be tempered glass will help)Touch was very smooth, don't even feel like Im touching the screen. Need to switch ON Haptic feedback to get the feel.Battery is better in balanced mode and not good in performance mode.It has got Super power saving mode similar to Samsung, pops up when the battery goes to 20% and below, Can be customized anytime.Sound effects are good in headset only and comes with Dirac HD sound mode which is much better than normal. (But not loud though)Voice call needs SIM confirmation every time and has got call recording, call conferencing, data SIM preference.Got Themes but in Chinese--Go to Personalize, hit at the man logo in the bottom & search for the free themes. Its got only few free themes to choose.Proximity Sensors - work perfectly (a big relief for me from the Yureka crap.)ON call voice clarity - No complaints from others (Earpiece sound irritates sometimes if the opposite person is not in a silent environment)Got Gesture support double tap to wake, swipe up to unlock and many other choices -- works like charmCons:Automatic light sensors - Screen is bright even in dark it does not dim to a great extent need to change manually.Mobile heats when the mobile data / WiFi ON + Call in progress. (Not too much, but heats up).Power button placed on the left, need to practice using pointing finger instead of thumb.I have big hand & but found difficult to reach the corners with fingers..**had been using Yureka , It was a big relief when I started to use Meizu M2 note.Too much complicated with fly me account...could not transfer my Google contacts to phone due to fly me issueVery nice phone for the price. View it and play with it to believe it.Only drawbacks,1) There are no tempered glass screen protectors or flip cases or back cover cases for the phone. Though listed in Amazon.in, all the listing are marked as "Currently Unavailable"2) No service centers yetGood to use ...camera great to be honest for this price !!....But in bix there is no Earphone ...cheaterI had purchased it but found Defective and I feel ui is not that great as compared to otr Android phonesniceIts awesomeGud productOver heating issue is there while charging...Camera display is also not good as described...Lots of bugs. Playstore does not work. Email works like windows and not like Android.Awesome phone to have ... nice camera, good speed while accessing internet, excellent touchmy meizu m2 note notification led was not working...........tel how to solve this problem.Except FM radio u r going hv each n everything in your affordable pocket with chic n StyleWorst mobile ever used. Works fine for the first month after that starts getting sluggish and then hangs all the time. Hangs even when one or two background apps are running. cant receive calls when u r playing game as it hangs while switching to call.Bht bekaar or bkwaas h ye phnNo correct signal in the phone, always software is hang and the set is over heatingi bought this phone recently and im not able to sync my google contacts ? any help?Serious flickering issue...started on the third day after purchase...not satisfiedBest cellphone in this price range but it doesn't support all its app in English.Screen damage in first week, dropped it from 3 feet... screen gone completely...Meizu m2 noteJust worth every bit ..... A apple in just 10K. Superb.phone was ok....but i was supposed to get cash. back...i was not given that....It superbSometimes touch not working...what can i do...i bought just before 13 daysIt is just an average phone.Redmi note 4g is a better option than this.this mobile is better but does not detect caller & his location correctjst a awsm phn...d display 1080P, camera,flyme UI n evrythin is awsm...Pathetic sound quality ... You need to buy an ear machine along with it to hear the incoming calls as well as songs.Adding up, now after around 40 days of using this bulls*** phone, some BUZZ sound keep on coming whilst you are on the call. The other person cannot hear you at all. And amazon is not allowing to return this item.... I have wasted my 10K for this s*** .... Plz plz plz don't waste your money ... You can get far better within the same or little more price ...nice one:-)YesLove this phone....Great cameraExcellent battery life...Very quality build, long-lasting quality battery from Sony, full HD clear display and attractive UI based on lollipop... Better than K3 note and Redmi Note 2.. Just go for it.The display of the phone is not working properly and is fading awayNice phone with good specs.Good os.Better than k3 noteVery Nice Phone,Display Quality Is Awesome along with mBack buttonPlease don't buy very low performanceChinese productReturned in 5 days.Cheap product.Never recommended.First impression is good. ..let me use it for some time.Very good product at this price. The camera is awesome.hanging prablam,camera is not 13 fixal qualiy is pooarBecause seems like no official service center in IndiaI like this phone. working quite good. I bought it 4 months back. til date no complaints. hope this will keep working like this.Bought this device a month ago. Absolutely awesome...LIGHTENING DEAL!!!!!!!!!!MI4I at 9999 !!!mobile is very nicebut no serives centers atstylish, but heating issue nd slow processorgreat ...really awesome...meizu m2 note...Play stroe is not working in my phone why?okThanks for d next day delivery. grt phoneAwsome phone damaged within one week...I am proud of meizu....It is not even starting...one week full hang bad camera....no network.....i throw it fell down piece piece piece.....not a good phone..no separate memory card slot..only hybrid sim slot..third class phoneDisplay screen costs 3000 it's too highGood display clarity and awesome mobilenice product received as per describedthis is very good phone in this priceMobile Exileint but version not goodosome phone ...but please give some serivce centre in india.jabalpur.pleasewonderful phone under 10000 Rupees.its ok , has its own disadvantages.Koni re bhaya dum aali baat koniNo Memory Card Option & Sound Quality Is Bad Earphone Not Givennice one this product very niceRecieved today.Phone is awesomeBiscuit phone... Waste productnice mobile with good featuresThis is worthless phone. Looking good but hanging a lotI love this phone, everything is awesome, Meizu did a good innovation on this device.i will right only pros :-1. great design.... uniqueness u will feel when u hold it.2. Long life battery....more than 2 days. battery more then half. my old phone and tab daily need to be poked.3. effort less touch screen.... really like a feather .4. in 10 k.. u will get the most.. 5.5", 13 MP/5MP, 16 GB, 2GB RAm, 3100 MAH, Android OS, v5.0 (Lollipop).What else do you need... go for it..A real cost effective phonevery heated while specking.As of now its working fine.Awesome phone and Carmeraits excellent just buy itNice mobile , Cam superbStrictly avoid.  Item is not exactly as per description. It states a sim key which appears like a security feature but it's really a small thin key with a sharp tip to open sim. Not suitable if you travel abroad using different sims. Also it's on the phone where it stats to tap on home button to go back and press to ho home page ie there isn't a back button like in most android phones. Also doesn't state that back cover and battry can't be removed.Satisfied and excellentI am using this mobile since 1 week.The Meizu M2 note is very smooth mobile.Battary long lasting upto 14 hour in modarate use of 3G internet.Average back cameraVery good front camera for selfie users :o)Defaults apps are very few.You can't use dual sim and memory card at a time because try only made for dual sim card or sim+memory card.Play store and all google apps not work..I am going to return mobile :(Not that user friendlynice phone but  after a month use it started lagging a lot on use .bad impression  after use this handsetBest mobile under 10kSuper film excellentI have purchased 2 days back it is a review of 2 days after usage.Transit: good and reached before estimated package is not so good and safe. It might pack with extra care.Instrument: seems nice but looks like tablet and themes, wallpapers are not so eyeworthy. The camara quality of both rear and front are avg. No head phones supplied by meizu. Not so good as it was boasted.Battery: battery use is not so bad need to be improved.Misc: better to separate sims and sdcard slot three should use at a time. Feels little weightOverall the product is avg and not so helpful to entry users.- Maheshgood and nice phonemeeting expectationGr8 mobile everfantastic phoneBest smartphoneThis phone is good but lack only in this feature of slot in which u can use only 2 Sim or 1 Sim n memory card at a time....this thing may be the major factor for not boost up sale for M3 note..otherwise phone is good.Just make n new model n give separate slots for Sims n MMC N JUST SEE THE MAGIC.THIS PHONE HAS AN ABILITY TO LIFT THE MARKET...very bad pieceVerySlowI like it.....Waste of MoneyWorth of moneyvery very goodNot good product , it is mentioned that Dual sim but u cant use dual SIM and memory card at a time . one slot is common for SIM and memory card, some function key also not understanding , no back key / button .Pl dont buy this product.Please no one purchase this Handset, The reason are below.1. Heating Problem, it too much heating when you play any game or talk.2. so many application are not supported this handset3. App center are available only Chines Language.4. Camera picture quality not Good  as 13 MP camera5. You unable to find all video in video galry.6. Customer care does not support properly.7. Net consume so much as per other for some backend process automatcliycamera superbEverything  is good but the back camera  suxxxxxxx....I mean its like 5mp....Nt 13mp...Although  the phone is good bad sound. .Nt that much premium  but the sharp igzo display  are amazing. .GOOD PRIDUCTThere is problem to view the message, sometime dialog box appear with message that it is not respondingSecondly,battery backup is not so good 3100mah battery is only to sayNice mobileSuper brandNo heating issues..processor is good..no hang problem..better than samsung...better responce..good speed during change in network...camara is ultimate good front and back...Good one!!It's a Chinese phone which is not made to be adapted for India. No FM, No FB in built app and a lot of other apps are missing.i am thinking to buy this phone.is it good  wat abt the sim.they have given two sims dual stadby and the memory int the same slot..is 2nd sim optional.i cant uderstand.can any one suggest me guy..Love itIt's okLOVE ITThis phone has quite a few problem. It's slow, heats up and hangs up very frequently. Doesn't have any resell value.Amazing no bugs... Very smooth... Nice experience... Awesome camera!!!Just love my phone!Supperbhut bekar phone mat lena...... leke pchta ra hu .... lena h to musse le lo 2 din hue bus le k.....Promised what it has advertised. A very good product at cheaper price. Go for it.Phone dosent vibrate when call or msg are coming, pls help me to solve my problemsir many time this mobile is auto switched off and many time hanging problemsGooodOveral phone quality and performance are very good, ui is some different.WorstBroken screen can't be replaced/repaired as no service centre existsUseless Mobile. Getting heat and hanged frequently for normal usage.nicegoodGoodgoodNo fm ? and no earphone ? india's frist requirementvery bad phone no good  battery & phone qualityI brought the phone with lot of hopes epecting it to have all the features that the site has provided. After recieving it here comes the twist.You can only see the names of the apps in english, everything else will be in chinese. The camera doesn't meet the specified features. We will not feel it as a 13MP cam. They better mention it as 8MP, even this will be exaggerating I suppose. Mentioning it as 5MP will be apt. The worst 13MP cam I have ever seen. Even the battery doesn't look like a 3100mah. Flyme OS is not at all user friendly.Sound on speaker phone is horrible. There are no accessories available in market for this OS.camera9/10Ram6/10Processor-6/10Music5/10ok, delivery too late. battery very poorUseless phone with no dual sim option to be used with SD card. Falsely advertised as dual sim whereas its same slot. Overcoated UI, No idea why these companies paint their UI's on Android? Why cant they give stock Android. Anyways good for new users of android, very bad for guys who know android and all hacks. Saw a comment here some guy afraid of rooting for warranty void issues, (Need not be afraid; its same like install windows on DOS laptop and revert if u have to go to service centre.).This is phone  Very good So Nice lookingNot able to download whatsapp?  Need helMain Camera quality is not Full HDNot that great...not a friendly phoneCan i try file manager app but it's working uc music.. And they still not working for gallery..finally I can decide it's a very worst mobileGood phoneAlways irritating for me this time price issue snap deal selling this phone only 7000 and I purchase this phone 9999Good phoneHead nahi hai IInd mazbuti bilkul nahi hai 1feet ki height se girne par hand set dead ho gaya bad experience.Look like iPhone and super bright screen and camera clarity.Nice inenot as  good as what they had informed us.  picture quality is very poor.I can't put micro sim what can I do Hw to put sim and remove batteryWorst phone i ever owned.  Waste of money.niceniceWorth for money good performanceProduct quality was not goodWorst mobile I have never used. I am writing this review after using 4months...Battery back up is worst...Phone is frequently hanging...If we open contacts, then contacts will display after 10 seconds...This mobile worth nearly 2000/-All the promises made by this Phone company is rubbish, I was really excited to buy this phone after reading some online reviews.Pros: slick and stylish phoneCons:- The phone hangs everyday- The battery backup is horrible does not last more than 5 -6 hours- Camera quality is very bad , even you take the pic in bright light the photo comes with black images as a border- No Headset is provided when you buy this phone, it is a basic necessity to listen music- most of external headset is not compatibleI am waiting for this M2 note. Instead of M1. Because it support both sim 4G and support memory card.It's getting hit