
 I purchased this phone last month. Till 15 days no issues. But after that in a day i have to reboot this phone atleast 5 time.  
1.Problem i am facing that caller from other side can not hear me. After reboot everything works fine.
2.Some times i click photos but in gallery is shows black image after again reboot works fine.
3.some app misbehaves in this phone like whatsapp-If i try to download image it does not download but after reboot again works fine.
4.No case cover and tuffen glass available
5.After all this issue i contact customer care they told me we will call you back with in 24 hours but no reply.
6.Service center people saying this is premium smart phone so we can not take your phone. 
So MIcromax people this type of client service will let you down 
 Such high specs at very low price? Awesome.. i brought it from stores at low price then mentioned here. Its audio quality, Display, Camera and Performance is 10 stars.. i can play heavy games like asphalt, dead trigger, wwe immortals without any lags.. Camera is specially awesome in all light conditions.. It even has front flash and OTG support, plus Screen Mirroring.. Battery back up is good.. it has got killer looks, slim and curved edge gorilla 3 glass. itne kum daam me ab kya taj mahal chahiye??? :D 
 The phone is good looking slim and easy to use.
Performance is good. 
But phone is heating more when using more than 20 mins.
When I used skype call of 30 mins. The mobile got very hot. 
 It is a velly good phone
All features are good i. e. Processor, camera, battery backup 
Im extremely happy to have this phone 
 Bought offline for 11500/, its worth it. Everything is good, but the battery life could have been better.
Pros: Looks, design, touch, functionality.
Cons: Battery runs for only about 12 hrs, against my previous phone Sony Experia-C's 16-18 hrs 
 I have purchased offline at rs.11000
display 5/5
design 5/5
camera 4/5
battery 4/5
both sim supports 4g..[u can switch sims]
and also otg s supported..
I m very happy to have this phone..   
 Good Things:-
1. Auto flash in Both Camera, 3 GB RAM, 16GB Internal Memory i.e; Sufficient.
2. Slim Phone that's why looking good and Back Cover Flexible because it is the mixture of Rubber and Plastic.
3. Sensor ids Good, we can uninstall the Preinstalled App 
Bad Things:-
1. Battery Heating, taking more time for Charging.
2. Some Hardware issue in this mobile.  
 Says it supports usb otg. Connected a 16 gb flash drive with a perfectly working otg cable.
BRICKED! It won't turn on anymore. Lesson learnt. Do not but MMX 
 PLZ DO NOT BUY THE CANVAS 5. Charging time is almost 5-6 hours for the 2900 mah battery. Tried 3 different sets and all of them took almost 6 hours to charge from 0 to 100 percent with factory charger 1 amp and also tried with 2 amp charger. Both 1 amp and 2 amp chargers it took almost 6 hours to charge. This is unacceptable in todays fast paced world. Also after charging for 5-6 the standby battery drain is also high. Does not last full day with moderate usage. But good full HD screen and touch is also nice. But 5-6 hours battery recharge time is a design flaw. Even local service Centre in Chandigarh has openly acknowledged the design flaw and they said that they cannot do anything and that it is normal for it to take 5-6 hours to fully charge. Very bad by Micromax. DO NOT BUY, you will regret. Sold my 15 days old set at loss of 4000. 
 Perfect for lite to moderate users 
Very Good one for moderate users 
OK for heavy users 
Style: 9/10 
Display: 9/10 
Performance: 8.5/10 
Battery life: 7.5/10 
Battery charging: 6.5/10 
Camera 7.5/10 
Rest: 8/10 
 This is good phone, but this mobile is 12000/- only...here u selling for more from MRP.
 Why i am pay more 
 The phone look is closely similar to iPhone 6. The performance is same as other phones though it has 3GB RAM. The sound quality is very low. I am not able to hear the ringing sound when I have the phone on my pocket even with full volume. The battery is as usual like other phones and it comes for 1.5 days. The price is slightly cheaper with 3GB RAM. Other than that nothing much extra in it. 
 I doubt that this phone has a gorilla glass 3 screen. 
Within 15 days of use, i saw scratches on my screen. I usually keep my phone in my pocket or on my desk, i do not put keys in the same pocket. But i was surprised when i observed scrathes on the screen. I thought they are minor scratches and can be ignored. Few days later, i saw few more scratches coming up on my screen. Then i decided to put a tempered glass cover.  
If i talk about the experience with this phone, i have found no issues till now. Everything is working smooth till now. It has been over a month now. Camera, display quality, graphics, music everything is quite impressive in this phone. Hence, i will give this as 4-star.  
 Super mobile with camera features and nice gorilla glass and super video clarity 
 Very Very Very Very Excellent & Bestess Mobile Handset Micromax Canvas 5 I ever seen...I am Very Lucky because I buy This Mobile Piece... 
 ...Thank to Micromax... 
 I bought this phone a month ago and experience is satisfactory. Display is very good, performance and battery also good.  
I don't see issues some people are complaining related to heating, mike or extremely long charting time. Takes about 2.5 to 3 hours for charging from 0 to 100% 
Overall satisfactory product. 
 Micromax Canvas 5. 
1st of all...I'm a big fan of Micromax Mobile.
It's look nd size is awesome.  
 In 10K worth of money.. Awesome camera clarity and battey... 
 This is very nice phone .camera is very very best and good.
Only battery problem.
This product is very faster product  
 Very good phone 
I don't know why people are complaining about its battery it lasts a full day with 6 to 7 hrs sot .crisp display .sleek .front can is best rear can is good lag free performance only cons is that it takes 3.5 hrs to charge fully 
 It takes very long to charge the phone and it drains out very quick :-(
Feature wise it is still good but the battery issue overshadows any good feature. Not recommended 
 Very bad product.. the mic stops working and I have to restart the phone again and again.. does hold good network though my microsoft phone haves full network but this micromax voice clarity is bad utter bad! 
 Camera----Excellent (in daytime)
 ----Very good (in low light)
for sharp details enter pro mode and increase sharpness..or for very sharp details enter hdr mode.If u need I can send u some camera samples also.My email - dedipankar0000@gmail.com. u will hardly believe that tey are from a smartphone . it will look like an output from DSLR. (obviously daylight samples) 
Front flash is an excellent thing and the best front cam still i have seen...compared to SAMSUNG S7. 
Performance----Smooth 
Display------------Very sharp and crisp.colors are very accurate and natural. 
Gaming--------Asphalt 8 tested and ran very smoothly at high graphics 
Ram management_--------Magical...Whatever u do (heavy multitasking gaming running apps) always 1.8gb ram remains free. 
Audio-------Dont use the earphone provided from MMX.use ubon ub-85 earphones( available at chandni market )....sound quality is excellent.specially when u turn on the reverb effect.(This is a very unique effect in canvas 5...on increasing volume reverb increases). 
For increasing sound even beyond full volume to compete with Lenovo k4 note u need to install "MTk engineer mode ". enter mtk settings.enter hardware testing....then audio..then headset mode...set max vol to 145.use ubon ub-85.I can gurantee you u will hear a sound which probably u have still not imagined to exist as an output from a smartphone!!!!!! 
Battery life-------yes.charging issue is there.But put the phone in charge when it is at > or equal to 20%.the phone will be charged very quick (about 1% in 1.2 minute).
But if battery goes beyond 15 % then it will take very long to charge.
Backup is good but not excellent. 
unique things.
1) Micromax specific Reverb hardware which is excellent.
2) Micromax specific Dual view mode. (Front and rear camera snaps pic at a time)
3) Very powerful HDR mode
4) Front flash.
5) Miravision to increase display quality.
6) Admirable ram management. (it still astonishes me every time how this magic happens!!....whatever u do always 1.7-1.8gb remains free.......i think it is due to stock android like features.) 
over valued for underpriced.   
 Ultra slim awesome look super selfie cam one day battery no hanging but single sim 
 best phone 1) good quality photography
 2)GOOD TOUCH SCREEN.
 3)GOOD BATTERY LONG TALK TIME.
 4)EXCELLENT DESIGN
 5)NO HEATING PROBLEM 
 6)ECONOMICAL PRICE
 7) EXCELLENT PRODUCT 
 yeah i hve used this phone.. bt now i want to sell this jst bcz of Battery back up... so cheap battry bck up otherwise phone is gud when we charge this phone nd used. same time.. so... phone will be powero off due to bttery low 
 I bought this phone with great enthusiasm three months back. it was running good suddenly the battery issue popped up. a few days back it became dead a following a spillage of Drink (tea) on it. 
this is to be noted that for Indian users we need tough phones and if a phone worth more than 10k can get damaged just by a simple accident than it is not worth buying. the non removable battery makes the condition worse where u can save the phone from getting damaged at the slightest spillage of any conducting fluid like water or drinks. futher more the service center asked for 7500 to repair my phn since it does not cover in the warrenty. 
 How is micromax selling in the store is it good I love micromax   
 I bought this phone 2 months ago.. and I find that this is the best phone i had ever used. excellent camera quality, touch everything is at its best. 
but nothing in the world is 100%
the major problem of this phone is overheating. 
those who accept its bad quality, then the best phone they could ever get.. 
 Its beautiful set with nice specifications. It is worth. Front camera is excellent. Back is good. With dual flash. Ram 2 GB available to use, nearly 12GB rom available. Battery back up is excellent when kept both 2G mode. Good in 3G/4G mode. Look is beautiful.
 Totally I loved this phone too much.. 
 Phone is good but battery drains suddenly i.e if it is 60% at night & in morning the battery suddenly drain & it comes to 0% and mobile get switch off. 
Even thought mobile is switch off at night & when we restart in morning the battery is 0% 
And this happens many times in a month. This is very serious issue about Canvas 5 
 I bought this one 2 months back . And very happy with it . Initially it had some battery problem like charging time was more . Use to drain out quickly from 10% to 1% .But after micromax released it first update it got fixed. Also the cam quality is really good . Has captured great pic. Games are really smooth. The phone being 5.2 is very handy and is very slim and good looking . 
 flipkart service is very good iappriciat of fllipkart this is very god way of online shoping because your time is save 
 i purchased this phone from Poorvika retailer,
after 2 years using my xolo q1010i accidentally its damage inner parts,
so i went to store and got Canvas 5 
form 15 days i am using this phone so there is some information that i want to provide,
1) phone is good no lags no heating only while playing heavy games but not that much i played nova 3
2) i faced some issue with WiFi in my home its works fine but in office its disconnecting i checked for system update and got 34 mb update which solves heating issue and minor bugs,
3) performance is good used lots off application works fine 
4) camera is good professional mode is there using that you can capture good images
all over good phone,
waiting for micromax to release phone with finger print scanner under 12K 
 I have been using Micromax Canvas 5 now for last 1 week. My previous phone was iphone 5 which I used for 3.5 yrs. This time I wanted an android & not too costly, so after a lot of research I ordered Canvas 5. I am not a heavy game user. My usage is mostly camera, internet, calls & books. 
Pros:
Lightweight & Thin
Apt screen size of 5.2 in making it handy as well as big screen
Good camera
Gr8 display
3GB RAM in this price range
Extendable memory
Android Lollipop with iphone like all apps on home screen interface
Good speaker quality 
Cons:
I really cant think of any as yet :-) 
Worth every penny I spent!  
 I bought this phone after reading review in Times of India, saying that this is one of the best budget smart phones. It has good 12MP front camera with nice editing features. Some pre-installed apps are useful. Instead of buying 30-40k samsung or sony mobile phones I'd recommend to buy this Canvas 5. After one year the technology is going to change plus there are chances mobile may get damaged or lost. So why not to invest half of the assumed expenditure in Indian mobile manufacturing company? Although it has 1 or 2 features less than the hi-fi mobiles, it is no lesser than quality performance. 
 First of all Flipkart is misguiding thier valuble customers..if you comapre pricing at any mobile store micromax canvas 5 ranges from 11200 to 11500..here it is costing aroung 1369 with shipping 
Coming to phone 
Awesome look n deisgn
Camera is v good both front n back cam,i can see bit iinovation in tackling camera features 
None in the market offers 3 gb ram 16 gb rom 1.3 ghz processor at just 11.2 k 
as it is 5.2 inch it is v handy to carry 
audio calrity n video display is nice 
Power gamer phone..no lagging 
i have compared samsung on5, on7, j5 and finally bought canvas 5...because of its powerful features that no one can offer 
i have seen little heating issue..but it can rectified by some cooling apps available at google play 
finally at 11k you cant get better than this ...! just go for it ! 
Thumbs Up :) 
 Bought it almost 7Days earlier; Heating Issue Still annoys too much, mostly at gaming. the FHD(1920/1080) Display a Quite a Sharp & Vivid; although a few bugs have been spotted in the system.
Started Playing Asphalt 8: Airborne at 97% charged, after 25Mints of Gaming Charge dropped to 65% & temp. raised from 26 to 46degree, I couldn't Hold it any much longer in my hand,-had to reboot to lower the temp. 
I have to admit that Micromax Has Done a pretty decent job to Provide this gadget with this kinda Price range 
 This handset is best competition for Xolo 1x Black which is not available. 
Better option than Intex Cloud Swift and Coolpad.
Best Part is that this phone is readily available. 
Phone is Available at Cheaper rate on other sites.
Ebay Rs,10846. 
 i just got the mobile n its is excellent n in good condition working fine with no problem no lacking , little heating in normal condition buts works fine 
 nice phone in low budget at Rs.11000/-...
cause of camera quality very very good. whether using primary or secondary and along with ram or rom both as per expectation in low budget so high so for that i would suggest to buy this phone to all 
 camera, batary backup excellent. resolution pixel awesome... 
airtel 4g supported both sim..
very good phone... 
 I had a worst experience of buying two models of Micromax mobile phone i.e. Micromax and Micromax Canvas 5. 
It takes too long a time to charge the battery.
Battery gets discharged within 5-6 hrs.
The phone gets very hot after you use it for 20-30 minutes.
Your voice going to other side gets lost on the way frequently.
Gets hanged up very soon.
No nearby service station and no response from on line service station.
Company doesn't responds even to court notice. 
 Got it from store. Phone is good. Battery back up not bad. Camera is really good. Heats a bit. But theb almost every smart phone heats when you do net surfing. Very stylish but a bit costly for lollipop. Could not save apps in phone memory though selected it 
 Nyc phone ................................................... 
 Phone heated problem and roated problem lock button is not working properly redecules service 
 outer body very bad.. made by plastics..it'll break fraction of second... even there is no replacement in market.. 
 The biggest mistake I ever did in purchasing. I usually read all reviews do a in depth analysis before buying a mobile. In a year usually I buy and advice others to buy more than five mobiles. But this has been my worst ever decision. 
Why
Well this phone has the worst battery ever. 
And it has slowest of battery charging time.
And it has flimsy buttons
And camera pictures look like VGA
And it should not hear up like oven. 
And it should not have so much lag while playing games.
And 3gb ram performance should be better. 
And ....and..... 
Few Pros t to end up with..
Excelant finish
And crisp display.
And solid build.
And fast processor.  
And....I guess that's it.  
Phone for and generation....  
I have purchased this from flipkart, from first day its heating too much, i cant hold the phone after 10 minutes of game, i request for return but flipkart refuse to return it, he saying update software, n many more excuses. Also saying that its our hidden policy. We cant return the product.
Its really disappointing service by flipkart. After long calling to senior n nodal then it returned.
dont by this phone also chk hidden return policy of flipkart. 
 Don't buy total waste of money initially good but after 15-30 days problems start and then you suffer way too many problems 
 i purchased this mob.from flipkart overall mob. is good looking is good it to slim set . but this phone i face mice problem some time mice not work .when i reboot phone its work fine but after 1 day again am facing mic problem i replace this ph. an flipkart an other ph. provide me but again same problem i am facing an other mobile finally i return this mob.& refund my money back thanks to flipkart which provide good service . 
 battery backup is not good bakwas ek dm battery hanging problem 
 Wonderful mobile... at comfortable price. Well packed sealed n timely delivery. Highly appreciate the services of FLIPKART. 
KUDOS... Delighted to have the mobile... 
 HelloGuys, 
Best Deal, @10899Rs price awsum phone wid all great features..
No issues, battery backup is also good.
After 2years really micromax build such a nice phone
Thanks to Flipkart for delivered before standard tym.. 
Please Go for this device.  
 Dear All, I want request to all please dont buy Canvas 5, it have mic & hanging problem frequently, I was made a complaint but no one are not responding positively, I was send at their service center they also not able to find the problem My new handset with him & I am unable to get response from service center as well as micromax. I really believe that our Indian co. we should promote to him, but it worthless, so request to him again.please dont purchase this phone....... it really poor and pathetic mobile 
 I am unable to connect to your helpline for exchange of the product or replace this with a different phone purchase . The phone is getting heated up when put for charge and its very dangerous to use it during that condition. 
 phone is good but market stores give at 1000 rupees cheaper than the price shown here. so if u r really interested in buying this, go get it from any mobile store with warranty and everything and cheaper price. phone is good..looks features everything. the memory available is only 10 gb. 
 Mobile is awesome... good value for money...
but I have one question..
I got the mobile @ 12.2K price..yesterday
but in my city at retail shops..it costs 11.5K !!??
FLIPKART Guys.. hows dat happening ??
so.. are you guys selling us at higher price than retail stores ??
i seriously demand some answer ...
bcoz if its true...then on-line mobile shopping is no more Profitable.. 
 I have observed one strange thing today. I was trying to buy Micromax Canvas 5... when searching the mobile set, it is showing Rs. 11,850 and when I add to the cart it is showing Rs. 12,750 plus Rs. 70 delivery charge... So I am not buying this set now... Hope this will get rectified asap. 
 facing a battery problem it takes lot of time to charge and discharge very quickly.... gone to sevice center they have no clues......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................micro max producing cheap products 
 Price of Micromax Canvas 5 in Online is Rs. 12999/13500 and at the shop it is Rs.11999.  
This review is on the pricing of the items online.  
Also there are offers of along with purchase in the shop. Why should we purchase online when it is cheap at the shops. 
Why don't online portals take a look at this make an even deal for the customers.  
 Buy this phone from Paytm.com at 11428/-...just awesome......................................................................................... 
 Hi All, 
Please Read this and help others. 
This phone released price is 11999/-(If you check at google-Techies mentioned price). But these sellers selling this Phone around 14000/- + Extra 100/-. If hundred rupees is Ok but how we can pay extra 2000/-. Today i saw Sales Emporium seller price after laughed, mentioned 14999/-. Previously he only mentioned 13500/- something+ Free delivery charges, after One day 13999/- + 100 delivery charge finally today 14999/-(Out of stock). hi sellers every one is watching this space. I don't know what Flipkart is doing this type of things. I am going to share this Information through twitter. Every one should know about this cheating thing. I already raised ticket @ micromax team, they haven't replied...... 
 the price of micromax canvas 5 is 11,999 so why flipkart taking more money for this smartphone , i am waiting for this mobile when its price get low on 11,999 
 Why the price high when the Micromax Company Itself Say the price is only 11,999 ? and you people sell at 13,990 ? That's 2000 Rs More ... You can get this phone for 12,999 from ebay. Whats wrong with flipkart? all got flipped? 
 Why do you want to buy a micromax mobile when the micromax doesn't giver you the necessary services. micromax service is poor. i am facing problem. my case is running in consumer court. do not buy any product of micromax 