
 I have been facing so many issue with this mobile ....  
So please don't buy this phone ... !!!! :( 
 The phone is amazing to use. very slim. the display clarity is good and the color reproduction is very colorful and attractive. The only disadvantage I see in this phone is low internal memory of 16GB 
 I bought this phone a few days ago. Though I bought it only for its looks knowing well that it has many flaws regarding its hardware mainly.
However I am very pleased with the performance so far and I will rate it below-
Display 8/10
Speed 8/10
Call clarity 9/10
Network stability 10/10
Heating problems 8/10 (does not heat up)
Touch experience 9/10
Build quality 10/10
Battery 9/10  
I have used many phones in the past from Note2 to 5s 4s Microsoft 640xl blackberry z30, Galaxy A8 and many many more however I think this one the micomax sliver 5 pleasantly suprised me and I am going to hold on to it for some time. 
Sp 
 camera quuality is very poor . and music soung is irritating ,
front camera shows a blue spot always in every picture 
if i hace option i give negative rating star, but without rating comment is not processed . 
 First those who are facing any difficulty you must realise any phone can give problems either its 4k or 40k. But barring one or two the phone is really nice and premium i am using it for some day. 
 you can get a better phone at this price rather than 5mm it doesn't look great and the processor and resolution is also very low like in phones at 5-7 k,if u want to buy this mobile please mind you're spending more on less thickness 
 One word... Excellent device... Pros.. Best in terms of built quality, performence, daylinght camera, display, and aslo sound is great from the nxp audio speakers, snapdragon410, .. ... Great flipkart service.. ?? 
Cons: low light camrea performance is bad 
 Battery life is good but not great.. (enough for me). Thats all. Otherwise great.. Ok u don't believe me... Give a try.. 
Thanks to flipkart and shop47.. TONI STARK 
 It is very beautiful. And weightless also very few aps and always free ram is above 1gb so speed is enough ..but for sometimes hangs I donot know why. ..For me MAIN ISSUE IS LOW SOUND IN AUDIO it IS ONLY 90%SOUND IN COMPARISION TO other phones SO YOU CANNOT HEAR AUDIO EFFECTS 320 KPBS 
 getting hot even if u play a game for 5 min or less..drawback-mmc card less phone..overall not so good smartphone 
 Best quality and 100% Genuine. I am fully satisfied with the product. Very quick shipping. 
Thanks a lot. 
 its a good buy. limitations to the product are battery and memory. so if you use cell phone all day its going to be a bit of problem. memory by company is 16GB but we get 11GB to use. and we cannot expand the memory too. Apart from that screen resolution is excellent. and Overall is a really good product. 
 people who use dual sim can afford to buy this mobile if in case they wish to buy this amazing mobile. this mobile could have been dual sim. 
 It nice to have the mobile in the mid budget i got it for 15900, it working good .....nothing much to add 
 Useless phone, specs are on paper only. Looking at 3gb ram and Octa core processor, phone is very slow. Actual out put would be 1gb ram and dual core processor. Micromax is looting customers. Blot on " Make in India" campaign. Please don't buy this phone and waste your money. Useless Company with useless phone. 
 Please don't even think of this mobile. Rather go for a Spice company or some other cheap company but don't opt this mobile.
I purchased this mobile on 11th of Nov 2015. On 3rd day it got hanged and till now it is not working.
When contacted to service centre they asked to be calm and they will replace the mobile in next 7 days. Today is 30th Nov 15 and still they are not able to find a dispatch order of replacement.
No affiliate authority number / email is provided anywhere in Micromax website. Hence ur efforts will be in vein. 
 For 15500 we can buy good buy but I bought this one lot of problems are there... 
so better don't buy... 