
 Got this phone on the Next day I ordered. Thanks to Flipkart First Subscription!  
I will refrain myself from writing long stories and telling the things you can simply see in the product description. I will simply write down my thoughts on the parameters which matters most. Lets come to Phone now:  
1. Build Quality: 4.5/5 Back panel is scratch proof with matte finish. Cutting 0.5 star because chrome is of Plastic, not metallic.
2. 2 GB of High Frequency RAM and awesome RAM management: 5/5
3. Perfect Screen size. Larger screen could have decreased battery backup. 5/5
4. Resolution is perfect for the price range and PPI makes it much better. 5/5
5. Battery life is too good. Even though it is having only 2470 mAH battery, with 100% charge, I downloaded about 40 apps on 4G, used whatsapp, gaming of 1 Hour, used calling, SMS and other common features throughout the day (12 hours) and the battery was still 5%: 5/5
6. Camera quality is good (not awesome) in indoors and AWESOME in outdoors with sunlight. They gave Slow motion video feature as in Iphone that is more than awesomeeeeee: 4/5
7. Headphones given are of above average quality but at least they are giving it other wise Zenphone 2 and Honor 4x don't have headphones. 3/5
8. The phone comes up with dual speakers BUT only one speaker is functional at a time. The phone do not have convertible speakers like we have in Moto nexus 6. Top speaker is just for headset mode and bottom speaker is for playing Media. But still, the sound quality is good & loud (very loud). It should have provided two normal speakers for media instead of one loud speaker because multiple speakers creates surround sound. 4/5
9. Water resistant phone, I splashed a glass of water but It is working..!!!! Just remember to close the back lid as mentioned in the sticker. 
10. Original Flip Cover AVAILABLE!!! You cannot use duplicate flip cover (one that replaces original back lid) because your phone will no longer be water proof.
11. You can connect 2 USB cables with charging adapter. It means you can charge two phones simultaneously. THATS AMAZING!!!! However, the adapter is of 1150 mAh, means it will take atleast 2.5 hours for full charge. 4/5 
12. Just like apple, motorola has learnt how to provide flawless performance with low-medium specs (Just like iphone's top model has 1GB RAM only). The phone do not have super high speed processor, but the processing management is so awesome that there are NO LAGS even with using multiple applications simultaneously. 5/5
13. Good screen to body ratio with minimum wastage. Like HTC phones waste too much space below and above the screen and make phones unnecessarily larger. This phone utilizes the maximum area and keeps phone pocket sized.  
NOTE: The phone comes with free airtel 4G SIM but there are no instructions on flipkart on how to use it. Don't worry, you don't have to rush to Airtel Store to use it. Simply type: SIM SPACE NEW_SIM_NUMBER from your airtel mobile number and send it to 121. The new SIM will be activated within 10 minutes. However, some of my friends got expired SIM. In such case, it shows that SIM number is incorrect. You can get SIM number from back side of the sim. I inserted Airtel 4G SIM in slot 1 of this phone and got AMAZING speed of 28 Mbps :D  
ALSO I bought original MOTO Flip cover worth Rs. 1799 with this phone and got Rs. 549 OFF. :D To verify if the offer still exist, Add this phone and original Moto Flip Cover to your cart. If your luck is good, you'll see Rs. 549 off there.  
WARNING: DO NOT PLAY WITH WATER RESISTANCE FEATURE. IT IS JUST TO KEEP YOUR PHONE SAFE IN CASE OF ACCIDENTS. PROLONGED IMMERSION IN WATER OR USAGE OF SPEAKERS WHILE DIPPED IN WATER MAY CAUSE DAMAGE.  
Overall, I would rate it 4.5/5 stars. Its a great deal for this price range. If your budget is 13K, just order this phone without thinking much. Hit like button if you found my review useful ;)   
 I have been using this phone for more than a MONTH now and i would like to say that i am quite satisfied with the product as of now.Let me break it down in terms of pros and cons for you guys- 
Pros- 
1. Design:- The phone is classy and looks quite stylish in looking and gives a very good in hand feel when you're using it. 
2. Camera:- The camera on this moto g3 is great.I mean one can capture really good photos with it, be it front or back.This is the case when you are in good or medium lightning conditions,so if you're clicking pictures in dark or low lighting the picture quality is only mediocre(Rear&Front) and looks a little bit artificial(Front Cam).But i suppose that's the case with every other smartphone in this price range. 
3.Battery:-Battery is a major concern now -a-days and also the previous model of this phone i.e the moto g2 had battery issues.But this phone can give you a really good battery backup.It can easily last you a day even with heavy usage if you give it a full charge in the morning.It takes 2:45 minutes to charge from 0 to 100 with first 85% charged in just 2 hours.I am getting approx 5 hours of screen on time(2 sims,1 sim being 3g and the other 2g with mobile data on) and approx 7.5 hours of screen on time if the mobile data is off.So i think it's great.Isn't it? 
4.Performance:- Performance is absolutely smooth.No hanging issues.Working without flaws(Asphalt 8, fifa15,dead trigger 2,Leo's fortune and many more games resides on my storage ^_^ ).Handling all without any problems 
5.RAM:- As you know you're getting 2 Gigabytes of RAM on this device and i must say ram is way more than enough for a user.I have around 82 apps installed on this phone including the built-in-apps and still there is 700-800 mb free space in RAM all the time.So it's fckin' cool guys! :) 
6.Storage:- You're getting around 11 Gb free for user out of 16 gb internal storage.Besides that,one can expand it through sd card for upto 32 Gb! 
Cons- 
1. Display- The first & d formost con that i noticed in this device was the display.It really annoyed me at first coz sometimes white looks a lil bit yellowish and color production isn't accurate as it should be.So if you're not so concerned about colors,just ignore it.You myt also not notice it in the day to day usage.So not a big issue,atleast for me! 
2. Heating issues:- Wasn't really an issue if you have asked me about the phone a week ago.Don't get me wrong,in normal usage you won't feel any heating problem on this device but when i play asphalt 8 for a long time,the screen panel do heats a little.Also,sometimes i have noticed that it gets warm while charging.So in case if it creates a problem for any of you,i mentioned it here. 
#Would update my review as soon as i feel any change in its performance and usage.
#Give my review a thumbs up if it 's helped you in any manner. 
 I had asked for replacement of the Moto G 3rd gen because of some manufacturing defect. Its been more than 2 weeks that flipkart hasn't updated me about the same though my returned product has been reached more than 2 weeks ago. I have been calling everyday for the update. None of the representative is able to give me any update about the same. Its my first time I'm experiencing such a bad customer care support from Flipkart. The product had boasted about 'WS Retail- Advantage' (irony)! Its so unfortunate and frustrating to see flipkart's service deteriorating like this. Flipkart, if you don't want to give replacement of the product, please give me refund (into bank account and not wallet) of my hard earned money, if you still have any respect for your customer's money and time. 
 Got this phone yesterday. First of all hats off to Flipkart for awesome delivery time. 
Now coming to the phone:
1. Build Quality: 5/5
2. 2 GB of RAM with no bolt ware, and awesome RAM management: 5/5
3. Screen size could have been bigger as we are getting 5.5 inch screen on Honor 4x: 4/5
4. Resolution is perfect for the price range and PPI makes it much better. 5/5
5. Battery life is too good.Even though it is having only 2470 mAH battery, with 30% charge, I downloaded about 30 apps on WIFI, used whatsapp on 4g and little bit of gaming, used torch and over all used phone for 4 hours but when got up in the morning battery was still at 10%: 5/5
6. Camera quality is good and they gave Slow motion video feature as in Iphone that is more than awesomeeeeee: 5/5
7. Headphones given are of average quality but at least they are giving it other wise Zenphone 2 and Honor 4x don't have headphones. 2/5
8. Sound quality in music player is good, try with some sony Headphone: 5/5  
Finally WATER RESISTANCE phone, I already gave it a dip in a bucket of water :D and guess what. It is working..!!!! Just remember to close the back lid as mentioned in the sticker. 
And in the end I would says, haters will keep hating it and give bad review. Don't listen to them. 
Above review is after using for 10 hours. 
Adding Some more points after using for about more than 24 hours
+No Lags, can handle and switch between upto 12 apps without issues
+No heating Issue
+Battery Life is awesome (after a full charge and using for 5 hours with browsing on Wifi, downloading apps and few clicks with cam and 3 slow motion video and whatsapp, battery is still at 80%)
+Loved the on screen notification 
So will recommend you to go for it. No need to give a second thought. 
 I was initially unsure about which phone to choose between the Mi 4i and the Moto G, but then I got the opportunity to use both so here's a review based on the comparison. My review is based on average usage pattern of a couple of calls, a lot of texts, Hike/WhatsApp/FB messages, some browsing, a little (not very graphic intensive) gaming, watching videos on YouTube and on the phone, single SIM usage, and 60-70% time on Wi-Fi. These are my conclusions: 
1. Performances: Day to day performance is fast, zippy and completely lag-free on both. I found the Moto to be slightly snappier (with 18 apps running!) when compared to the Mi 4i (with 6 apps running), but the difference might be too minor to notice in day-to-day performances for most users. 
2. Heating Issues: The Moto heats up a little when charging, but apart from that it is completely free from heating of any kind. Unlike other reviewers, I'll have to laud Xiaomi's efforts with the Mi 4i though: the new upgrades have reduced the heating levels to a bare minimum, and now it only warms up a little with heavy use. 
3. Battery: The battery on the Moto G can last easily over a day, but it would be wrong to expect more of the 2470mAh battery. However, with the same usage pattern, the Mi 4i's battery easily lasts 2 days for me.
4. Display: The screen is where it really lags: pixels are very much visible and you'll be rather disappointed if you're viewing it from a 6-10in distance. There's also a yellow-ish tint. In comparison, the Mi 4i's screen is way nicer. However, brightness, sunlight legibility and viewing angles are exceptionally good on both devices.
5. Camera: The camera on the Moto G is disappointing if you think it's a 13MP/5MP shooter, esp. if you're coming from the Mi 4i's superior performance. It's fast and has a minimal interface, while the the Mi 4i provides far more options in terms of filters, etc. Video quality on the Moto is better than on the Xiaomi in my experience. 
6. Storage: Device storage is where the Moto G beats the Mi 4i hands down. I had no problem storing and accessing my entire season of FRIENDS on the Moto, something I wouldn't dream of on the Mi 4i. You get 5GB on the Mi Cloud on the Xiaomi, while you get Google backup on the Moto so cloud storage probably isn't something you need to worry about. Both devices have USB-OTG though, and it works just fine on both. 
7. User interface: 
- Vanilla Android on the Moto with it's superior bloat-free feel is amazing, particularly after TouchWiz! Though both devices have the same amount of RAM, the Mi 4i's bloatware eats into the RAM and leaves only about 900MB RAM with NO active applications. This might explain why the Moto feels smoother despite the lower core-config. 
- I personally prefer the comfort of an app drawer as well as folders: something which only the Moto G offers. Even Nova Launcher keeps crashing on the Mi 4i, which is a negative for someone who might want to customize the UI. Both the Lenovo K3 Note and the Mi 4i lack the app drawer I've come to love, offering only folders and buttons in an Apple-esque fashion. However, others prefer the latter kind so it's really upto you. 
- If you care about the quick-access buttons on the notification tray, the Moto G might be a bit of a shocker for you. For instance, there's no "Silent" button or dedicated "Mobile Internet" button. Switching on/off the mobile data is a two-step process which should have been a one-step process, and that's kinda annoying for me. The Xiaomi's configuration in this department - only in this, mind you - like most phones, is pretty standard: hence it's probably a little easier to use. 
9. Assisting features: Moto additions to stock Android are actually useful, such as the active display. However, the mi 4i offers notification lights even if not the active display. Overall, I find the active display on the Moto to be more useful than the light - but then, if you're used to the notification lights, you might be missing that on the Moto. 
10. Telephony: Both phones offer superior calling facilities and there's no call drop. The active noise cancellation works really well on both devices. 
11. Build Quality: Both phones have solid build quality, but the Moto G feels much nicer and sturdier in my hand than the Mi 4i. Moto's heavier and bigger, which means I'm afraid of dropping it half the time. I'm guessing guys won't have this problem, but for us girls, the Mi 4i is definitely much easier to hold. The Gorilla glass IPx7 rating, however, makes me feel safer using the Moto. The Mi 4i has survived 2 drops in as many months so far, though.
12. Speakers: Despite the single speaker on the Moto, it's extremely loud and clear in terms of the sound quality! Listening to music is a pleasure, particularly vocals. The Mi 4i is slightly less loud in my experience, and the speakers (located on the back) tend to get muffled if you keep it on a desk or pillow: but this might be subjective. 
 Moto G3 is a very good mobile in its price range. Absolutely no issues in that. Though, the screen boasts of Gorilla Glass, it is very sensitive and easily breaks if it falls from a height of just 1-2 feet. My phone accidentally slipped, and the glass broke. Replacement cost is MORE than Rs. 6000. Other options of going for duplicate screen replacement at local shops is not available for this MOTO G. It is hard to find Moto G service centres near by, and even if you find one, they will keep the mobile with them for very very long time, and you would just have to ask them again and again, which could be a frustrating experience. 
So, BUY A BACK CASE!! You never know when your phone may slip. 
 i had already use moto g , moto e and moto e2 , but this is CLASS .  
talking about pros
1- phone has got good body and its back panel gives you a holding grip ...
2- next is its battery ..battery backup is superbbbb.... 
3- beacuse of 2 gb ram phone is superfast unlike samsung phone keep on hanging . 
4-on display moto has worked this time 
5- yess camera is what i was waiting for .. camera quality is superb ...i took the photos use the dual flash .. but the best part is the front camera .. awesome selfies...
6- processor is good and i think lag problem with big heavy games willl end 
only 1 con i found is there is a little extra space given apart from screen which makes phone a lilttle bigger.. 
dear moto please dont bring new phone so early . i dont have so much money :P . i will keep it atleast for 2 years as have keep moto g for 1.5 years and yes thanx flipkart for making it deliver in 1 day without paying extra delivery charges.. 
 i am the lucky one . i have ordered MotoG 3 rd generation 16 GB
i received the faulty device. Its not charging more than 50 - 55 % in two days.
i have requested for replacement but i have not getting positive intituions because now they are follwing some long proceedures for device replacement. 
i will update status everyday till the time i will not get solution.
i dont need any repair on this device i need replacement because i have paid for new and fault free device. and the trouble which i am facing that is free of cost. 
 Hello everyone,
First of all I would like to say that I don't normally waste my time writing a review, in fact this is technically not a review but my honest opinion about the phone. I am going to refrain from praising flipkart (Oops!) in this, and I will simply write down my thoughts on the parameters which matter to me as follows (Pros or Cons you decide!):
1. The phone is a 5", which is a perfect fit for my pocket (Always hated my HTC 826 for its size among other things.)
2. The phone has a hardy and rugged look and I feel it is a good companion for my daily use. Gorilla glass and water proof coating is the icing on the cake.
3. I listen to a lot of music and read books/news and browse on my phone and often find my phone running out of juice easily. This phone despite having a 2470mAh battery, lasted my torments quite long and still it is at 55%. Now that's one adamant little thing.
4. I don't really miss the lack of notification LED, in fact it's better this way. I always found that flashing light annoying.Moto display is good enough for me.
5. Lack of bloatware and forced installed factory apps unlike Asus Zenfone, HTC (dammit ZOE!) makes it even more sexier. The phone's UI feels smooth and fast due to stock Android.
6. Last but not the least, I need at least one 4G connection for my data usage. The other one for calling. The purpose is served, so I am happy.
So those are my views based on my requirement. Hope someone will find it useful in making an informed decision.
Regards
Pritam 
 hi frnds , firstly filpkart's in a day service is awesome. 
now come to the review 
No doubt this is the best phone in its range and also upto 15k, let me prove u why  
1. all the phones till 15-17k. u will find that they may have Snapdragon's 410 , but they all are 1.2MHz and MOTO G3 has 1.4GHz 
2. doesn't matter that other phones also have 2gb ram , the question is that , Is the UI of the phone so light that the phone can run smoothly with 2gb ram? 
and the answer is in front of u MOTO G3 has stock android which is so light 
3. if u are in the mood to buy a good phone u probably comparing b/w Lenovo A6000 plus , lenovo K3 note , redmi note 4g , MI4I , samsung j5 , samsung j7 and MOTO G3 . 
now all these phones have their own UI that means U CAN'T FEEL THE EXPERIENCE OF ORIGINAL ANDROID 
next ,  
lenovo and Mi having a big problem that they are getting hang as because their UI is heavy , which shows effects on ram ,that A LARGE AMOUNT OF RAM IS GETTING USED ON THESE PHONES  
and now talk about samsung J5&J7 these are rejected by me because of the name samsung with them as samsung phones will shows their realities after 6 months i hope u are agree with me ,  
now that's why I had chosen MOTO  
now for those who are having complaints about moto g3 
1. Camera:- for those who are having issues with camera , actually the camera is good but it just need a software update of camera application , no issues in the h/w 
2. display:- i know that motorola should give a 1080 display but they made an intelligent decision by increasing battery capacity , 
if they put full hd display in this phone and same battery then everyone will complaint about battery drainage . 
so i think display is right at its place. 
finally , I don't find any cons in this phone specifically the looks and feel , when u take this phone in your hand it proves its durability and the look which is so stylish .
not like the lenovo ,mi and other rectangle bars . 
i made a right decision by choosing this among all , now its your turn my frnd  
 Hi all !! Greetings for the day... 
I had to get a phone within budget of 10k- 15k. First was confused between many options like Lenovo k3 note, Samsung J7, MI, etc. Then this phone was launched, was so impressed by its features and specifications that I ordered for it, taking a chance. Got my MOTO G 3rd GEN phone on time and it was a good delivery by FLIPKART as usual ... After extensively using the phone Iam giving my reviews in order to help other guys thnking of purchasing this phone.  
Display : 4.5/5 (Cool display and is equally good to veiw it from extreme angles)
Camera : 4.5/5 (Super awsm camera for this price range, and quick capture feature is also awsm. Selfies in low light also came out pretty well and good.)
Call quality : 5/5 (Clear, crisp and good call quality)
Build Quality : 5/5 (Amazing build quality, fits in ur hand and light weight as compared to other mobiles in this range)
UI: 5/5 (feathery smooth)
Battery Life: 4.5/5 (After fully charging the battery, used the phone to extreme extent but still it had some power left till the end of the day. Thus it would last for a day fairly, if fully charged) 
Water proof: (Yes it is water proof, tested by placing it in water for some time, stil aftr taking it out, working fantasticly)
Screen : Thanks to gorilla glass, kept my phone in pocket with othr stuf, evn dropped it into bag full of stuff like keys, charger, compass, etc, but just wipe the screen and it seems as new evrytym. U wont need a flip cover for this. 
Cons: Some of the settings are missing, but yet a smooth user interface makes up for all that :)  
Go ahead folks, don't miss this cute thing..in such a good price.. MUST BUY !!   
 Bought 16 GB, 2GB Ram, White Color Version, had some Display problem, (finger print smudge in the display).
Requested for replacement got got replacement piece in 3 days.
Replacement piece is also defective, filter like transparent shield is missing on the earpiece(top speaker grill area).
And found some sticker is pasted on the earpiece, which is not properly pasted,
Due to that when I call someone, ring sound is very horrible and i cant able to keep the mobile close to my ear. And audio quality is earpiece is most of the time is not audible(very crunchy).
Then again requested for the replacement, but they declined it for 2 times.
Then went to moto service centre, the checked the mobile, they found the earpiece defective.
Then again requested for the Replacement, but the refused to give replacement and gave refund.
i am absolutely disappointed with the flipkart. 
From this incident i am having doubt whether flipkart selling 100% new product or they selling used or refurbished piece. 
Recommendation for the Flipkart Buyers : Buy the mobile from flipkart within 1 month from the launch date, else wait for the new model to launch or just forget the flipkart buy it from retail store. 
I won't recommend flipkart to my friends and relatives. 
 This is my first Motorola device,I got my phone yesterday, but I'm already in love with my Moto G (3rd GEN).  
It gives smooth experience like butter. Now let me tell you... what you mostly like in the device & what you may don't like also,  
Updated Ratings>(After using it a month)  
Display :: 4/5(Color reproduction not good in some aspects) 
Build Quality :: 5/5 (Really good) 
Sound :: 4/5 (No Stereo speakers but its loud and clear ) 
Battery :: 4/5 (Last a day for normal usage and 10-15hrs for heavy usage) 
Call Quality :: 4.5/5 (No call drop nothing but call recording option not available) 
Heating Issue :: 3/5 (Only a bit of screen heating issue after continuous usage,where as most of the phones heats a lot every time...So, it heats up but not a major issue) 
Camera :: 3.5/5(Low light pictures not good) 
Gaming :: 3/5 (Not suitable for high end games but can play most of the games smoothly) 
Android Experience :: 4.5/5 (Stock Android)  
1st Impression >>
______________ 
Pros ::
1)Butter smooth experience as vanilla OS & 2GB RAM(No lags & no heating).
always a lot of memory available to use, super memory management 
2)Slow motion video (awesome one). 
3)Moto display(Its much better than LED notifications) 
4)Super Battery backup(after full charge used Wifi,music & others thing for continuous 5 hours & after that it's showing 70% available) 
5)Clear audio output through load speaker & superb audio output through headphone(have Sennheiser headphone) 
6)Camera looks good for me..both rear & front camera provide good sharp images. 
7)Except this, awesome build quality & 5 inch screen is good to hold(also fits good in pocket).  
Cons ::
1)Headphone provided with the set is not good. 
2) Non-removable battery. 
3)There is no single click mobile data On/Off, u need to through the settings to turn on/off data network.  
P.S. So you can see that not much Cons you get from this device..! :D  
I will recommend all to get this phone if you love to get software updates,smooth android experience & who don't go with the specifications only but want a good long lasting phone as this Motorola is optimized fully between H/w & S/w which you don't get to know without using this. Go buy it...!! :) 
 Touch screen has an issue. I does not recognize touch sometimes specially while swiping open App on right side in order to delete.
I informed customer support. They remotely tested it with there own software.  
I have an issue here why can't they consider my problem and replace upfront?
I can record video and upload it on youtube as well.
Flip kart after sale service is not cool any more.
I am now no more a fan of Moto G. I have used all the 3 generations. This is the first time Filpkart Technical support is creating trouble. 
Don't fall in Trap with Flipkart Advantage. 
 Lets review this and clear your confusion : 
*LENOVO K3 - Batttery drains faster if you wanna make/receive much calls on this device plus it is 5.5inch which is much larger as a pocket friendly. 
*MI4I - As a fact, heating problem is a inbuilt backlog of MI4I Plus Sound Quality is 3rd grade and Pendrive doesnt work properly in this cell.  
*ASUS ZENFONE 2 - Heating problem, You cannot use internet on 2nd sim slot; its purely a call base sim slot , Network issues, Take very long time to charge , Not recommendable even if you are getting for free of cost  
*Samsung J5 - If you go buy specifications ; it is having 1.5 GB RAM, 8 GB ROM and 1.2 ghz clock speed which will make difficult for you to do smooth multi-tasking and as its clock speed is only 1.2 ghz it will definetely hang during loading of heavy applications.  
 ** What makes MOTO G3 an unique recommendable phone..????? ** 
(Note - The above mentioned backlogs of the mentioned cellphones are not there in MOTO G3) 
1) Awesome design, sexy HD display with 294 ppi (pixel per index) which makes the cell to look more advance (Design 10/10) 
2) Superb battery life with zero heating issues. (Battery 9/10) 
3) Mindblowing front camera even in low light and awesome rear camera because with Dual smart flash it makes the pic more realistic (Camera 10/10) 
4) Smooth performance even if you use 20 applications at a time or you are playing Large size games as it is builgt with 2 gb RAM (performance 10/10) 
5) Efficiency is good as there is no issue of hanging because its Quad core processor is provided with 1.4ghz clock speed (Efficiency 9/10) 
6) Best phone if you wanna use internet with less battery drain ( 10/10) 
7) Water resistance upto 3 feet and 29.30 minutes having 1px7 rating but Make sure your original back lid (which was attach with the device) is fitted  
8)Nic phone to watch HD Videos and movies coz it has good viewing angles with smart light (10/10) 
9)Sound output is quite decent with one speaker which is more clear than MOTO G2 having 2 speaker output but if you wanna listen in handsfree mode than purchase some good headsets of Skull candy or Sony as its accessoried handsfree are not impressing (8/10) 
10) It has got 3 great advantages.
a) It will activate Flash light in lock mode if you shake it from left to right fastly
b) It will activate and change camera mode if you twist it fastly 
c) Its charger got 2 output so you can charge 2 cell phones with one charger with guarenteed safe operation and Its charger output is 1100 mA So your MOTO G3 will complete charge in 2.2 hrs.  
**** GO For MOTO G (3rd generation) **** 
I had purchased 8 different cell phones in 2 yrs so i have much deep knowledge & can strongly recommend MOTO G3 to buy. #BeSmart #Go4It (y)  
#innocentmitesh 
 Impressive specs and build quality, but when it goes against the J5 it's a tough choice so i went through a lot of research and used both the phones, here's my fast comparision 
Build Quality- Moto G3(samsung has a plastic feel)
Display- Samsung for its super AMOLED display which has more saturation and vibrant colours
Camera- Moto G3 because of better optical utilization and better low light pictures but j5 has a better front camera
UI- Moto G3 hands down( pure android experience,no lag, no bloatware and a guaranteed update everytime)
Battery- Samsung(3000mah)
Speakers- Moto G3 (even with a single speaker it's louder than most phones)
Water resistant- Moto G3(plus point) 
Now talking about specs, while both are almost identical, Moto G3 handles games better with no lag and heating because of its UI(heats up a little when on charge), while touchwiz uses up a lot of RAM which leaves about 500-800 Ram for other apps..it can only hold 4 apps while Moto G3 can hold 18 apps with ease!  
Now Now there are small things like slight price difference,dual flash,front facing flash,4G LTE but thats up to you.. 
In conclusion i'll give Moto G3 8.5 and Samsung J5 an 8. 
I bought G3 for its smooth UI,water resistance, gaming capability and a premium looking phone 
If you want better resolutions,selfies and more battery life, go for the J5.
these phones are simply the best in range right now. 
thanks for reading :) 
 Dropped my Moto G 3rd Generation on the road just after 3 days of using it. The screen got broken. Totally my fault.  
Estimated repair cost: Rs 4,500 
Your after-sales service is a joke. After reading many other instances of delays o their website and social media pages, I'm sure that mine is not a one-off incident! 
Seems like only yesterday, but a month has gone by and my phone (Moto G 3rd Gen) is still at the service centre. The service part is still unavailable after more than three weeks of "ESCALATION PROCESS". How is it that Motorola sells thousands of Moto G handsets in India BUT the service centers are given no support regarding any parts? 
Job No: AMSNOI001683 
Complaint Ref No: 150823-013357 
If I wanted a shabby after sales service I would have bought a local/cheap company phone. Even they don't have such long turnaround times. Won't buy a Motorola ever again nor would I recommend it to anyone else. 
Mediocre camera lens and pathetic after sales support/service. When you're selling such a hugely popular product, at least have the service centers well equipped to solve any issues with it! 
 If you have confused among the 3, then I suggest motog3 because, 
K3 note is having more processing power but I didn't feel any lag in moto g3 (thanks for the Motorola engineering) Moto g3 is water proof and OTG compactible. 
Mi4i is best known for its heating problems. 
One thing you remember, Motorola never releases a phone without standard quality checking and testing, but not in the other brands. so you can assure that it works! 
 Overall great experience... 
Pros:
Camera Super...
Performance
Storage
Water resistant 
Cons:
Unremovable battery  
 This is my first mobile of Moto (I own an HTC 516 and my brother has a Moto E, and he has faced no problem with that till now. *Touchwood*). My first experience was good. The initial set up took some time but the function was smooth and not sluggish. Obviously I bought this for the features and my first check was the camera. Both the front and rear camera quality is great. I took a few snaps with the front camera with dimmed lighting and it came out nice. Overall think the phone stands up to whatever is said about it. 
Don't wanna repeat the specs and give a boring comment on that. But think in this price range Moto has really given a good phone with good features.  
And it seems all what I said is bouncing back on me and hitting me hard. 
The video playback is sluggish and when I contacted the Moto help thru their online facility, the person said that it will be recurring and I need to follow a list of steps to clear cache on the phone. Now if the problem is recurring, they why can't they service the mobile? Or give a replacement? 
Visited the Moto Service center. They said software needs to be updated. Put up my case to Flipkart and they have taken my mobile back and given a refund.  
Thank you Flipkart.  
Waiting to book another mobile but it seems to be out of stock at the moment (as on 14/9/15). 
P.S: This is my first review and it may seem blunt but I am not a techie guy and so I have said what I felt at heart. 
 First I had moto G 2014 already, I ordered this new one today and got same day delivery as flipkart first customer. As always great service from Flipkart. 
Now to the phone, it has better processor, better RAM 2 GB , pure Android, 13 MP very fast rear camera and water resistant features etc etc all this was known from specifications. 
I am writing about experience - first the looks - excellent impressive look, specially back. Feels light and just perfect size in holding. Screen is sharp although not full HD but does the job perfectly. 
So far the phone is smooth as butter and no lag or hanging. Pure Android is always great. And 2GB RAM seems to be good choice in choosing between the two versions. 
Camera is super fast so far, and the twisting gesture to open camera and same feature to switch between front and back camera is very useful. Picture qualit is superb. Must be best in sub 20k phones.
Other such smart features are chop chop to start torch, smart lock , trusted places, devices etc. 
One of the best features is moto display for smart, battery saving notifications. Very useful indeed.
4G is working just fine so far. Battery in half day continuous use has gone down 50%, too early comment about how will it fare after few months and regular use. 
Call quality is superb and audio quality seems to be improved over last version. Inbuilt audio effects is great addition.
I have not tested water resistance but its certified so I hope it works.
So far so good, infect very good. 
Overall I would say in 13k its best phone as of today, dont go by just specifications comparison, one may find same specs in sub 10k too. But experience is worth it with moto brand. .I am satisfied, worth the wait of last 2 months.   
 After a long gap I have purchased motorola phone. For 3 years i have been using samsung phones. And to be frank samsung phones suck. They are slow, hang up and heat up despite claiming good specs. I had grand 2 before motorola g3 and from day one I had heating issues, poor battery back up and despite 1.5 gb ram, grand 2 was slow. 
But when i compare the new motorola phone, oh boy, it is fast and responsive. 
Pros:
1. Touch is very responsive and fast
2. Absolutely no lag (13 apps loaded so far). Samsung Grand 2 used to hang up. 
3. No heating issues. (Samsung grand 2 used to get heated up like an oven)
4. Battery seems to last for good 10 hours with mobile data or wifi on 
5. Phone feels light in hand/pocket and the ergonomics is great. 
6. The back panel looks premium and gives a nice grip in hand
7. 4g connectivity is great
8. Call sound quality is crisp and clear
9. Camera is super fast (samsung camera is like a snail)
10. Water resistant feature is great though i haven't yet tested. 
11. Jet black screen oozes beauty 
Cons:
1. Non-removable battery
2. I found UI of samsung more friendly but this is not really a con and may be i am not used to motorola UI   
 With lot of faith and waiting several days purchased Moto G3 two days ago.
Heating or radiation issue noticed even after talking minimum 10 mints on the phone.
I am very disappointed with heating issue. Contacted customer, they informed me to contact Flipkart for replacement as it has 30 days warranty. Replacing phone could be a workaround solution. But Motorola should consider this issue with permanent solution. 
 The best is 1. camera 2. Battery 3. Faster 4. screen 5.Design.
While playing some game(angry bird 2,asphalt 8) while i ' m swiping down the status bar it is not working .sometimes the touch is not working while playing the game. Plz provide some upgrade to solve the issue. 
 Thanks for the delivery flipkart.   
About the phone its light weight and packed with power.   
Design: Its the same as Moto G2, nothing much new apart from back metallic strip with Moto logo. I expected a much new look.   
Display: It has HD display 720 x 1280 pixels (~294 ppi pixel density) with gorilla glass 3 and the touch response is good. The viewing angles are excellent which makes better to watch movies and videos. The brightness is better compared to Moto G2. Over all the display is good.   
Camera: It has a 13 MP primary camera and 5 MP front camera. The primary camera has much better options than the predecessor and a better clarity. The front camera is not up to the mark.   
CPU: Have already loaded 20 application and the phone runs as smooth as butter. I did not conduct any tests on this yet but the way I played FIFA 15 on this phone was just awesome, though the phone was got hot after few minutes which is common in all the phones.   
Battery: As I am posting this review much early so did not get to test the battery. I used it for an hour with playing games on it the battery got drained from 42% to 34%.   
Memory: It has 16GB internal memory and 11.92GB is available for use. It has 2GB RAM and 1GB is free after loading many apps.   
Overall the phone is just awesome and the best part is it comes with water resistance and 4G LTE with free 4G airtel sim. This is the best phone under 13K budget. 
 Must really appreciate Flipkart for same day delivery service (on launch day)! 
Being a Moto fan, have already used Moto G (1st & 2nd Gen) and Moto E, I must say, at my budget these were the best phones I had used till then. I was eagerly waiting for next Generation. It was worth waiting. As I just received the handset I am not able to give a detailed review but wanted to share my initial experience
Unique features:
 Water resistance at this price point.
 Moto Display, Assist, Migrate, Alert apps from Motorola.
Experience:
 Account setup and transfer of data was completely done in just half an hour, thanks to Moto Migrate and other features.
 Camera and battery performance are very good.
 Particularly liked the overall stability and experience that the smartphone offers, infact across generations, which is missing in other pears.
 Airtel 4G ready SIM along with this new handset can be used to swap to the micro SIM and start experiencing the handset immediately.
 Finally, a long lasting handset with very good hardware and its complimenting softwares. 
 Flipkart to sell the MOTO G3 mobiles they r offering 6 offers but which is not true....
False statement given by flipkart 
 I bought the New Moto G3 on 31st July. It is giving problem on speaker from the first day i received, earlier I thought this might be my illusion but now I see the phone is not even ringing. 
 Pre-booked the moto g3 ... got delivered by Flipkart in 10 days.. 
The phone is awesome except that certain times, the sound quality suddenly dips. There is a lot of crackling noise and disturbance. 
Flipkart is refusing to replace the phone ! On top of it, each time they take my request, some technician calls up, asks me download a software patch from a link, then do a Factory Reset and Hard Reset and S/w update. It is a hardware problem & they are giving me software solutions !! 
Expected better replacement process from Flipkart.. my first online purchase and this is the experience that i get ...  
Back to the phone, except for the sound issue the phone is wonderful. Stock Android OS is butter smooth to use, the screen is brilliant and the back cover looks amazingly premium. 
Battery lasts me more than a day with average use.. camera is great and no lag experienced in using apps so far 
 I had ordered a Moto G 3rd generation mobile on exchange offer ( Moto G 1 st gen exchange) , till my product has not been delivered. Two times i got message that product is cancelled by Seller and two times i got message that it will be delivered. I dont understand why this is happening, i want my Moto-G 3rd generation to be delivered at the earliest. Hope best Service is to be provided by Flipkart, the product delivery date was 3 August . 
Now the Status is showing the Order is cancelled and it is showing refund of amount will be done. 
Sorry to say, in the offer of exchange i purchased the mobile which offer is not right now available at Flipkart so Flipkart said it is technically not possible to delivere the product  
 One cant cancel the Order when the flipkart has delivered 30 Orders on same address.  
HOPE FOR FLIPKART CUSTOMER MATTERS TO YOU   
 I bought moto g 1st gen on first day of its release (Feb6th 2013) and moto g3 also i bought on first day itself. 
These days you will get octa core processors, 2gb RAm, and 13 mp cameras in phones below 10k range also. Those phones on paper are better than moto g3. But none of those phones even come close to performance and reliability of moto g. My moto g1 is still working as fast as day 1.  
Motorola delivers on fronts which really matters. No bells and whistles, pure performance. If you want a iPhone like phone in android at low cost moto is the go to phone.  
Dont even think twice to buy this!! Amazing phone at affordable price!! 
 I bought a phone and has not even been a month and it is giving me problem in swiping the phone to unlock. So kindly exchange it before it gets more older. 
Regards,
Nitisha pradhan 
 The phone is not detecting the SIM cards even if we insert in the SIM Cards. The problem is there in both the SIM Slots. I have given a visit to Motorola Service Centre in Pune and they have affirmed that this issue is due to defect in Hardware. Also, they themselves have advised me to request for a replacement product (Mobile) in exchange of this defective piece delivered to me. Please look into the issue urgently and give me a replacement mobile instead of this defective piece delivered to me. This issue happened within days of it being delivered. 
 I am sharing my personal experience with Moto G3,. 
Flipkart Delivery: 
I brought Moto G3 from Flipkart, that too with lots of difficulty and struggle. Everyday mobile was out for delivery but not reached me at all. After almost a week with the help of nearest ekart service. This time felt very bad about flipakart delivery service. Even though reporting and posting it several times to Flipkart customer service, I didn't get any response. That's made me feel great about Flipkart. 
Moto G3: 
From day one reported so many issues with New Moto G3,
1. Screen has Lots of horizontal and vertical line, we can see when its tilted to some angle when display is off. When asked customer care folks they said its Gorilla glass and its common, its not a problem.(CHecked with new Moto G3 Phone no lines at all).
2. Caller is not able to hear voice properly
3. Mobile gets heated up to 50 degrees when switched Mobile data 
But Moto customer care said, take it to nearest service centre. We don't have that much time to visit service centre.(I did mistake by not asking replacement.) 
After 40 days of use its went to switched of and was never able to switch it on again. I went to service center(B2X Koramangala) and given my phone. They said If it has software issue they will give within 2 days and if it has hardware issue then they will replace the part and said it may take 10 days.
Its been 36 days still i didn't get my phone. Service center contact number they have given its always Busy. I followed up with Moto Customer care, every time they kept on telling " you will receive updates within 48 hours ". Till now i didnt get any response from service center nor from Moto Customer Care.
Really frustrated with Moto Service and Phone. So I don't recommend this phone to my friends. ( Wrongly recommended to a friend and got scolding's for some other issues with phone.) 
So don't buy.  
 Hello Everyone,
One line for Flipkart before reviewing this Mobile. "Great Delivery!!! Great Service!!! Flipkart You Rocks ".
Now, 
If you are planning for this Masterpiece, please wait, Read this review carefully, then decide.
This is my 3rd motorola smartphone after moto G and moto E(2nd Gen). I am writing this review after using this mobile for almost one week. As you can see many reviewers has given good rating and very good comments on this mobile. I am also completely agree with them. The build quality, camera, performance, battery backup and others features are really great under 13K. 
Now a simple question to all the owner of this mobile before i comments on the problem. 
Friends, are you able to notice any disturbance with display screen(not with gorilla glass). If not then check once and give your valuable comments. 
Let me tell you in details. Guys there is a problem with the display. There are thick lines through out the screen from top to bottom. You can easily notice this by turning off the display, keep you mobile under light and observe from different viewing angles. If i am not wrong, you will feel like there is a curtain hanging over the display.  
So initially i thought there is a problem with this particular piece, so i placed a return request and i got a new piece today. While i was receiving the second one from ekart store, there were another 4-5 people who were unboxing their brand new Moto G3. Then i checked with them, and sadly we all noticed the same problem with all the handsets in presence of eKart guys. Today again i have logged a complain with flipkart customer care and waiting for tomorrow to have a discussion with their technical people. 
I am a big fan of Motorola because of its build quality, i have already used Moto G, Moto E (2nd Gen), but this time it disappointed me. So friends, if this problem is not disturbing for you then definitely go for Moto G3 
Hope this review will help you to evaluate this product. Thank You. 
 i have given return request but you people not responded this mobile is not good even camara is not good, even flip kart response towards customer very bad........ 
 Not happy with product as It got delivered with damaged film layer of top speaker . I don't if replaced phone will not have it or its bad built from the company . 
 MOTO G3, suddenly my touch stopped working and network signals got jammed showing me no service. 
i consulted MOTO G service center(had a worst experience secundrabad branch) and he removed my tempered glass and gave it back and said that we will contact you later( no scratch on screen is observed) he called me back saying that motherboard is damaged and it will not come under warranty. 
we expect a good quality from a MNC like MOTOROLLA
13000 for phone
300 for cover of phone and 
250 for a tempered glass.
are in sheer waste. 
contact me if u want more details about my experience with MOTO G3 
 I am not satisfied with Moto G(3rd Generation), after purchase this cellphone facing so much Problem, hanging problem , Battery Discharge with in 15-20 Minute & biggest Problem in this phone its heat too much that i can't touch.
 So Can't use this phone, I request you please refund my amount As Soon As Possible. 
 Moto G (3rd Gen) truly justifies the tagline which was the main highlight of the revolutionary product, the Moto G 1st Gen. The upgrades from the 1st gen may not seem to be worthy upgrades to some customers but what remains on paper, will remain on paper. You can't judge a book by its cover, right. What matters is the experience and Moto G truly lives up to the expectations of those who want a good device at a reasonable price. I am saying reasonable because of the performance, the specs and the build quality.
Coming to the phone, the best thing about it is the display which is very bright and vivid. People will complain about low PPI but they are unaware of the fact that the human eye's maximum recognizable resolution is 300 PPI. Apple isn't fool to stick to 321 PPI. The camera is good, especially the front camera. Speaker performance is decent but the sound output is amazing on a pair of good earphones, I tried it on Sony earphones. Everybody knows about stock android experience. It works seamlessly without any hiccups, thanks to the RAM management and the hardware :D 
The design of the phone may not be award winning but is very subtle and the phone feels to be very sturdy and because of the metallic finish, the patterned back cover and the strip behind, it doesn't look and feel like a 13k phone. Call quality is pretty good. I couldn't test the battery but it will hopefully last for 1-1.5 days considering the software package that comes along with the phone (no bloatware) which is accompanied by the efficient hardware. The in-box accessories now include a detachable USB cable (finally :P) and one can charge two phones simultaneously since the charger has two USB ports.....smart design :D
The icing on the cake is that the phone is now IP certified. Phone got dirty,something got spilled on it! Don't worry, just go and dip it in water and use it, like a boss :P It supports Moto maker too :D but I believe the customization will be slightly on the higher side of the price point 
Coming to the cons I couldn't find any in the phone. But Motorala should provide good in-box accessories, like the earphones which are just above average :( Other than this, Motorola Moto G leaves no stone unturned in any department you consider it, whether it is performance, build quality etc :D 
 I bought 2 mobile for amazing design and brand however its unfortunate that the product is having access heat and without uses the temp is going up to 45 Celsius and unable to make call requested flipkart to raise request to manufacturer to resolve the issue on priority 
Pros: 
1: Best design 
3: Super speed
4: Good battery backup
5: high configuration 
Cons:
1: Heating a lot
2: Camera quality with flash is bad as it capture yellow image
3: Poor Headphone quality 
 In about a week usage, I found that the phone is heating up, especially in or around camera & the below back panel, within 15-20 minutes of data usage or calls. The smart check app as authorized by Flipkart only checks the CPU internals, which any ways is zero during the call! I think, considering quite a few heating complaints of this device, Flipkart should probe it a bit further rather putting a faith in a app. which well. doesn't have even the authentication certificate to install itself without an warning pop-up. 
 Received the product on 24th Aug 2015, used extensively for 2 days and it performed well.
But when tested in water, its calling speaker stopped working. 
It is certified that it can withstand 3 ft water depth for 30 mins but the devise could not do so for 2 mins in 0.5 ft depth. 
Moto should not mention IPX7 certification if it cannot prove this. 
Very dissatisfied. 
Customer care was cooperative but could not solve the issue. 
Now it all depends on the Service center guys. 
I hope they resolve this issue fast and do not charge anything. 
As warranty period covers a hell lot than 3 days. 
But the extra hassle is a pain in the A*s. 
I hope they don't break my trust.! 
 Flipkart is doing amazing job by providing its customers the best handsets in the market. In the league of smartphones, where every other day a new company comes up with new features and attractive prices, I must tell you Moto series from Motorola has made its own league, which is way different from the other handset manufacturers. Moto G is not only a brand, but has also successfully created a trust factor which somewhere was missing in the rush of overflowing smartphones in the market. 
I was initially using Moto G 1st generation, which ofcourse was a big hit from Motorola launched last year. I was completely satisfied with Moto G 1st Gen last year, which I used without a single problem till date. Now I felt the need to upgrade myself to a higher RAM and better camera. Truly speaking, Moto G 2nd Gen never impressed me, and that's the reason I decided to wait a little more. Guys, trust me on this, my wait was worth it. Moto G 3rd Gen is a superb power pack smartphone with an all round performance in each segment. Moreover, the price in which it comes is an added advantage which is just Rs. 12,999/- Two things which I didn't like are firstly they have removed the Pulse LED notification light and secondly the wire of the USB cable is too short. I miss the notification pulse light, as it was in my previous Moto G 1st Gen.  
Specifications and technical details I wont discuss here in my review, as its already mentioned everywhere. I liked the screen, the touch, the glaze and the finish of the handset, smoothly designed edges, the compactness and the standard feeling when you hold the device in your hand. The back cover makes the phone grip handy, comfortable and easy to use. Camera is just too good, front as well as the main. Battery seems to be working well in 3G connection. The user interface is so awesome, android Lollypop is fast and efficient. Altogether, the handset works like a wonder. My personal suggestion to all the new buyers, if you have a budget somewhere around 10k-18k, then don't hesitate to buy Moto G 3rd Gen. I am dead sure, you all will thank me later for this advice. Last but not the least, thumbs up for the Flipkart delivery, as I ordered my Moto G3 on its launch day and I received it within 2 days. 
 Just opened the box:
Love:
1. The back panel and side rim feels good to hold.
2. Open the back panel and you will love the build quality and the way it is packed.
3. The Charger provided has two USB ports. Now this came as surprise. 
Hate:
1. Yet again pathetic earphones. Better they reduce some bucks instead of giving such waste earphones.
2. Volume and Power button is a bit clumsy. 
 Superb build quality, nice design, both cameras do good job, Android 5.1.1, Light weight, Sleek design, 5" HD display (my preference 5"), decent battery, IPX7, Dual SIM and so on...
There are some other phones available in market within same price range, but I will definitely recommend it. 
 1. Using camera for more than 5 min phone gets heating like a iron box.
2. Using dual sim Signal getting last abruptly any time.  
 My review is completely based on usability. 
Multitasking is very fluent with all basic social networking running backend. 
Screen clarity is good with 300 ppi approx. for a 5 inch mobile..
Stock android L experience is great.
Both front and rear camera captures good snaps. Specially brightness/saturation is added appropriately to the pics taken from selfie cam. 
Call clarity at both end is very good.
Water resistance is added advantage.
Built quality is very sturdy . Feels mobile is much secured and good while holding it in hands due to its back grip cover. 
Graphics and quadCore performance is nice, I have played Asphalt 8 and mortal kombat and it runs fluently.
Battery backup is very good, it almost gives a whole day backup with wifi/3G on and normal usage.
Bottom line it has improved too much interms of performance as compare to moto G-2014 which I had earlier due to its 2GB RAM and processor/GPU 
Cons:
Mobile stays little warm all the time compared to other mobile. I am not sure if this isuue is common or specific to my mobile. Waiting for other reviews  
 Good Phone but I am facing heating issue when making video. In any one else facing same issue ? It got heated at temperature 44 in making video for 7-10 min .Is it normal for moto G 3 Gen 
 I mean every one has already given so much reviews and comments about this phone being The best... with its specs... all the points are already covered and the verdict is pretty clear. If any one looking to buy this product and reading reviews.. trust me.. i have read enough reviews and made enough research before buying this phone... what i have learnt.. is.. 
1) There are many products of 2GB RAM and 13 MP camera and 16GB storage...
But how many of them are really reliable ( for long term use ) 
2) There are many products with gorilla glass and glossy displays...
But how many of them gives a premium look... ( Built Quality and holding ) 
3) There are many products offering great UI's with fancy features... 
But how many of them gives you a pure android experience... and having future updates. 
4) There are many products and phone making companies who makes good budget phones... 
but there are some companies who make great phones which are worth spending that 1000 bucks more.... 
All in all Do not buy this phone if you want just a phone .....  
Buy it if you want an experience.... which last longer.. 
 I got the product with in less than 12hrs.
I like the Design and Camera.
Its pure Android v5.1.1 (Lollipop) OS, Such a smooth and Fast OS.
Frame is Fiber but not metal. 
Except all good. 
Thank you Flipkart and MOTO. 
My next review after one month of usage of this product. 
 even using the phone for 30 sec it heat so much that it is even impossible to even hold and temp rises from 36degree to 42 degree in 5 sec and goes upto 46degree c which comes in the red zone even the app are telling the phone is having a heating problem...
all the feature are awesome but this problem ruined the whole experience ..
Ordered for a replacement see what happens next 
 it will be heated while using video and games both touch panel and back side.
i have raised return request and it was rejected by flipkart. they have tested using smart check application in the call conversation with flipkart executive. i am totally disappointed with this device. :( 
 I have updated my experience after 5 days of usage at the bottom.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I have been using an Xperia (high end) and shifted to Moto G3. I am a moderate intensity user with majority usage in communication apps. No major gaming usage. As soon as Moto G3 was released, I realized the specifications are perfect for me. Also, it is very important to judge overall stability of the product rather than just specifications. If high spec hardware is not tuned properly, then desired usage experience can not be achieved. Considering previous Moto G model performances, I decided to buy this, even if similar or better specs are available in the market at lower price.  
Experience:
1. Size, Build: 5 inch screen is perfect for me and there are not many options available in the market. The phone is handy, with good build quality. Back cover finishing is nice and gives grip. Though the back lid is not fitted with finesse and also, plastic film in the top speaker lacks fine finishing. But acceptable for this price range. 
2. Resolution: I am happy with 720p. Having full HD just for sake of it at the cost of battery does not make sense. Display is clear and vibrant. No complaints. Touch performance is smooth, does not miss any touches. 
3. Performance: Did not have any lags in any activity. However, I am yet to put pressure on phone. 2 GB RAM supports the phone adequately. Somebody is comparing this phone with Moto E just based on processor, and it is hilarious. 
4. Battery: I charged it full yesterday, used it for 1:30 hrs non-stop. Woke up today morning and used it moderately for 6 hours and it is showing 52%. Good battery performance.
5. Camera: It is better than previous Moto G versions. It is better than many peers in the market. But it is not something which will blow your mind. Front camera is decent too.
6. Audio: Call quality is good. Music sound quality in speakers is loud enough and clear. 
7. Accessories: Charger comes with dual USB ports. But takes some time to charge. Headphone are ordinary.  
I miss the LED notification indicator  
There are some jazzy things like flick-wrist for camera and karate-chop for torch. They work fine. Only if you want to show-off something different. The sleeping screen notifications are overenthusiastic. :) They wake up even when you are walking or driving.  
Overall, it is a good buy. I would give it 4.5. 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Update after 5 days of usage: 
- I have installed number of apps. No lag at all. Touch sensitivity remains butter smooth. 
- Battery life is good. I have kept my phone at high brightness level, all syncs are on, either wifi or 3G is connected. It lasts around a day.  
- Initially my voice calling services on communication apps were not working (whatsapp, viber). I saw somebody else also facing the problem and gave bad rating. Just restart your phone once after you do initial setup. Everything works fine. 
- Camera, as I said earlier, is not great. Low light pictures are slightly grainy. Daylight pictures are good. While clicking pics on front cam (the transition time of a second when your picture is previewed) the screen turns sepia. Not sure if thats an intentional effect, but it does not look very good. The camera performs better with third party apps.  
- The dropdown tools enable me to cast my phone on chromecast immediately and casting is perfect. My chromecast is more useful now. :) 
 Ordered the item on 28th midnight at around 12.30. Next day before reaching to office phone was delivered.
Thanks flipkart for the super-fast delivery. 
User experience is simply awesome..!
Butter smooth touch screen
Battery capacity has been increased..
Lollipop out of the box.
OK google support from any screen 
No doubt this the best phone available in this range. 
 First of all, super fast delivery! I ordered the phone at around 1130am and was unboxing it by 4pm on the same day! 
Secondly, I exchanged my old Moto G1 for this Phone, so got a great discount too. 
It is a great phone for it's price range and that is what made me hang on to my Moto G1 until now, when I found I the right upgrade.  
As of now, I got a chance to test the camera and the pictures have come out great both in low light and during the day. The flash upgrade has helped. 
The phone is fast and apps do not have any lag. I used to face a lag for certain large games on he G1 but don't seem to face any of that on this phone yet. 
Would recommend this phone to anyone any day.  
My only concern is that flipkart could have taken the old phone after a day (as they charge you for pickup anyway) as it would have given a chance to try out moto migrate between the two phones.  
 i had samsung and asus 501cg but above all i purchased motog 3 gen 16 gb , but very unhappy from the phone as net is poor , hanging problem is there , no user friendly . not interested to keep this phone .... lets wait for the flipcart team to revert . purchased 5 days ago . 
 i bought moto g3 but i found that quality is not good compare to earliar version camera is capturing yellowish picture 
 I bought this phone on the date of release, i.e 29th July. 
First kudos to Flipkart delivery - received the next day itself at no extra charge!  
Now, the phone - it runs stock android 5.1.1, will be among the first phones to receive Android 6 Marshmallow. That is a huge plus point to buy this phone compared to its competitors in the market. 
It is butter smooth, and no lags absolutely. I have the 2GB RAM version. 
It is strongly built - can survive accidental drops. Great looker as well. :) 4G, dual sim etc works great. Camera is very good, although there is some blurry photos if you take photos at night. It is 13MP at day time, 8MP at night time :P Front camera is great.  
Moto Display is a very nice feature to have along with the gestures.. Innovative. 
But the biggest highlight I think will be the battery. It is great, generally get 2-3 days battery life from this phone.  
As for other reviewers stating some drawbacks - I wish to clarify them.. 
1. Vertical lines on screen when off - its a common feature on IPS LCD screens.. The glass is having RGB matrix. Google it, and view the images. This screen is of great quality, and of Gorilla Glass 3. I have confirmed that Moto G, Moto G2, Moto G3 has this - It is no problem!  
2. Overheats - maybe its the rogue app - such as facebook , or some apps restarting often. I have experienced no issues on this front. This is not a problem with the mobile, rather its a problem with how you use it! If you use the correct way, there would be no overheating.  
Will update review as my usage progresses further. Have recommended this mobile to many people and all are very satisfied.. Worth for your money. :) 
 hi...when i see my mobile through an angle i am able to see a pattern of vertical lines/Grid on the display, clearly visible in sunlight/outdoor lighting when you turn off screen display.
these are nothing but touch receptors underneath the LCD screen visible due to poor quality LCD/Tint.
Though it does not interfere in usage/functionality of phone.
As per Tech from Motorola support its normal behaviour and not manufacturing defect, but its something related to quality control during product manufacturing.
if this issue is OK with you, Moto G is a best product in this price range.
all other features are very good except display.
replacement is not gonna resolve this issue, its same with all Moto Handsets.  
 My MOTO G3 was delivered on 29.10.15 the issues that I am facing 
1. VERY VERY BAD PICTURE/VIDEO QUALITY BOTH FRONT AND REAR ABSOLUTE DISAPPOINTMENT. VERY HAZY GRAINY PIX-ELATION ON DOUBLE TAP ZOOM MY SAMSUNG GALAXY S+ 5MP (NO FLASH) DELIVERS BETTER RESOLUTION PICS WITH 100 TIMES BETTER CLARITY SHARPNESS. JUST DONT BUY THE DEVICE IF YOU ARE A AVID PHOTOGRAPHER. 
2. APPRECIABLE HEATING ISSUES ON MILD USAGE (PHONE CALLS, FB BROWSING) 
3. MOTO TWIST SENSORS DOES NOT WORK SMOOTHLY EVERY TIME. 
4. SCREEN TIME OUT DOES NOT WORK PROPERLY ( MY SCREEN TIME OUT SETTINGS WAS 30 SECS I AND MY FRIEND TESTED IT, THE TIME OUT DOES NOT WORK ALWAYS PROPERLY) 
I CONTACTED THE FLIPKART CALL CENTER FOR REQUESTING A CALL BACK,THEY INSTALLED SOME SMART CHECK APP ..IN THE END THEY REJECTED THE RETURN REQUEST. THEIR REPLIES 
1. CALL US BACK WHEN YOUR PHONE GETS HEATED NOW THE TEMPERATURE IS FINE...WTF DONT I HAVE ANY JOB FOR THE DAY THAT I HAVE TO BE ALERT WHEN IT GETS HOT AND CALL THEM...MARK U NEED A SECOND PHONE TO CALL THEM. 
2. CAMERA QUALITY SIR ITS FINE...AN INSULT AS IF I AM BLIND/CHEAT/FRAUD WHAT IS IT U GUYS ARE IMPLYING...OR MAY BE THEIR DEFINITION OF OKKE PIC IS WAY BELOW STANDARD....NEITHER THEY ARE GIVING ANY OPTION VIA WHICH I CAN SEND THE PICS I HAVE CLICKED AND WHOSE QUALITY IS BAD AS PER ME I HAVE TAKEN ENOUGH PICS IN THE LAST 3YRS I MAY NOT BE AN EXPERT ON PHOTOGRAPHY BUT I SERIOUSLY THINK I KNOW WHATS THE MEANING OF CLARITY IN A PICTURE...MOTO G2 GIVES BETTER PIC...OR FOR THAT MATTER ANY PHONE. 
I WOULD REQUEST EVERYONE NOT TO BUY MOTO G3 (IF YOU ARE NOT WILLING TO GAMBLE WITH YOUR HARD-EARNED MONEY) IF U GET A DEFECTIVE UNIT YOUR REPLACEMENT REQUEST WILL BE REJECTED BASED ON THEIR SMART CHECK. SORRY GUYS RIGHT NOW NOTHING FEELS GOOD ABOUT MOTO G3, EXCEPT THAT FLIPKART DELIVERED A DEFECTIVE UNIT EARLIER THAN EXPECTED DELIVERY DATE. 
 I had ordered it 15days before,..facing battery back up & heating problem..Battery last only for 3-4hrs without internet.. 
 1. Look & Design: 4/5
It is a well built phone. The front side looks similar to the previous gen Moto G but the back panel provides more grip and a metallic strip covers the camera and the moto logo. The white model has a silver finish over edges and it feel nice whereas the black one has a dull finish. It's not as handy as other 5 inch phones available in the market like mi4i because of the relatively thick bezels. Even though it feels comfortable in hand.
2. Display: 3.5/5
It's just 720p IPS LCD display making 294 ppi similar to the previous gen Moto G. Yes, its vertical lines of digitizer is visible in sunlight that might be irritating for users.. K3 note, mi4i, Yu Yureka Plus offeres 1080p panel in this price bracket. But this helps motorola to offer better battery backup. But Samsung J5 comes with a better energy efficient Super AMOLED 720p panel. Asus Zenfone 2 has better FHD video playback compared to Moto G3. But the screen does a good job with good viewing angles and remarkable sunlight visibility. In addition to the corning gorilla glass 3 protection and the oleophobic coating it comes with iPX7 cerified water resistance which is something you won't get in any other phones under 20k.
3. Performance: 4/5
The 1.4 GHz Snapdragon 410 chipset combined with 2GB DDR3 RAM works well in day to day usage without any visible lag.
Zenfone 2 does easily heat up when you click more photos and surfing on internet for a long time. Moto G3 also heats upo when using 3G and video call sometimes upto 45 degrees.Phone dialer showed a little lag sometimes but everything else works very well. If you are a heavy gamer, it's not the phone for you. Zenfone 2 is certainly the winner there. Antutu Benchmark of the device is 24000 which is not that impressive nowadays. We expect a more powerful processor like Snapdragon 610 chipset in this segment but the user experience is what matters.
4. OS/ User Interface: 5/5
Here it beats any other devices available in the market. It gives you a pure android experience without any bloatwares..
Remember other 2GB phones in the market like Zenfone2 running on its Zen UI, K3 note with its Vibe UI are filled with bloatwares and a little RAM will be free at any time.
After installing 20 apps Moto G3 showed 900 MB free RAM !!
RAM management is just awesome. What I miss in Moto G3 is the quick Mobile data enabling button. 
5. Camera: 4.5/5
In very good lighting conditions camera clicks sharp photos with good details. But in medium to poor lighting conditions, camera takes average photos without flash. Dual tone flash helps to compensate for the lighting conditions but seems to be over saturated sometimes. It's far far better than lenovo A6000 plus, P70.
My Zenfone 2 had good focusing capabilties and FHD video recording.
But Quick Camera App is very fast compared to any other phones in the segment.
Front camera also takes good photos.
6. Battery: 4.5/5
With 2450 mAh battery it lasts a full day with medium to heavy usage.
I am getting around 5 hrs of screen on time with wifi ON. It takes around 2 hrs 15 mins for complete charging which is good. Even It doesn't heat up during charging which is good. Zenfone 2 with 3000 mAh battery struggles to last a day in real life. 
7. Features: 5/5
Quick camera and torch gestures work very well.
What I like the most is Moto display with customized notifications without switching on the screen. It saves battery. 
Cons:
Visible digitizer
Heating 
 Overall, this is a great buy @13 k. If you are just looking at the specification list, it may sound weird. But in real life user experience you will say its very good.
Thanks MOTO ....Thanks Flipkart!   
 I was initially thinking to buy other phone, but when i heard about upcoming Moto G3 release, waited for launch and i am so much happy that it really worth waiting this phone.
The phone is just awesome:- 
1) Camera both front and back are really good in taking pictures.
2) Sound Quality is superb.
3) No boltware apps, simple smoot UI.
4) More than 1 GB of Ram available, so no lags even while multitasking and gaming.
5) Good design and grip for holding phone in your hands, superb call quality.
6) Both sim supports 4G. 
No cons till now and thanks flipkart for faster and well packed delivery.
Just suggest everyone to go for this phone, as it is next level of perfection to moto generation. 
 I am very much disappointed with the performance of Moto g3. I ordered this phone on 2nd August, 2015 and it was delivered to me on Aug 10th, 2015. Within 3 days of usage, the very purpose to have phone is defeated as I am not able to listen other person on the phone due to interference noise, signal drop, voice clarity issues. I am not sure this is one of the defective set which was delivered to me. I have used this device in different places but experience of connectivity issue was almost similar irrespective of location.
1. Signal drop suddenly in this device while my other phone works perfectly in the same environment
2. Signal interference almost in every call, I observed
I have raised a return request for the device and i was informed about some troubleshooting issues. I have completed all troubleshooting steps without any improvement.  
Fraudulent Business practice by flipkart:
Flipkart was offering slew of offers for Moto G3 if any one buy before August 2nd. I have not received most of the offer except Wynk music subscription. There was one offer for 500 rs saving for fashion products if you use Moto g3 and flipkart app to buy product more than Rs.1000. I was interested to avail this offer and I followed all procedures as mentioned but not able to get discount. Then, I have called customer care multiple times then they send me a mail, the mail having a link for offered products as mentioned in the mail. However, I added products more than 1000 rs to avail discount but I was not able to do it. Then, I called again flipkart customer care. Customer executive told me the link provided via email contains discounted items. Someone from flipkart again called me in evening then explain the same to me. However, I didnt find any merit in their argument and I believe flipkart is having fraudulent business practice. I believe that no one care for Rs 500 discount in apparels if they are buying phone however, if you are doing business then you should follow business ethics also. 
Besides this, if I accept logic that 500 rs discount is added in flipkart fashion product using that specific link then item I am buying should show discount. Interesting thing is that if you will search same products in flipkart website without using weblink provided then there is no difference in prices. Flipkart offers are fluke and these guys are becoming champion for such kind of business ethics.
Thank you for such behavior with your customers. 
 Flipkart announced 6 offers while launching Moto G3, with that 3 offers are not applicable for Tamilnadu customers. We really don't understand concept behind this, we Tamilnadu consumers are also paying the same amount whatever others paying. It's really hurting us to do business with Flipkart. Hence, please review all the Terms and condition before buying any products from flipkart. Especially tamilnadu consumers dont buy any products from flipkart we have plenty of service providers outside of flipkart. About Moto G, i am impressed the features. 
 Just got my hands on the 16 GB / 2 GB version. Impressed with Flipkart's delivery. No issues with product. Happy that screen size hasn't changed from 2nd generation version. RAM, Processor and Camera upgrade makes it an unbeatable product for the price it is offered. The new well designed back cover makes it easy to hold and gives a much more premium finish to the phone. Nothing to complain about this product except for its slightly disappointing lack of full HD display. 
 I have got the phone on Aug 1st. 
Back panel is not properly fit and I found there is huge gap near to back panel . 
The closing part near to camera area is not properly fit . Due that water may enter in and it give a unfinished product.There is not proper filter for the phone for speakers . Because of it dust may enter in speaker portion. 
Not worthy comparing to Moto G2 apart from camera . Customer who is taking the phone think and take it.
Single speaker only work . In Moto G 2 both speaker will work. Not valuable for this much amount. 
 Pros: 
The Moto G3 is an awesome phone. It fits just right in ones palm and also in the trouser pocket.  
Cons:  
1. I got a brand new white MotoG3 about 3 weeks ago. Everything was fine but only for 4 days. On the 5th day, sometime in the afternoon, suddenly there was no network on the phone and I could not make an urgent call. After rebooting the 3 times it worked and I got a dozen text messages notifying me about the missed calls. I thought it was a SIM problem initially and it happened again on the second day and this time the network wouldn't come back even after 4 hours. It happened the third day too. I took out the SIM to see if it was fine and it was working just fine in my old phone and another phone too. 
From the past 2 days, the network seems connected but people are unable to reach my number and the IVR notifies them that my number is out of coverage area / not reachable and then I get texts that the conatcts have tried reaching me and it is a missed call.  
2. The Music Player is even stranger!! I was listening to my favourite songs and suddenly the song paused, the phone was locked and there is no way I could have paused it. It paused automatically for about 15 seconds and then took off from there. I shut the phone down and powered it back ON after 15 minutes, thinking it will fix the issue. After listening to another 4-5 songs another song got stuck in the exact same way yet again. The Video Player does not play videos if you are sharing that particular video or uploading it on Whatsapp/Backup, etc.,  
I regret taking the phone now and I should have stuck to my decision of taking a Samsung A7 or a Samsung A8. At least they don't have such fundamental problems. Apart from hanging once in a month or so, Samsung phones work just fine.  
I may be faced with a dire emergency and I will desperately have to call someone and what if my phone does not have network - I am F***ed.  
I have sought replacement for this phone ; I sincerely hope the new one works fine !!! :( 
 not even 10 days since i started using the phone and the phone would reboot for no reason
the playstore is deleted and i cant view anything related to google now.
didnt expect this from motorola. messenger would not open from task manger sometimes. 
 This Phone Battery Time is Very Tiny and Handset is quicky warming at gaming and phone was hand when used internet 
 Hello friends this is my first time to write a review on Flipkart. First time I bought Moto g3 before this I used HTC 526G . Moto G 3 is good phone in configuration - 
- No lagging and no heating issue on 2 days use. 
- Battery backup is normal but not bad. 
- Camera is also good both front and back and work fine also low light with flash (Many person gives on their review camera is not good but its average) 
- The phoen will water resistant only when the back panel is fully fitted otherwise it may harm for device.(Dont try to dip phone inside water) 
- As the device screen is Gorilla Glass so it is scratch proof and you can try to scratch on your phone fearless. 
- The main thing is missing in this phone is file manager and Music Player. Manually download file manager from Play Store. For music player you can choose preinstalled Google Play Music but I dont like it. So I downloaded the Rocket Player.
- There is no any option to enable Mobile data directly on the top scroll  
- Phone sound is good and loudy because of its speaker position in front 
- Earphone- Just through it (Useless no bass)  
Other Features
- Double Shake to open flash light as torch 
- Double twist to open camera 
- You can charge 2 mobile with its charger on a single time with 2 USB cables. 
These missing features I cut one star. And my advice to my co-buyers is,"Yes you can buy this phone as its price is good with these features. Don't go for Lenovo K3 Note as I found that K3 Note has heating issue and high SAR Value. There is no information on internet for Moto G 3 SAR Value. Read anywhere in Internet that the SAR value is 0.905W/kg head and 1.069 W/kg body. 
 The screen is hardly gorilla glass. The phone slipped out of my hand.. fell and the screen just got shattered.. quite literally with small splinters of glass actually jutting out. As if the screen was a cheap piece of glass.  
And now i am stuck with this phone as no Motorola service center in the whole of Delhi NCR has a screen to replace. Everybody is just saying - leave the phone with us and we will give it back whenever we get the screen from the company. I don't know what to do now. Buy a new phone or try and work with a absolutely broken screen.  
An indication of the price about the screen is about 6K which is about half the cost of the phone itself.  
So imagine the phone dropping and 50% of the phone is gone.  
Not cool at all.  
I just hope somebody does something about this. 
 after use of a few weeks i found
1) No H+ signal shown in 3g
2) It do not captures 4G signal as it do not has the option of only 4G tower selection at a region where other 4G enabled phone captures 4G signal and show 4G or LTE 
3)Average temperature is 43 which futhers goes to 47degree while using internet and videos
4)sometimes phone hangs while chat and calls 
not satisfied had lots of expectation i found moto G2 is worth buying than moto g3. 
 The item is totally defective . It doesn't work perfectly , Flipkart is a good site . We buy products often but this time the product is very displeasing. We are going to return it and we want assurance that the replaced product will be absolutely fine and perfect.We want a reply within 12 hours that you assure us that we will receive a fine and perfect item after we click the return button . 
 As i buy moto g (3rd generation) because of 13 mega pixcel camera but camera is not good.front camera is ok. 
 I have bought moto g 3rd generation, but its back central mallalic strip is not in-lined, which caused not fitting the back panel properly, the gap between strip and panel is uneven and is so much that it can be vulnerable to water easily, since the device is water resistance so the concerened area should be properly sealed. so I highly recommened other buyers to check whether thier devices have same issue or not. 
 Seems like WS retail holds all Damaged and returned product by customers to sell them on offers time. i had purchased moto g3(16 gb) on November 7th while Diwali offers were going on with 1k off. Got the product for price of 10798. was very happy. 
when i received it, OTG was not working . initiated replacement. customer care tried to fool me on the call by saying it doesn't support OTG and all. anyways i somehow explained and convinced that it does.
than when i got SECOND device. again OTG was not working. i was really feeling betrayed. again initiated replacement for 3rd time. 
when i got the replacement it was quite surprising!! WS retail sent me a used device, its battery was charged to 78%(it is always 50% when new)+OTG is not Working again.  
i didn't get any replacement after that. the told me that they are giving refund instead. its their flipkart return policy it seems 
NOTE: Same OTG cable and Pendrive i have tested on my friends Moto g3 device and it is working fine and smooth. i guess it is jus my bad luck or i madde mistake buying on offers. 
don't delete my review. let others know what WS retail does 
 Here's my take on the phone after using it for half a day
1. Battery life is gr8. Drained 3% for 22 mins of display usage. Takes 2.5 hrs for a full charge
2. HD display and overall performance of the phone is very smooth
3. I get 1.1G free ram with whatsapp, yahoo, avg, etc running 
4. Though the phone is a bit thick as per the specs, it doesn't feel so n is really nice to hold
5. Browsing is really fast on wifi
6. Camera quality is good. I haven't used it in all conditions though
7. You'll find phones with better specs at this price but for vfm this has to be the best
Needless to mention flipkart service. I wasn't allowed 1 day delivery but still got tye phone the day after I ordered it. 
You can find the most in depth review at on laptopmedia.comhttp://laptopmedia.com/smartphone-review/motorola-moto-g-3rd-gen-2015-review-the-new-flagship-in-the-mid-range.. google it. I wasn't sure if I could post a link 
 extreme heating phone 44 degree Celsius 
cant put it in pocket bcz of heat 
dnt wast money  
camera is okey(6/10)  
 Configuration and Features are plenty enough. Look and feel is superb. Camera quality is perfect. Still not sure about the battery backup. Got the headset and charger with the set.
Very easy to pull complete data, contacts, messages and everything from your old phone by connecting through a Moto app. 
 After using it for over 4 months, here is my review (in very simple words, without using Jargons). I won't write generic review but only that matters most.  
1) Camera - Everything is good except Autofocus on widescreen option (16:9 - 9.7 MP). Solution is to keep aspect ratio as standard (4:3 - 16 MP).
Distant photo is good. Selfie mode is also good. Friends, Slow try slow motion video. Amazing feature I must say. Camera in low-light doesn't give u good picture. So, be aware of it. 
2) Heating - Friends, I returned Moto G3 for replacement in 3 weeks because I was experiencing heating issue so much that it was uncomfortable to hold in my hand. After following flipkart procedures, I got brand new Moto G3. It also had the same issue initially. You will find heating issue on the screen more than back cover side. Device temperature many times has exceeded 45 Degree Celsius (at 2 occasions, it has also crossed 54 Degree). Motorola should give some software update to resolve this issue. 
3) Headphone - Moto G3 Earphone that you will find alongwith this phone is very ordinary one. You won't be able to use on crowded/noisy place for making/receiving calls, listening Radio/music.  
4) Battery - It long last only for a day when you don't use it heavily. Sometimes, you may need to charge twice in a day. Motorola should have provided at least 3500 MAH battery. 
5) Mobile Data on/off - There is no short-cut for turning on/off mobile internet in notification bar as we had in previous versions of Android.  
6) No file manager app - You need to download third party app such as ES explorer, etc.  
7) Transfer to/from laptop or other device - It was very slow from my experience even from phone to SD card when we use USB mode in laptop (but very fast when we use file manager app of phone).  
8) You may need to download third party app for contact management (duplicate contacts, etc), Compass, good music player app, etc.  
9) Web-view - Sometimes, you might not be able to load particular website (either its chrome issue or particular website issue) 
After reading Cons, please go through Pros:  
1) "Ok Google" feature - Its amazing feature from Google. You need to say "OK Google" from home screen (or any screen provided you make proper setting), based in your voice command, it will make a call from your contacts, write a messge, fix an appointment or meeting, make reminder, play songs, videos from youtube, Navigate you from one place to other, etc.  
2) Activate "Google Now" cards - It gives info about your credit card dues, shopping order delivery status, birthday reminders and other info based on your interest.  
3) Updated softwares - You get Android 5.1.1 Lollipop version (which is latest version) and you will get Android 6.0 Marshmallow update soon in 4-5 months.  
4) Camera - Rear camera of 13 MP is Okay and front camera of 5MP does its great job.  
5) Performance - No lag. 2 GB RAM is sufficient for moderate use.  
6) Gorilla Glass 3 - Very good. You won't find any scratches. No need to apply screenguard.  
7) Build and Look - Looks great in hand. Feels like we are owning any higher version of Flagship phone.  
8) Budget - Budget phone under 13K (I got at 10% discount using Citibank card).  
9) Flipkart and Moto support - Excellent.  
10) Display - Even though its not full HD, but you won't feel much difference.  
11) FM - Good app. After update, recording option is available.  
12) Moto Apps - Moto Migrate is best app (you need to download to your old phone to migrate/transfer contacts, sms, calendar info, etc). Moto Action reacts to your hand movements for activating camera or Torch.  
13) Maps/navigation - GPS is able to lock location accurately (this is the plus point when comparing with my old micromax Canvas HD phone which lacked this) and very convenient when we visit new place for navigation. I recommend to use Google functions/service fully.  
14) Speaker - Loudness is sufficient and clear.  
15) Most importantly, no bloatware (Except for Flipkart App, there are no third party apps) so that we get maximum internal storage and good amount of available RAM.  
Verdict -  
In this price range, its good phone (ignoring little heating issue, no full HD). No need to look at other option. I would rate 4.5 stars. 
I will update you further based on further findings, if any.  
Thanks for reading. 
Edit: I am using over 4 months now. Heating problem is not frequent now. Only when brightness is high and we use it, then only it heats (except setting up phone for first time or heavy downloads). Moto G3 has given some update a month ago. Now, Camera has little bit improved (auto focus).
No regret in buying this phone. 
 Hi All,
I' am writing this review after usage of moto g3 5-6 days....
DO NOT MISS 9th and 10th points at the end 
1) Built quality is just amazing, you can hold this device in phone hand (feels just like iPhone 5) (4/5) 
2) Finishing, and back panel are awesome.(3.5/5) 
3) Call quality is amazing (4/5) 
4) Sound quality is good (4/5) 
5) Display is good (4/5) 
6) Gaming experience on this device was okay (3/5) 
7) Software are good (3.5 /5) 
8)Camera quality is okay (3/5)  
NOTE: 8.1) Rear camera is not up to the mark, as it is 13MP it doesn't feel like that,
pictures taken in indoor conditions are not that good. 
Even i compared this phone with xiaomi Mi 4i, where they also support 13MP rare camera
where picture quality is just amazing compared to this device 
 8.2) Front camera is average, again xiaomi wins race with this perspective. 
Most of you won't believe below mentioned points as moto g has created buzz in market and already well established with its brand name, but trust me this happened with me.... 
9) Phone has lot of heating issues 
Used phone just for 15 mins, played some lower end games like Temple run and other simple games ( "not HD games") this phone got heated like anything 
and the worst part is that temperature is higher on touch panel compared to back panel, where it supposed to be high. (1/5)  
I have done lot of research on these phone before buying this..
watched many review videos on youtube ( "GeekyRanjit- youtube channel)..
where all of them said that there is not heating issue this device.. so here buyers will go wrong...think before you buy it. 
10)Battery life 
This is the worst part with the phone, it not even last for half day in my case even i have not played any games.. just used for call purpose and battery was discharged to 50% in 2 hours  
I have used 5 android phone so far, this includes moto E as well where battery capacity was less compared to G3 series of motorola..
But believe me i have never seen any phone which has this kind worst battery backup. 
Overall my experience with this device was average, i would rate it 2.5 on a scale of 5
So it is your option to go for this device or not. 
Thanks for reading this review
Hope it helped you, and cleared your doubts about the device 
 Moto G3 Review
After using and searching long time I put this review. (Used motog3/mi4i/k3note/zenfone/yureka+)
The review will be too much lengthy but you will definitely help to choose the phone to buy.
There was problem in phone but after getting replacement I was getting the new pack piece.
Pros:
1. Best thing is RAM and management: If you want to use 2 GB of ram and heavy performance then definitely close ur eyes and purchase the MOTO G3.
2. Internal and expandable memory: good around 11 GB is free u can install much more apps u want too like heavy graphics game and expandable memory available hence you can store ur data. If u buy phone like mi4/4i the expandable option is not available even if the performance is good aftr installing the apps where u will store ur data I say its waste of ur money
3. RAM free Size: again its abt free ram size but if u compare this phone with other like mi4/4i Lenovo k3 note zenfone2( all ver) then android 5.1.1 will take around 450mb only rest of the ram will be free for apps installation. Aftr starting of the phone it will show 1.1/1.2gb of ram free. Also I install the games like BIA3 NFS Mortal Combat and Kombat Asfalt8 Candy Crush Criminal case temple run list etc still aftr refreshment of ram it is showing me 500-700mb free size this is the perfect management by the ram on android 5.1.1 stock os
4. Processor: abt processor its 1.36ghz quad core we can say somewhat decent one but to run the stock os and heavy apps n games it is good 
5. Heat management: now a days if u compare the phone like zenfone2 mi4/4i yureka+ k3note heating problem is freely available? but compare to above one moto g3 heat management is good
6. GUI and Updtaes: Its google phone so no need to chk abt Latest GUI and OS updtaes. (I am waiting for Android M 6.0) other fones we have to wait 5-6months or year to get the latest update. If you want good GUI and edit options go Zenfone any model its best in UI.
7. Charging: Dual port charger with fast charging available 
8. Waterproof: its biggest advantages in 13k u will get waterproof (chk IPX7). I am not tested for deep or long time in the water but on tap water or small tank I was put my fone for 5 min and still it is working fine no problem. Oleophobic coating will protect fone from water.
9. Lag: processor and Adreno 306, 400 MHz will support FHD games. Processer n graphics are not upto mark but I am using from last 1 month it does lag sometimes it is lag but not every time. I am playing games like asphalt8 BIA3 Mortal combat kombat nfs of FHD graphics mode but sometimes it will lag but not all the time.
10. 4 G available
11. Design: very good design from backside for grip (curve and strip on backside) front gorilla glass. Display is 5 hence very handy not like too big 5.5/6. Its fone not tab or fablet 
Cons:
1. Display: Poor display its not full HD other fones u will get FHD in the same price. Also it is 5 only not 5.5. 294 PPI is good for compromise in display then its ok I can play fhd vdo and it is good.
2. Heat problem: Like other fone it will heat somewhat but not too much like yureka+(frying pan?) 
3. Battery problem: though good management by stock os ram and heat management 2470 mAh is not enough. I use full charge with 24/7 wifi max 8-9hrs ( apps whatsapp fb twitter mail games vdo torrent skype etc)
4. Poor headphones: it is seems to 20Rs headphone also non editable equalizer in software.
5. Non movable apps: os is not allowing moving of apps to external drive like fb whatsapp it is always on internal memory. For heavy apps user like me 11gb is not sufficient ??
6. Camera: It is good but not like zenfone2 or mi4/4i
7. No notification light. ( moto ambient display feature) 
This is advantage or disadvantage of this fone I dont know but aftr 2-3 days new apps update is available on play store?. I suggest / I buy / I like this fone bcz of Ram management performance and latest android update (waiting for M6.0). I am not mentioned more abt Camera vdo recording and sound quality bcz it is not mandatory part if u want u can chk it on google or youtube. Before this I used Yureka+ (15days), K3note (7dyas), Zenfone2 (10days). Other than this in the same price u will get zenfone2 mi4i k3note yureka+
I am not fan of Samsung n also bcz of performance I am not suggesting u Samsung J5/7 or any model.
For performance/battery go with Mi4i, Display UI Zenfone, Overall MotoG3 
 first of-all thanks to flipkart delivering product before one day of delivering date what they have given.
Thumb up's:
-> stylish design
->good camera quality
->especially water resist
->audio quality good
->better processing speed
->battery back-up good
Thumb's down:
-> headphones quality poor, wearing those feels uncomfortable to ears (very painful).
->getting heated on mobile data usage.
->"play music" application is getting struck some times. 
 Phone is good as expected but the offers with phone were all fake which were used by Flipkart to sell the phone. I am amazed to see that even Flipkart with Motorola had to adopt to this fake advertisement to sell a branded phone like Motorola..Alas! 
 I have been using Motorola phones from way before the google intervention. I have used the DEFY for a good 2 years. Got the Moto G first gen last year, the moto x , Moto e 2nd gen and now the Moto G 3rd gen. I'm a big fan :-P
Well this G is a brilliant piece of tech. 13K for such hardware is a big VFM.
I wont go into ros n cons but will tell you this, if you want a budget phone with decent battery life and the capacity to work like a sportscar, look no further. 
Go for it.!!!! 
PS. 16GB variant is the one to go for. Sheel that extra 1K. Its worth it. 
 Every gen of e,g,x has brought a new revolution... but g3 is best till date..what u want in 13k ill just say u guys go for it...... 
 This is my very first Moto product which I have bought after my Sony Xperia. 
Thanks to Flipkart for faster delivery. I got it in 2 days after I placed the order.
It is more than worth for the cost you pay.
Display clarity is awesome!
Shortcuts and easy view notifications without unlock is excellent.
Camera quality is very good. Especially videos are sharp and stable.
Mobile panel design is great. Able to handle it so easily. I do not feel like I have a 5" display model. I could reach all corners of display with my thumb finger without any trouble.
Finally the user interface design with Android Lollipop is excellent. 
Only issue I faced is that there is a mild gap between centre strip (below camera) and the back panel. Replaced my first piece and got an another piece which also has the same issue. So I am worried if this is the actual design or its a quality issue. 
 these days we have so many options that one easily gets confused about which one to choose. same happened to me, and after a lot of brainstorming i chose to go with moto.
A friend made choice simple for me; he said "you can either opt bigger specs, or better performance...". And I chose performance. Every other phone with bigger specs had some issues with it, so moto g3 appeared best option.
rating it after 1 week of usage. 
*built quality: it appears great, ita matte finish gives it premium look. 5/5
*screen: 5' is perfect for me, its handy + scratch resistant + 294ppi is good. 5/5
*battery: this thing amazes me most in my phone. though i do not play any games but i continuously surf on wifi and 3g. in 6 days i have only charged it thrice- to 100%. its battery is awesome + power saving mode automatically kills power consuming apps once it power dips to 15%. 5/5
*speaker: front speaker; though its mono, but loud enough. 5/5
*software: now this one is tricky; however it comes with latest android 5.1 but this phone has vanilla android. Do not expect lots of customization options and settings here. this may disappoint u but i guess this is the beauty of this phone, original android experience. and for customization, u can always get apps from play store. 4/5
*UI: its gud. no bloatware except some google apps. touch is awesome. 4/5
*moto apps: assist, actions(gesture) and display...moto has finally migrated some of its flagship options to budget phones. moto migrate. 5/5
*camera: front 5mp is awesome. rear 13mp feels mediocre. rear cam is just fine. 3/5 
*****my verdict: best performer @ 13k***** 
 why it is best? 
1- waterproof for 3 feet for 30 minuts underwater.
2- 13mp with dual flash and 5 mp front. both are best. so real image!
3- 2 gb ram.
3- 16gb internal. usable 11 gb. best.
4- expandible 32 that makes it amazing.
5- rich look, handy.
6- brand MOTO
7- latest android 5.1.1.
8- speaker sound quality very good and loud.
9- display awesome.
10- most imp. it gives u very good feeling when you have it. 
 As a techie having installed Gingerbread, ICS, Jellybean, Ubuntu, Meego, Windows Phone 7, 8 on my antique 2010 year HTC HD2 with a single core snapdragon and 512mb RAM, i always knew that the stress on SPECIFICATIONs is overrated, Most people forget the very fact that most "spec killer" phones run secondary UI's and bloatware which lead to significant loss of processor and memory efficiency thereby undermining the specifications, (for this reason i searched for ways to remove miui, vibe ui, touchwiz, etc., before buying his phone, but could not find any). so my quest for a pure blood android phone ended with Moto G3, which is a Pure Blood Android (bare bones android / stock rom / bloatware free) phone. i would not only look at the specs but also the integration and resource management of the hardware and OS, and i must say that the Motorola Moto G3 team have found the Magic Mantra. I would sum up the performance of Moto G3 in one word "Fluid!" and im more than happy with it.  
The Phone experience is Awesome! 
 Hello everyone,
First of all I would like to say that I don't normally waste my time writing a review, in fact this is technically not a review but my honest opinion about the phone. I am going to refrain from praising flipkart (Oops!) in this, and I will simply write down my thoughts on the parameters which matter to me as follows (Pros or Cons you decide!):
1. The phone is a 5", which is a perfect fit for my pocket (Always hated my HTC 826 for its size among other things.)
2. The phone has a hardy and rugged look and I feel it is a good companion for my daily use. Gorilla glass and water proof coating is the icing on the cake.
3. I listen to a lot of music and read books/news and browse on my phone and often find my phone running out of juice easily. This phone despite having a 2470mAh battery, lasted my torments quite long and still it is at 55%. Now that's one adamant little thing.
4. I don't really miss the lack of notification LED, in fact it's better this way. I always found that flashing light annoying.Moto display is good enough for me.
5. Lack of bloatware and forced installed factory apps unlike Asus Zenfone, HTC (dammit ZOE!) makes it even more sexier. The phone's UI feels smooth and fast due to stock Android.
6. Last but not the least, I need at least one 4G connection for my data usage. The other one for calling. The purpose is served, so I am happy.
So those are my views based on my requirement. Hope someone will find it useful in making an informed decision.
Regards 
 First of all A quick review about the phone  
Pros:  
*) Placement of the loud speaker is on the front side of the phone. Which is a very positive point in terms of phone's design.
*) Phone looks decent. Quality of plastic used in the back cover is good.
*) No layer on the top of Android in the form of customized UI. One gets to use clean Android UI.  
Cons:  
*) POOR camera and picture quality.
*) POOR display. Much cheaper lenovo A6000 Plus and A7000 have better displays in terms of brightness, colors and PPI.
*) Gorilla glass is not really helpful. My phone just fell from 2 feet height and the glass broke into thousands of pieces. Also It was very scratch prone.  
Now coming to Motorola SERVICE, 
In my experience their service is really BELOW standard. Out of 35 days of having owned the phone, it has been lying on the desk of service station for more than 20 days now and still counting.  
Motorola says they don't have the part(new display) available and it will take more time. 
Phone is not at all robust, I have used Sony, samsung phones before and none of the phones were so delicate that mere falling from hand will break their displays into pieces.  
So if you can afford to keep your phone for weeks and months in the service station. GO AHEAD with a Motorola phone. Good luck!!  
Also on contacting flipkart to help in the matter, they simply said we cant do anything here.
Their job is to just get the product monopoly and SELL.  
EDIT: 
Just went through some of the other reviews and found I am not the only one who faced the issue. 
You may go through reviews of  
*) Pranav Dixit, 22 Aug 2015
*) NOOR BASHA, 20 Aug 2015
*) Kanthi Kiran Reddy 18 Aug 2015  
All of them are CERTIFIED BUYERS meaning they have purchased this product on Flipkart.  
Flipkart will still sell the phone as an exclusive product, they don't give a damn about how is the after sales service of the product.   
Heating problem(Heating Like Hell), camera quality is not good, some black line is reflecting on screen in sun light or light. 
 OK or Average Device Sadly with lots of missing essentials
File manager missing. Really! You have to download a separate app
No separate app for Audio/Music playback. You have to connect to google Play Music with your account
Bundled camera app doesn't have basic modes like portrait, macros, no focusing options, etc, better download another camera app
Low light photos as bad as any other phone in this range
Camera quality as bad or as good as 8 mp phones
Wifi is slow to connect but works ok once connected  
 camera not best 13mp . i use xolo q1010i thise phone camera 8mp but capture best image . moto camera 13mp not well 
 Heating problem, camera quality is not good, all pics are showing yellowlish, network problem. some black line is reflecting on screen in sun light or light. 
 Good in on time delivery by FlipKart. But Moto slips in trust, It is heating if you take 10 photos continuously itself.  
I have received the mobile today. Thanks to Flipkart for fast delivery than what usual time they promised. 
Pros: This device is good, smooth UI.  
Cons: 13 Mp camera in low light is not at all great. It gives good images in day light and Flash. Headphones are average. Back cover is difficult to remove. I haven't tested 4G and gaming. 
Most important one thing i don't like,... Flikart told 100% Cash back and win Moto 360 for 1Rupee for Lucky customers but in terms and conditions they told it is valid entire india except Tamilnadu. People has noticed it or not i don't know, but i feel this is so silly and irrational, because all are spending money to purchase mobile but why they mentioned such worst exception for Tamilnadu state. I feel bad about it and whether i' m a lucky customer or not, ..it's not a problem but their terms and conditions are so silly and annoying. So guys be careful and whoever buy mobile based on offers please read carefully terms and conditions. I have read before i purchased and emailed flipkart but there is no modification made by them. Samsung Galaxy J5 and J7 offers are good and very useful, but these Moto G 3rd generation offers are of no use for me because i' m from Tamilnadu State and i'm already using airtel 4G sim. 
I request Flipkart,. please try to change or modify their terms and conditions. Because of this reason I'm removing one star. Phone wise it is good and Flipkart services are also good. 
Thank you 
 Every thing is fine except Glass when it drop from 2 feet height total glass has gone two days back gave in service center they saying it costs 6000 i took this phone my friend now he is unsatisfied ( glass cost saying 6000) what is this ???????? 
No Guaranty For Glass ????????? then what for 1 year Guaranty !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Is there any alternative phone for him now
1 week back we went to service center they said no spare parts to this model WHAT TO DO NOW......................................10.09.15 
 Last week i have purchased.It was fell down from cupboard. The glass was broken like anything. It was very bad experience for me. The glass is not gorilla glass. 
 Don't get influenced by bad reviews here. If possible ask your friend about moto and you will know the rest yourself. Let's Start: 
Marshmallow (6.0.1) - By far most stable and fast. DOZE mode saves battery and data in background. If you are attracted towards Data Saving modes in other phones, you can simply install Opera Max which performs same function. 
Camera - Excellent in Daylight (Better than Galaxy S5), Below average in night and indoors. 
Gorilla Glass - Yes, it gets scratched. However they are noticeable a little bit only in Sunlight, NO EFFECT ON CLARITY of screen. 
Apps - Great, nothing's pre-installed, means no play games,etc. It means these unnecessary things won't eat up space. 
Calls - Microphone and Earpiece are one of the best, yes even better than Galaxy S6 or Lumia 730. You won't get this high quality anywhere in this budget. 
Build - It has a plastic back, which enhances it's grip. But, there's all metal beneath that cover making it really sturdy. 
moto g Turbo - That's a phone highly influenced by lenovo. I've tested both and there's no difference between this one's performance and the turbo one.Nice trick by lenovo to make us fool. Go for 3rd gen because :
1. It is an international model whereas turbo is only available in India and Mexico.
2. Snapdragon 615 in the turbo has heating issues, your battery will not last longer. 
Headphones - Motorola don't want us to cause damage to our ears. They simply send these rubbish, useless headphones. 
Verdict : Specs don't matter, overall user experience does. You may get Octa-core but highly stable OS and that user experience is difficult to find. My friend fines it the only company other than Apple which knows how to make phones. 
I restrain myself from giving 5 stars but Motorola, you snatched this from me. 
If you find my review helpful, give it a thumps up so it can help others too. 
 Phone is Good Don't go with any update 
If you faced any issue You are dead. Service center all over the India.
They will just give you the dates and not the solution.
Pathetic Service 
 I bought Moto G 3rd Gen on Sept 2015. Exactly after 31st day of my purchase, my phone's display started flickering. I contacted the Moto care service and repair and registered a complaint for display replacement. Since then, they have been postponing the repair citing several reasons. I'am frustrated because I've been unable to use my phone. I regret buying this phone...... 
 I used this phone almost 2 n half months, the phone is exceptionally great untill you drop it once. It has a so called "Gorilla" glass which cracks when dropped accidently from 2-3 ft.
What's even more worse? It cost around 6k for a new screen and the screen in not avialable in most of the service centers in delhi. To hell with motorola now :# 
 I have been using this phone for the last 3 weeks, and so far my experience with this phone is pretty good. 
- Smooth stock android experience.
- Decent Battery backup.
- Super cool design. A little thick though but that's all right.
- Water Resistance (with the IPX7-rating).
- Gorilla Glass 3.
- I personally like the additional features which are CHOP CHOP for the torch and
 TWIST to open the camera. Quite Handy features.  
Well, we all know Nothing is perfect. so, here are its little cons:- 
- No quick charge. the phone takes a little time to be fully charged.
- The camera could have been a little better, specially in lowlight. but it is no so bad.
 It can take great pictures in daylight.
- The expandable storage is only limited to 32GB. 
So, if someone asks me, I should buy it. I would say WHY NOT?? It's a great deal for this budget. yeah, maybe some other brand may offer far more superior specification for the same price range or may be a little less. But hey, everything that looks good on the paper does not mean that it's actually that good. 
AND.. THE END..! this is my review of the MOTO G3.
Thank You for your time. Cheers!! 
P.S- By the time you are reading this there may be other better phones then this. Please compare before buying. 
 I purchased my phone just more than a month back..and it fell once from my hand and the screen is already cracked!! wasn't the screen supposed to be a Corning Gorilla Glass 3???? a very sturdy glass?
the phone is a complete waste if it is soo fragile with such good specs! 
my hopes for moto are all gone! 
 I got my phone before the delivery date there rocks the flipkart. Phone is very good, camera quality is awesome, no heating problem even after playing high end games, speaker is too good. worth buying 
 Has been using this phone since a month, working just flawlessly..... Now we all know the specs of the phone so I am not gonna describe that, NOTE: this review would provide with detail info and would come handy to technical & hardcore users...... 
 First some clarification regarding some features that's confusing people a lot:-
the phone does have a LED notification light, which is disabled by the OEM, can be made to work by rooting,
All the gesture features work flawlessly.... i.e. moto active display, moto gesture, etc
sunlight visibility is good
some people were concerned about the lack of sterio speakers but even single speaker does its job.
battery lasts quite long, i.e.it provides SOT of upto 7.40 hours which is really good in today's world of battery dying devices.
Camera lens is of nexus 6, so quality of camera is quite good in full light conditions.
games like GT racing 2 works really smooth, and loading of content or components of game too is fast even on high graphics. 
Some things I didn't like:-
the display would have been better if it was FHD, but lower reso results in better battery backup.....
cached data gets collected very fast, this didn't happened with earlier moto phones....
One needs very sturdy hands for best camera results due to lack of OIS.
Lacks gyroscope, NFC, and some other sensors   
 It is very surprising that the moto g 3rd gen does not have a magnetometer especially when the moto g 2nd gen phone has a magnetometer 
 ordered on 4th night and got on 6 evening. A small suggestion is that plz let us know of the waybill number. Coming to the phone and packing I got nothing new to add, its great! Also I preferred a printed invoice, but you get one mailed ,so it's also fine. The earphones are poor though . But the quality of charger ,cable and the phone is premium...yes I mean it. Camera is a stunner! Take it out on a rainy day and shoot! impressive sound as well...also its a front facing speaker ,you wouldn't have to curve your hand over anymore :P .
After 5 years of using different models of a particular brand , I found this refreshing and appealing . a advice to all buyers is that stop looking up spec sheets to identify the best buy! 
 If you need a phone that has a good build quality, stable and where the hardware has a perfect match with the software go with Moto G3. There are many phones in the market with better specs and will cost less compared to this one. But non can offer you the quality that this phone offers. Its just awsm. 
Few months ago i brought Lenovo A600 for my Dad and it was a really good phone. But when compared to mine Moto G3 it looks like a waste of money. Moto G3 is butter smooth while handling any task, no lag what so ever. Feels good in hand and gives a premium experience in public. 
For people who are saying that the camera of moto g3 is not good, pls go and get a bit trained on how to click pics. By default the primary camera is running on 9 MP, goto settings and change it to 13 MP and see the magic. There is a option that lets you focus and adjust the exposure of the camera, basic but does the job inside the camera settings.. 
Even after that if you are struggling, then search google for CameraZoom FX app, you can get the pro version (if u know what i mean) for free, its one of the best app for camera. 
Overall I had a good user experience with this phone since the past couple of days. I hope moto gives it a timely update and keep making better phones. 
 The New moto G with its specification and features is indeed a very good phone but I would like to point out some specific issues with the screen.2 stars less for this.
I am using a 1st Gen Moto X, few months ago I got Grand max for my sister and recently gifted this mobile to Father in law, so here goes..
The screen feels dull due to its low sharpness and colour saturation, compared to grand Max, also I noticed fine mesh type pattern of diagonal lines(not pixels) viewed up close, which is not there with above phone screens.this is visible whether its the UI or a video. 
Also under sunlight, when screen is off the coarse pattern of the touch screen digitizer (vertical lines from top to bottom containing small horizontal lines ) is visible.
All these observations point towards an slightly inferior grade display compared to above.
So if want a really Good display, better look at other options. 
Pros: everything except Display/screen
Con: Poor display   
 I upgraded from the Moto G 2013. So, it was a big upgrade for me. Specifications are everywhere, so skipping directly to the good parts :
1. Camera - Same as on Nexus 6. One of my friends saw the phone and said - Huh, Moto cameras are always bad. he clicked a photo with my phone and he is amazed ever since. Also, although the front camera does not have a flash, still when you put the flash on and click, the screen flashes and the camera takes in as much light as possible. I managed to get my face, legible, in a completely dark room. Pretty cool, right ?
2. RAM - Straight to 2 GB. Snappier, faster and no lags due to this.
3. Battery - Completely charged at 4 PM the day before and have been fiddling hard ever since (including heavy gaming for 2 hours). The charge at the time of writing this is still 40%
4. Charger - I was worried that it will take 4 hours for full charge. But it did not. 35% to 100% in 1.5 hours. So, fast charger I suppose. Added benefit of 2 USB ports on the charger. 
Completely satisfied with the phone. My rating is solely for the product and not for flipkart. Although not happy with flipkart. Launch day offers are 7 in number. I bought it at 12:11 AM on the launch day. Still I got only 3 offers, all of them worthless. Would be happy if I receive the remaining offers too. 
 after my 2 days experience with moto g 2015 i am so happy to write this.great design and stylish look provides very comfort on hand.nice cameras especially the front camera.this phone really got many changes from 2nd gene.really worth for the money.this is going to be the best phone of 2015.never be confused on purchasing it. 
 Heating issue with Moto G 3rd generation
Heating or radiation issue noticed while keeping in pocket. 
I am very disappointed with heating issue. Contacted customer, they are not ready to return or replace the mobile, even though they put replacement as it has 30 days warranty. Now they are telling so many cons. I am totally disappointed with Flipkart. Now Flipkart started cheating with customer. I was a big fan of flipkart to buy any thing. Now i have decided to stop buying anything from flipkart.  
All the best Flipkart :) 
 over head.......they give me white charger and headphone with black motog3 mobile.it heated too much within half hour 
 It's nice phone, very less weight ,easy to hold ,
looking the cost wise it's high
rate should be reduce. 
 Moto G 3rd Generation problems
1. Phone Heating
2. Hanging
3.Call voice clearance low
4.Less battery back up 
 i have used for only 3 days Tuchscreen hang when use 3g data .display 3/5 .battery 4/5 camera 3/5 . speaker 3/5 . moto g2 best compare to moto g3 
 I am using this Moto g3 from last week it's not upto the satisfaction.
1. Battery Backup is average.
2. It is havin heating issuu temp crosses 48.5 c simply when connected to 3 g network.
 It;s difficult to hold in hand and use for calling.
3. As per Flipkart experts i reset the phone and installed only whats app sill temp is 45 c .
 Willing to replace the product.   
 dear friends i bought this product it is defective & gets too much over heated.do not buy this & go go for lenevo better than moto 
 The phone has nice look and it is waterproof. I don't know why they are advertising 32gb card support. I put in a 64gb card and it is working. The phone is reading all the space in 64 gb card. 
 Thanks for fast flipkart service! but I paid extra 90 rs for I day delivery. The new look and features makes moto g coooool! 
 i have buy a new moto g3 2 days before but today its hangs up and i cant understand what to do? 
then i will use the hardware reset to off moto g3 ....then it will started i don't know why i am getting these problems.... 
 this cell is not good as much other screen resolution,media not supported all type of format.pic clearty also not good and filpkart not given 4g sim card. 
 This Model battery back up is very Low. After full charge also this device is not work at least 6 Hour.. No any Game, Audio or video File is played.. Talk time is maximum 45- 60 Min. all togather, Incomig & outgoing... 
 Talking about Moto G3 is one of the best mobile under 15K in this frequently changing mobile world, 
Time has come to get experience of Moto G3. Awesome battery life, easy to grip, good sound quality.
Cool !!!   
 I bought this phone on the first day when it was launched. Love the design and build quality.
Its far better than other phones in this price range. Very satisfied with my purchase.Thanks to FLIPKART for their fast delivery. 
 I wan't to record some missing features with the latest Android OS. The Android Lolipop OS:
 - Doesn't allow you to select multiple contacts or remove multiple contacts at once
 - It won't allow you to Purge Duplicates from Contact list
 - Sending Contact Card - won't allow you to send/share a contact via your regular SMS/Text Messaging. It will always want you to have Data/internet connection and will send a contact card only MMS. 
Phone is value for money, but I believe Moto should take care of these missing features to enhance the experience. 
Lastly with this purchase, I got a free SIM which should ideally have a 20 digit Number for one to be able to swap with existing SIM, but ironically the SIM has only 19 digits. This free SIM supposedly should be swapped with my existing SIM to activate the double data plan offer with the handset Moto G 3rd Gen which is a bundle offer. I have requested for a SIM replacement. 
 Every thing seems good except the back panel it is not a rubber type finish like the one in g2, does not really feel that great in hands. 
 Delayed service, low customer service, delivery man rude behaviour, no manners to speak, overall never buy from flipkart 
 Another downgrade from Moto G 2nd gen which was already a let down from Moto G 1st gen which was a Champ when launched. Everytime, a next generation of any gadget comes, people expect some upgrades will be there. But Moto G series is completely opposite. I still remember when Moto G 1st gen announced, It was a like a dream specs in very affordable price, That phone actually changed the smartphone market particularly in India, Every other company marched with their phones to challenge the classic Moto G, and lost the battle :) 
Moto G 2nd gen was announced last year, With a downgrade in display. Same chipset and memory. Only improvement was the camera and SD card option. Battery was also the same as 1st gen. 
Moto G 3rd gen, which I got this evening, Backpanel is very slippery. Be careful while holding it. Feels heavier than 2nd gen. Display is same as 2nd gen. But I felt some mild yellow tint in the display. 2GB memory is very good upgrade. But nothing else really. SD410 chipset is already on Moto E 2nd gen which costs 7k. Motorola should've deployed SD610 or 615 to differentiate moto G from E, Benchmark ratings are very near to 2nd gen Moto E. Battery also same as Moto E. We have to pay nearly twice the amount only for the improvement in Camera. I'm really disappointed.  
Cons: 
1. Same display as 2nd gen. Rivals gives full HD panels for the same price range.
2. No stereo speakers as 2nd gen, another downgrade.
3. Feels heavy than 2nd gen. and very slippery too.
4. Front cam lacks color reproduction. I compared with 2nd gen hands on. 2nd gen excels in color rendering. 3rd gen looks flat.
5. Same chipset as moto E which costs for half the price.
6. 13k price is huge for this specs. Should be near 10k. 
Pros: 
1. 2GB memory is welcome addition.
2. Battery is 20% larger which is great. 
I really don't recommend this phone if you're having moto G 1st gen or 2nd gen. 
 I am an average user. All i wanted was good battery, display and music quality. Also i wanted no lags in my tasks. This is b=the best phone for those who want a good user experience. The stock android is also beautiful and as expected, very fast. 
Pros:
1. Design (i have black)
2. No lags
3. Display
4. Battey (average to high) 
Cons:
1. None for me 
I recommend this phone who want good battery life, display, internet usage and music. 
 expected date of delivery is on 10th august ..
but product not reached on that day so i called up to courier for information whta they said is that we are unable to locate your address ....and then i compalint about flipkart and blue dart courier service than on next day in heavy rain they ran and came to me with product....worst service ever by flipkart and that is also in delhi....and if i want to rate for mobiule it is very good with 5 stars and for service i will rate 0/5... 
 Phone Heats a lot.Please Dont Buy This Phone .The Phone Heats Quickly when Using Camera More Than 2 Minutes.the device temperature reaches 45 degree celsius within Minutes 
 Moto G3 was delivered on 16th Feb., 2016 and during the usage of the same till today (10.03.2016), it has bee experienced that the battery is draining fast. Also it has not got the facility to move the apps to SD card. Thirdly, it has not got the facility of call recording. 
 1.Camera:- The camera on this moto g3 is great.
2.Design:- The phone is classy and looks quite stylish in looking and gives a very good in hand feel when you're using it. 
Display : 4.5/5 (Cool display and is equally good to veiw it from extreme angles)
Camera : 4.5/5 (Super  (Expand) 
 Firstly thanks Flipkart for selling such a nice product, before time delivery. Thanks to all the reviewers for giving such a detail user experience and lastly thanks Motorola. 
Having said that I would contribute a few words to the thousands of reviews. I have seen HTC, Nokia, MotoE, Samsung rather used for a while. All the above are quite good in certain aspect s. Some has good display, good camera, good processor,good sound, good UI, good looks, good grip, perfect screen size, good ram management. Now this phone has got it all in it. This is not a phone, its a package full of happiness.. I dont think even the Moto X play can beat this. I got this 16 gb " My phone" at 10499 on Flipkart anniversary offer(500 less). One thing not mentioned in spec is this phone is otg compatible it can play movie from your hard disk and this also supports 64 gb external memory, I mean it detects and shows. I dont know whether I can use it after 32 gb or not. People are going crazy over Letv 1s this month. But I am sure they will understand the pain of a wrong choice over Moto g3 at same price. This is Motorola and this is my phone. Comparable phones are Apple 5S, One plus one, Samsung S6. Prove me wrong if you dare.   
 I have been using this mobile since last 3 month but screen is so poor even screen is claim to be gorila glass 3 and i applied glass for extra protection it broked just after drop form on meter at home which has normal surface. and it screen cost around 4k-5k !!! which is horible.
update-: i read around net these are many user like me who had issue with screen. 
 This phone has serious touch screen issues. within the first month , there were couple of times that the phone did not recognise touch and the incoming call would go unanswered. but after completion of 1 month the problem became even more frequent, but since it is out of replaement period of 1 month. i feel that i have been cheated. 
As a matter of fact my other phone xiaomi redmi 2 of Rs. 7000/- is much superior to this phone which cost me Rs. 13000/- .and the disappointing part is that there are not any authorized service centre of motorola in Jamshedpur which is making my life even more difficult. i promise not to buy any more electronic gadget from flip kart that too especially if it is of motorola.would like to have give it 0 star but there is no option so gave it 1 star. 
 hanging problem, sometimes it does not recognise touch, problem in swiping the phone to unlock, don't buy this one 
 First of all thanks for flipkart for the flat 2k off deal under which I purchased it. The delivery was timely, and no qualms on that front at all. 
Now coming to the phone, it is just great! I have used many a different phone, almost from all manufacturers, and Motorola deserve an applause for making this phone.  
The design is sturdy, display is great though it is 720p (with the advantage it doesn't kill your battery like the 1020p's), call quality is good, camera is great. Best part of the mobile is the battery life, because even though 2470 mAh look less on paper, the mobile actually pulls a day with active browsing and occasional games. And this is possible because it doesn't have a power hungry display and processor (the snapdragon 410 does a good job than the 615 on its sibling moto g turbo which is plagued with battery and heat issues). 
So overall, a nice job by Motorolo in chosing the hardware, and keeping the price competitive. Only complain I have with Motorola is not giving the buyer in India the option to customize the phone, like in US, but I understand they have partnered with flipkart as their sell channel, so I can live without it :D  
Go for it guys, this is the best phone you can get in this price range! 
 Hi All,
Don't purchase anything from flipkart, they have worst courier service, I ordered another moto g 3rd generation from this site, after 3 days i got message from AM-EKARTL that your order is out for delivery and it will be delivered by today 7:00 PM. I waited that day till 8:00PM but neither they came nor they called. again this thing happen after 2 days I waited but no luck, delivery boy didn't came this time also. this was happened 3 times. after that I Called Flipkart Customer Care No. and I explain full story then he assured that sir your order will be delivered by tomorrow any how, he also resister a complain regarding this, complain no. is IN1512311837538731328. And after sometime I got message from Flipkart in which they mentioned that "Order Rejected:Your Moto G with tracking ID: FMPP4273397694 has been marked as Customer rejected by your Ekart delivery executive". I have done lots of shopping from flipkart previously costing mothan 1 lac rupees but now a days flipkart service worst in rest of the e commerce companies. this time I am very disappointed from flipkart. Now and onwards neither i will do shopping on Flipkart no suggest to anybody else to do so. 
 bad service ever i seen from Motorola authorized service center 
phone is superb but service center is worst 
 please never ever buy any phone from motorola if you are more concerned about the after sale service of the phone and in this case Motorola is worst as far as its service is concerned. After purchase within 5 days the display of the phone got damaged which i accept that its my fault but when i take to the service centre ,the guys there told that the display unit is not available in stock and when it will come also they wont be able to tell the details. I called the Motorola service customer care and there response is also absurd,there is a guy called shsheel in the RSS team of motorola who keeps on giving me expected dates and till now he has given me 5 dates.Its been 2 months since i am waiting for the phone . 
Flipkart ,you sell the phone on your website but please take care of your partners service as well. 
 I normally don't write reviews but this one public should b aware off..bought this phone on 29 aug'15 got good delv on 5 Sept'15. Then phone started getting lines n u could not see videos or take pics. Gave to service centre on 16 nov'15 n till date 26/12/15 it is not repaired!!! What is the point of giving 12 months warranty when so much time is wasted in the service centre. Both service centre n Motorola customer care r horrible n employees r so inefficient. I wish I had known this earlier before buying a Motorola. Now u have been warned..  
 Defective item recieved . extremely poor customer service . replacement still not recieved above 2 months waiting time . annoyed 
 I have bought MOTO G3 one month back with Rs1000 moto offer and 10% sbi card offer... 
After one month of usage I have found the following:
"""""""""+'ves"""""""""
1) I have changed from yuphoria which has a configurable software to moto g3 pure android.
The android is more stable and very very less troublesome than Cynogen OS12.
2) Gestures and accelorameter + proximity sensor screen unlock makes your life more easy.
3) Battery in the phone is really great but charging time is comparative more compared to other mobiles.
4) Display is good and lag free, music player audio quality is great boon in this mobile and 
Call quality in MOTO g3>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>Yu yuphoria
5) Games are lag free and the the touch is Awesome with a capital 'A'.
6 ) Bugs are very few in number.
7) build quality is so good so u keep holding to it and never drop on the floor. 
""""""""""""""""""""-' ves""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
1) Found a bug as the scrooling keeps on going infinitely without end.
2) 700Mb extra memory of 11.81 GB internal Memory get taken by OS again..
3) Slightly heavier than other mobiles.
4) button response and changing song is button press of headset is slightly tougher
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
In one line go for it if u want a reliable handset with satisfactory spec and great performance. 
" Never buy YU yugolavia yuphoria like yu stupid so called brands and waste 7 to 9 k on it people"   
 I purchased Moto G3 for my dad recently. Here is my review of the phone: 
Pros:
1. Phone build is solid, feels good to hold
2. 5 inches screen
3. Phone does not heat up much
4, Camera is Excellent, even low light photographs come out very good
5. No lag whatsoever, no bloatware, no extra apps pre-installed. OS is very smooth
6. 2 GB RAM and 16 GB Internal memory sdcard
7. Audio and Video quality is very good
8. Audio volume is quite loud, songs quality via headset is good too.
9. 2470 Mah battery is little bit lower than expectation, but good enough to last whole day with medium usage
10. call quality is good 
Cons:
1. there is a yellowish tint on the display but it does not dilute the smartphone experience
2. No option to install apps directly on sdcard
3. default camera app is not very good, I used MXCamera which clicks stunning photographs 
I would highly recommend this phone - as it is complete value for money!! Go for it. 
 Moto g 3rd generation 1. camera quality awesome
 2.HD display looking great
 3. No heating problem
 4. Android running smoothly
Only one minor problem -to enable/disable mobile data you have go to setting .
And the last thing Flipkart delivery was excellent with in two days . 
 Bought this phone in mid august, stopped working after two months, is in service center since 23rd october, till date just got assurances not my phone 
 This is the first android phone I have bought after using Windows Phone for last 6 years. I am still trying to get hold of the new UI and I know its going to be a learning curve. 
The phone has nice features and looks premium. The kind of camera quality at this price point is a big plus. 
I don't have any complaints apart from the android UI which still has miles to go before it becomes as clean and intuitive as Windows phone. 
 Listen all,those so ever want to buy it,i will say dont go for it.13000 bucks for an average product.list of problems which i face-
1}My phone screen got broken,nowhere the screen is available,nor in moto service centre nor on flipkart..These companies just wanna sell phones,then has no service,it has been more than 2 months still got no answer from moto for parts
2}Overall an average phone,the Moto stupid company didnt provided Autofocus in it.
I am an professional photographer also,if u wanna take a zooming pic clearly not possible,u cant focus anything,if u wanna click a pic of thing which is in ur hand,u cant bcoz of no autofocus.
If u will go for it,beware that camera is not at all good as 13 megapixel and u can preassume no warranty or service,bcoz if ur phone goes will any defect,normal mobile reailers cant repair it so u will have to approach service centre for any problem,and my experience says,it takes more than 2 months time in the service centre for any phone of companies like moto,lenovo,oppo etc.
So,if u wanna go for phones of these companies,u will have to preassume,no service anywhere,but if the launched date of phone is 6-7 months,u might expect service in a shop..or else no service,2 months still the phone is getting repaired doesnt suggests any service.. 
service centre says tht moto has not yet launched the parts of this phone,which is shocking,its 3 months the phone has launched and company just wants to sell phone,no parts in case of any problem, 
So think twice before going to these kind of phones,otherwise not bad phone either 
 IF I AM MAKING A CALL A MESSAGE OF "CHANGE SIM" IS ALWAYS GETTING DISPLAYED IN YELLOW. NOW WHY THE MESSAGE OF CHANGE SIM IS BEING DISPLAYED WHEN IT'S AN ORIGINAL SIM. 
2.GOOGLE MUSIC APP DOESN'T RESPOND UNTIL YOU CLEAR ALL THE DATA BY GOING TO THE APP & RESTARTING THE APP ALL OVER AGAIN. 
3.THE SIM CARD SLOT 1 HAS A VISIBLE MANUFACTURING DEFECT AS THAT'S NOT APPROPRIATELY PASTED WHILE MANUFACTURING. 
 received d phone , wrkd ok for 2 mnths, thereafter touch of the phone faild to wrk , now Motorola says we don't have the hardware to b replacd 
its bn over a mnth now. 
 It is a best buy phone for this much price.
all features are fine.
camera capturing is awesome.
speed up your life with this.
i am first time using Motorola phone and trust me i feel awesome for this. 
go for it!! 
just one ISSUE,i am not able to remove google search box from my home screen.
is this for all Motorola phones ? or we can remove it?
If any one one knows please let me know.your all true feedback are valuable for me. 
 I own a motorola g2 and after having the best android experience of my life when it was time to buy a budget phone for my sister i looked no further than motorola. Oh yeah it is that good. I wasn't bothered about the review online or on youtube because they all tell a different tale. Trust me what i learned is everyone's perspective and POV when reviewing a product if different, so don't be fooled by reviews.  
Pro's
1) Ample of ram 
2) No bull crap installed it's as minimal as it gets.
3) Good Camera and Better battery life than the past generation.
4) It has been said a million times but the UI is best and fluid on phones on this range. No stupid customizations like the zen fone or lenovo. ( i don't even consider phones by xiaomi or others as worth buying unless u wanna try ur luck)
5) Crystal clear sound (calls as well as media) and the design is fantastic, it feels premium not plastic like a zenfone, its a joy to handle. 
6) IPX 7 Water resistance. 
The charger can charge 2 devices at once. rated at 1100 mah 
THIS PHONE IS BEAUTIFULLY PUT TOGETHER IN TERMS OF HARDWARE AS WELL AS THE SOFTWARE. IT IS SO WELL OPTIMIZED YOU WONT FEEL THE NEED TO ROOT IT. 
 I was expecting so much about moto g 3rd gen.....But not so good. 
Issues on this phone 
1.Display Freeze ...after 2 or 3 power button touch comes to normal.
2.Desktop notification works like pulse....by this action interrupts dial, video stream,
 disturbing the documents read, search bar works automatically.....there is no option to disable these...
3.Mentioned above the problems makes battery drain
4.Heating issues when charging
5.Auto updation while reboot even though we turned off the updates .. 
 defect is the screen scrolls on its own when u tap it, not always but most of the times , this problem is with all moto g3, i had to change two moto g3 to find out this problem, and the camera is very bad, it is not like 13 mp, for name sake it is 13mp, doesn't feel like one. front cam is also bad. flipkart service is awesome that they refunded my whole money back. thanks for that. 
 Product Quality is bad and after sales service is worst, since 21 days my device is with Service Centre for repair and till date i dont have any updated from Motorola and B2X Service Centre after many time i had followup for the same issue. the dont have stock of parts available for running models. 
 I Purchased it from flipkart on 22nd Aug'15. I am using it around 2 months.
First of all touch of the device is smooth like butter performance is good, Camera in low light is very poor but Now Power button of my device is not working properly. I went to service center, they told me that need to change the mother board for power button. it will take 1 month. so I think hardware is not good (In my case). Sometimes heated badly. hang sometimes when call coming. So Think before buying it because service is very poor. I called to Flipkart they told me our warranty is 30 days and you have to go to the Service Center. 
 I bought the cell a month ago, apparently because of the moto branding thinking after purchase service is good, but all i have is regret the cell discharges quick, the browser often hangs, the MX player too freezes sometimes playing in H/W mode, glass is not as expected, got broken and the service center told me i have to pay 4K for that moreover i was told it will be taking minimum of 10 days (working days) to get it repaired and that too was an approximate date as the part was not readily available, i tried getting the issue resolved with customer care to my surprise he added to my misery by saying that it will take 15 days rather than 10, i explained i just got the cell 1 month back there should be some liability at company's end but i was explained that the warranty was only applicable to software not hardware and i have to pay the 4K after that they will look into it but still the time estimating didn't came down from 15 days. i will give -5 if its there. 
 accessories are of the worst quality one can imagine. phone also does not live up to the mark in terms of performance. Front Camera hangs while taking a picture, Battery backup is good.  
 overall not a was not a worthy buy for me 
 Its a Really Nice phone...its just a PURE Phone....no comments...
but a major problem...in this phone..that is HEATING PROBLEM
some time its Very much heated...  
 product was very good, but delivery service not upto the mark. they cancelled order and giving false reason 
 1) I have bought this ten days before,from second day onwards music player is suddenly strucking itself,this is really irritating me.For listening the songs i need switchoff the mobile and again switchon it,then it is working. 
2)very bad ear phones,my ears are paining if i put them continuously 
3) I'm facing Heating problem also 
 I have purchase this phone and when i receive the same after that i tried to connect in wifi its not working, After that i went to service center in Ahmedabad and they have tried to do the same finally they update software after that it was working in their office wifi. When i come back to my office again it wifi was not working and at the same time on other wifi it was working. In Apple wifi it is not working and in wifi tata docomo its not working and in balkin wifi device its working. I have asked other customers coming on motorola service center and major of them having same issue in moto G, and E. 
Looking for some solution for this problem other wise planning to return handset and buy some other good smartphone in same range. 
 everything has some good n bad points. on moto g3. after using of 25 days i am writing this,
Good points
-Rear cam is too good.
-battery is good
-sound quality is fine
-handy to use 
bad points
-main thing if ur using this for a 20mins then it touches to 40C
-front cam is not good in min day light 
over all its a good one except heating issue 
 Although configuration is good but purchase it only if you don't need front camera as front camera of this phone does not work. I have purchased and returned the product 2 times and got my refund. Planning to go for some other brand and Not MOTO. 
 i bought this before 20-25 days. after few days i got problem in voice and heating problem.i had replace it but new phone also making same problem. 
other feature are good like camera,looking.
but speaker quality is not good. 
 I am using moto g3 for about 17 days and facing heating issue with my set.
with normal use of 3g, gaming like lining jump rush,capturing video for abot 10 min its temp. gets upto 44 degree celsius.
If I use it with charging on then it excedes 45 degrees.
I have requested flipkart for its replacement but they are saying if temp goes above 48 degrees then only replacement will be done.
apart from it phone is workin fine but it is useless with so much heating.  
 my moto g3's second sim slot has issues....it has no pins there..so second sim card not working..
but overall its a great handset.... 
 Hello, 
Problem:
This phone has heating issue... even start internet browsing 10 to 15 min..... phone heating issue is started. 
Best point:
Camera Quality is good.....  
 I had bought it because of the Motorola tag added with other features.
Note that these are just a publicity gimmick!! 
I received a new set,which had been perfectly working for 8 days and then it all started.
The product starting lagging,Freezing without any warning.
The wifi was getting disconnected and product becoming too hot. 
I had returneed it and applied for replacement/refund.  
 1. Picture quality is very good.
2. performance is also v. good
3. faster than my old Alcatel Mobile
But
 Battery backup is very bad only 4 hours backup gives me at First Day. @ Countinus net Surfing.
 As avg. mob handset is not better as Price Rs 12999. Moto 3rd Gen. 16 gb 
and it lot of heats both back and glass side
 also when i open the lock most time the screen must black and want to restart handset
 it is the bad product  
 Got the phone yesterday , liked it , the touch is smooth , The only thing i missed and did not like is the notification light , and the duel speakers , And the concept of twisting the phone and cam gets started and shaking the phone torch starts , does not work so good , you have to keep trying it , rest all are good as of now .... 
 suprb device as i ever knew them for their quality.\
not doubt it is better then previous generation . that's a big thing and impressive to give regular upgrades . 
performance not depend of high end specs as almost micromax , samsung user say always . 
it depends on build quality and thier manufacturing process.
all moto devices are strong . 
a little thing i miss a led indicator n dual speakers. 
devices is awesome .
buy with no doubt . 
feel the motorola power n quality .
i use motorola since i buy my first cell moto yuva w270
n series continues razr v3, v3i , krazr , razr v8, droid razr xt912, xt910, droid razr m , razr hd maxx, droid ultra , 
moto g 1st , moto e2nd , moto 2 2nd, moto x 1st , 2nd, 
now to moto g 3rd gen .
fab moto .
thanks a lot to glevin brothers to gave a such a iconic motorola to world. 
Hello Moto... :) 
 I am writing this review after using this phone for almost 20 days now and not found any cons of this phone. 
Highly impressed with the battery performance over the previous version of this phone (Moto G2). 
Nice display, slim and easy to handle phone with a handful of extra features. 
Overall its a nice phone and gives great value for money. 
 Having used the phone for more than 2 weeks, I would say its an excellent product. Worth every penny paid. Solid build quality. With its 2 GB RAM at 1.4 GHz clock speed, downloads are extremely fast. Has a lot of cool features. The user has to explore to find many. 
There are no heating issues even while playing games or charging. The adapter (charger) gets heated a bit, not the phone. Only once did my phone freeze while playing games. There are no lag issues or call drops. 
The camera is high quality though the front camera could've been better. Battery lasts for more than 1 & 1/2 day if you don't keep WiFi or data turned on all through the day. With more than an hour of talktime and an hour of playing games, it lasts more than a day for sure.
I'd surely recommend this phone. Value for money. 
 features that i liked
-fast and smooth android.
-display quality is awesome.
-download speed is good.
-low weight and slim look.
-and most important feature is 2 GB ram and 16 GB ROM. 
 A great package
Pros:
- Great overall feel (way better than earlier G2) and almost feels decently premium for its budget
- No lag yet(hardly 10 days old) and is pretty responsive and can multitask easily
- Great camera- Way better than earlier cam and is a capable performer, HDR mode is good, Daytime frames are really amazing and abundantly detailed. Both back cam and front cam
- Battery life is good, can last for two days with my form of average usage (few calls, mails, WhatsApp (3G is always on), an hour or two of light gaming, few snaps and social networking()roughly 2-3hrs on WiFi)
-Charging time is also decent, no fast charging but ideally requires 1-1.5 hrs to get from 40-50% to 100% charge
-Back cover is amazingly grippy and gives really nice and secure feel
- Moto Assist and Moto display a boon and aids in reducing the battery consumption
- Last but not the least IPX7 rating, so not much worry especially in the rainy days. 
Cons:
- Big for 5incher
- Camera aint the best in low light conditions and not at all best for macro shots. To top it all it doesnt have manual focusing option, something I loved with my earlier Lumia
- Back cover, though is very good, white coloured ones can get dirty easily
- All the variations in back cover and all customization options are not valid in India, No Motomaker yet so cant customize the G3 for free and the unique coloured back covers cost Rs.999 
Overall a worthy option for 13k, the 2GB RAM version, and is best for all who like to have a phone that can be used a bit roughly and doesnt prefer pampering it. 
 moto g3 is awesome...
all the things are great. but some problems are there with the headset & speaker.... 
advantages:
1. 2GB RAM is great. 5/5
2. Inbuilt storage is fine. 5/5
3. rear vs front camera is also great. 5/5
4. battery life is too good it works whole day without charging. 4.5/5
5. display size is good. 4/5 
disadvantages:
1. speaker is bad while volumes are full
2. cannot connect using usb mode to laptop.
3. during power saver mode it gets hanged takes 2 to 3 seconds to get back on main menu. 
overall the mobile is great.
did not tried the cell phone by putting into water. do not play with water resistant feature. 
 I don't know how come MOTO G3 is getting such great reviews.
Pros:
1. Good day time camera.
2. Better speed.
3. ..... could not think off.
Cons:
1. No Direct Wi-Fi (Honor holly @ Rs 7000 provides a good direct Wi-Fi)
2. Worst display. (Normal usage shows big pixelets, if you keep your phone brighter)
3. Bad battery.
4. Flip cover is useless, as it makes ur phone gestures useless and also Map navigation is lost due to magnet in flip cover.
5. Vary bad Low light images (black grains in pics).
Will Recommend Huwei Honor 4X to this phone which was launched almost 1.5 years back at a lower proce to current Moto G3 
 I brought this Moto G3 and the first thing to notice is Camera crashes frequently showing message "Camera error, restart camera or Unfortunately camera has stopped.."
I've searched google and xda-developers and found many people facing same issue. 
Many limitations from operating system such as you can not restart the phone directly as there is no restart menu. You have to Power Off and turn it on again. 
2 GB RAM does not show any difference with my old phone having 1 GB RAM 
Samsung Galaxy S2 GT-I9100 
But worth a budget phone.. dont expect too much. 
 Hi,
I got the phone with in 8 days form order,
out going voice is not clear,
Camera quality also not good,
I also request to return it. 
 I have recently bought moto g 3rd gen from flipkart. I have been using it for a week now, so thought about sharing my experience. 
Well first of all kudos to flipkart for delivering the product on my door step. 
If you have a budget of around 15k , then I think you should definitely go for this product.
1) Descent display
2) Good Camera
3) Normal heating issues that are with every device. 
4) Average battery backup
5) Performance is excellent, No lag , no frame drop, nothing.
6) Pure Android experience. Good software experience.
If you are looking for a phone that should perform well in every department and you have a budget of around 15k, I recommend you moto g 3rd gen. 
I know few might compare with Asus zenfone 2 and Xiaomi Mi 4i or Mi 4, but I don't think that they will serve any good in long term that's why I bought moto g 3rd gen anyhow that's my opinion. 
 Good luck!! Peace \\// 
 Hello guys.. i have been using apple for so long. i had iphone3,4s,5s,6. Recently my iphone 6 was damaged by water. The next day this phone was launched on this site. i have never used android before this but i must say its a nice phone with good value for money. as well as its waterproof n stuff. iphones are great but im in love with this phone too. i wont go in specification and all shit. but ya if you want a phone with good battery life and decent display you should buy this. 
 last week was different.from wasting data in online smartphone reviews to asking friends and siblings about the best deal for my money.Obviously,everyone had different opinions.Between lenovo k3 note,asus zenfone and moto g 3rd gen,i decided to go for motorola for the first time in my life and boy i am not disappointed.
pros-
1.looks premium than other phones in this segment.
2.android 5.1.1 works like a charm,multitasking is fluid all the time.snappy performance.
3.camera performance is good in daylight but not so good in artificial conditions(doesnt mean that the photos are unusable).
4.battery stays with you the entire day with continuous browsing and making calls.(drains quickly in areas with poor signal strength).
5.though its a 720p screen but i still find this display to be quite acceptable at this price segment.
5.water resistence and gorilla glass make the device sturdy.
6.moto display and moto assist come very handy in everyday usage. 
cons-
1.headphones provided are just not up to the mark.
2.no fast charging
overall,its a wonderful device.i didnt buy asus because their devices don't look good at all also they have loads of bloatware.On the other hand the k3 note has very high sar values,no gg3 and looks quite ugly too.i would definitely recommend this smartphone to anyone who is a moderate user.(can't say anything about the gaming performance coz i dont play games much). 
 1 day after the phone was delivered, Sound, light notification and ringtones stopped working abruptly. Its like when you get an incoming call, u will never know as there wont be any sounds or light notifications for you. 
I asked for a return and in turn some technician troubleshooted it through phone. Though it worked at that time, it is getting repeated again and again. I had requested for a return again and I hope Flipkart & Moto G will replace with a new mobile as promised. 
I didnt find any other defect, everything else were working fine. 
 I have been using this phone for the past week and here is my honest review about this phone, hopefully this should help people in doubt: 
Pros
-------
 Stock Android: The phone works as smooth as butter, one doesnt really need a 3GB or 4GB RAM, when you have a 2GB RAM accompanied by a stock android. There is no lag while running multiple apps or migrating between them 
 Display & Touch: While the display is not full HD, the colours are vibrant and bright. Touch is quite responsive. 
 Form Factor: The form factor is better than Moto G 2nd Generation; the grip is better and the screen is slightly wider, enabling a better view. I specifically wanted a 5 phone for easy gripping and easy carriage in my pocket, and the MotoG 3rd Gen does that fine. 
 Heating Issue: None. I am not a high end gamer, and I have only tried out a few games. There are no heating issues 
 Battery: The 2450mAh battery is carrying me through the day with a mixed usage; again, I am not a heavy gamer, but the battery seems to be quite good. The stock android helps in this regard. 
 Camera: Front camera is excellent, back camera is excellent in well-lit areas 
 Call Quality: Signal reception is excellent, call quality is very good. 
 Accessories: You get an earphone, which is of good quality, but not in-the-ear earphones. But atleast you get one, unlike certain other phones at similar price points. You also get a USB charger which has two ports for simultaneously charging two phones 
 Reliabilty: You can expect certain reliability & quality with the brand of Motorola, and possibility of an Android M upgrade later. 
Cons
-------
 Loudspeaker Sound: The music seems to crack at high volumes
 Camera: The back camera is strictly decent in low light areas, not excellent
 Screenguard: I would have welcomed a screenguard within the box; since this is a new phone, screenguards are not yet available locally.  
But hey, one cannot expect everything within a phone that is optimally priced. 
The water proof IPX7 rating is welcome, but my required protection is limited to protection against occasional rain drops, and the phone can more than handle that aspect. 
My suggestion to anyone looking for a phone under 15k and in dilemma, is to go ahead and buy this. 
 Been using the phone for more than a week now. Thoroughly satisfied with the performance so far.  
Pros: 
Fast processor
Good camera
Good Battery Life
Pure android experience and no bloatware
Excellent Speaker
Water resistant( Not tested this though) 
Dual Sim slot 
Cons: 
A bit on the heavier side. 
It is totally worth the money that Motorola is offering it for. Beats any other android phone hands down. 
Dont think twice before buying it. Go for it and you wont regret is.Much better than HTCs, Samsung and Iphones.   
 I love its premium look!!!
Hats up 2 flipkart 4 its superfast service 
After a long research I opted this one....& I'm happy that I bought it.
Very satisfied with its performance...value for money..
Charger has two outputs Which is really useful..
It has IPX7 rating which is water - resistant gr8 at this price
 UI is very responsive... 
guys go for it...it is the best affordable phone you can get at this range.
Display 5/5
Processor 5/5
Hardware Build 5/5
Battery 4/5
Back camera 4/5
Front Camera 4/5
Accessories 4/5 (Earphone is n't that good) 
Next review will be after 1 month use...best phone at this price  
 Well, people might not agree very often with statements like these, especially when you're comparing products across different price ranges, but honestly, this thing deserves all the praise it can get. It might not boast of high performance chipsets or a thin, beautifully chamfered aluminium body or be a Flagship Killer (I'm looking at you Oneplus), but god damn this phone is awesome.
 It pales in comparison to other flagships, or even other phones in the same price bracket, on paper but manages to hold its own in real-life owing to the (almost) bloatware-free and relatively fluid stock android. And that, in my view of course, is what makes it so much like an iPhone- not a lot of specs to show-off and a lot to offer in terms of experience. Besides that, the modest 720p resolution and the SD 410 mixed with 2500 mAh battery gave me a solid 6 hours on-screen time with really heavy usage. Now thats something to boast about (today, not 10 years ago)
It does have a few cringe-worthy things like the grainy zoomed in camera shots and oh so not perfect backplate waterproofing (I'm a bit skeptical here as the water tends to leak in, even when tightly secured). But again, the cons do not even come CLOSE to what this phone really represents- that Android can be just as good, if not better, even on a low-spec device. *pats Moto on the back*  
 DESIGN
A water-resistant construction and deeper customization thanks to Moto Maker, this is undoubtedly the best designed Moto G to date in the series
DISPLAY
The specs might be unchanged, but there are small improvements all around with the display. BETTER THAN XIAOMI.
LOLLIPOP
The new Moto G offers a mostly stock Android 5.1.1 Lollipop experience.You cant go wrong with a mostly stock Android Lollipop experience, with Motorolas enhancement too.
PROCESSOR
Its one of the most responsive phones running this chipset. Probably helps that theres stock Android too!
CAMERA
The camera is delightful to use for most occasions, but dont expect to do Like a DSLR.
Its enjoyable for a mixture of things
BATTERY
Outstanding for its better-than-expected battery life, you wont find yourself in a predicament too often.
CONCLUSION
PROS
+ Cant beat its Rs13000+10% SBI starting price
+ IPX7 certification for water resistance
+ Customizable design courtesy of Moto Maker
+ Near stock Android experience
+ Motorola software enhancements continue to be meaningful
+ Outstanding battery life
+ Good call quality
+ Surprisingly snappy performance 
 Phone got delivered two days ahead of time, excellent clarity, all my friends envy my phone, great phone with awesome features for an affordable price 
 Using this phone for 5 days now, and I would say this is surely a beast from Motorola. I was using LG Nexus 4 for 2 years and looking for another stock android phone. Moto G and MotoG2 both were looking good to me as I checked out of my friends. Hence I ordered Moto G3. A totally worth phone. 
About the features
1. Build Quality: Motorola has produced a Gem this time. Back panel is rough surface and had good grip while holding. I disliked the curvy back panel, as the phone is not static on the desk. I am also considering to buy a color panel as it will give good look to phone. 
Phone's speaker is in the front panel, which is beneficial. I don't have to turn over my phone for listening music at full volume. 
2. Display: It is same resolution as nexus 4(1280*720) however screen size is more hence the 294ppi. There is some difference visible to me. But that doesn't matter for normal use. Screen is sharp and crisp. This one got Ambient Display feature producing quality display with handy features. 
3. Camera: Selfie camera produces quality images better then my old nexus 4 rear camera. Rear camera pictures have some darkishness that can be resolved by adjusting the exposure to correct points. Overall pictures are nicely produced. 
Shutter speed is awesome and there is very little delay for snapping pics (even for HDR) 
4. Battery: Till now battery backup is good. Discharged in 29 hours when fully charged. This involves sleep time of 8 hours. (Motorola has software to reduce the battery usage during night sleep). Being a 2470mah battery, it is doing good.  
5. Sound: Sound is very loud and clear although not as much pleasing. Headphones are provided with this phone which are ok to use.  
6. Software: Motorola has provided some good software features in the phone. Moto display (handy notifications), moto assist etc. Being a stock android you get all the features of android plus regular updates from motorola. I checked Xiaomi, which has cut down many of the core android features reducing the usability of phone. 
7. Performance: 2GB RAM and Quad Core processor are working at its best. I use phone for moderate use (not much at games) and haven't seen any lag so far. I have also not observed phone heating till yet. 
8. Colorful back panels and flip covers are good options available for this phone.  
Overall best phone under 13K from motorola. Go with it with blind eye.   
 Got this phone yesterday. First of all hats off to Flipkart for awesome delivery time. 
Now coming to the phone:
1. Build Quality: 5/5
2. 2 GB of RAM with no bolt ware, and awesome RAM management: 5/5
3. Screen size could have been bigger as we are getting 5.5 inch screen on Honor 4x: 4/5
4. Resolution is perfect for the price range and PPI makes it much better. 5/5
5. Battery life is too good.Even though it is having only 2470 mAH battery, with 30% charge, I downloaded about 30 apps on WIFI, used whatsapp on 4g and little bit of gaming, used torch and over all used phone for 4 hours but when got up in the morning battery was still at 10%: 5/5
6. Camera quality is good and they gave Slow motion video feature as in Iphone that is more than awesomeeeeee: 5/5
7. Headphones given are of average quality but at least they are giving it other wise Zenphone 2 and Honor 4x don't have headphones. 2/5
8. Sound quality in music player is good, try with some sony Headphone: 5/5  
Finally WATER RESISTANCE phone, I already gave it a dip in a bucket of water :D and guess what. It is working..!!!! Just remember to close the back lid as mentioned in the sticker. 
And in the end I would says, haters will keep hating it and give bad review. Don't listen to them. 
Above review is after using for 10 hours. 
Adding Some more points after using for about more than 24 hours
 No Lags, can handle and switch between upto 12 apps without issues
 No heating Issue
 Battery Life is awesome (after a full charge and using for 5 hours with browsing on Wifi, downloading apps and few clicks with cam and 3 slow motion video and whatsapp, battery is still at 80%)
 Loved the on screen notification 
So will recommend you to go for it. No need to give a second thought 
 Nice Features in Economy Price...... Perfect Make from Motorola. 
Performed FHD video test (Same video) motog3 with other devices like mi4, samsung galaxy s2, nexus5, apple 4s.... The winner is moto G3......  
- Received Offer code from Flipkart for shopping on Myntra App. I.e.. 33% 
cons:
- Not received any sim card from Flipkart as mentioned in introductory offers.
- No information disclosed by flipkart that when the money back offer/moto 360 offer will be announced. (These are also part of introductory Offers)  
 waited for almost 8 months. Got the device as per my wish.
A very good and compatible device. Such a great panel with silky touch screen.
RAM is outstanding. Sound is good. No heating issues at all.... masterpiece from MOTO.
My suggestion is..... you can blindly go ahead with MOGO G3 compared to Xiaomi Mi4i, Lenovo note 3 / lenovo A7000 / Asus zenfone / samsung / sony........ 
Outstanding features and worth the money you spend. 
 Plus Points:
Good Camera with Good Light.
No Lag, No hanging.
Light Weight.
Superb Battery Backup.
On time Delivery 
Negative Points:
Mobile data shortcut should be there like Samsung, Sony, Micromax etc
Screenshot is not easy like other mobiles
No Restart option 
Still happy to Rate 5 Star 
 *Don't know why people rate it "one star". 
*For all those who feel slight "yellowish tint " in display : plz shut off Adaptive brightness and increase brightness.
*For all those who face notification issue problm : plz learn to use latest stock andriod UI.
*For all those complaining "explanation mark ! "issue : Its normal , dnt b overconscious.
*For all those who compare this beast with others with higher specs : PLZ IF U WANT A FRYING PAN TO MAKE DISHES...Buy MI products and lenovo products.
*For all those who dnt knw the background: plz look for MOTO G and its ratings(38k+) and 4.2/5.0 
2nd day of use : 
1. 1GB of RAM always free: No hangs , no lags.
2. Impressive Camera.
3. Nice battery.
4. Sturdy design.
4. Nyc display.
5. Nyc sound.
6. long lasting phn with sturdy design and water proof. 
Cons :
Expectations.: LEADS TO MISERY.  
will update soon. 
Aug 15
Independence day .
My phone is STOLEN.
Its the end og G3.  
 Hi Flipsters, 
I got a new MotoG3 2 days ago and am happy with all the features that is available in the phone. 
However, i am unable to use the AppLock app in this phone and i did try installing it multiple times. The installation works fine, but when i lock different apps, they dont get locked, i am unable figure out the issue here. 
If anyone else is facing this problem, please let me know the fix or if it cannot be fixed. 
 I received this on Friday & so far, I love that fact that I have switched from an iPhone to &roid & I sure agree that &roid has come a long way in the 4 or 5 years that I was off it
Unboxing: The phone comes in a nice small box & neatly packed with a charger, earphones, manual & of course the phone itself. The charger comes with 2 USB ports instead of one, good thought Motorola
Build Quality: It looks surprisingly elegant & definitely better looking compared to its predecessors. I love the new patterned look on the back cover & the new camera housing design. 
The phone feels sturdy enough however not as much as a the iPhone, I have dropped my iPhone 4S multiple times in the last few years & it has survived each time to tell the story, not sure if I can say the same for this one, only time will tell. 
I wish I could say the same about the earphones, they are flimsy & have a poor sound quality. They are disappointing & they might as well have not included it 
Turning it on: Love the screen & how clear everything looks, the first thing that hit me was how convenient it was to setup whilst switching from an iPhone & then it leaves you with a very classy looking purple wallpaper compared to strange cartoon(ish) colors of its predecessor 
This phone is definitely fast, everything seems to open up at atleast twice the speed (maybe because I was using an iPhone 4S) 
What I liked: 
The phone is built perfectly to be operated with just one h&, most of the time
The "OK Google" option from any screen on the phone when active, I wish they had added the Moto X style always listening
* "Chop Chop" to on the flashlight
* Twist twice to activate the camera
* The phone displays the time & shows notification previews without having to touch any button when picked up after placing it down 
* The battery worked an entire day from 9 am until about 11:30 pm when it switched to batter saver mode (not drained out) with a pretty high usage of WiFi, BT with about 5 hours of screen time 
* The camera is good & I like the fact that I can use the volume key as the camera button & clicks a pretty good picture as well
The Not so good bits
* No manual focus option in the camera, not sure if it exists but I couldnt find one
* Airtel website says that the phone isn't compatible to 4G!! 21 helpline did confirm that the phone is compatible, phew!! Not sure why the website said that. I will post an update once I get the 4G sim card
* The phone did show some signs of lag when I was downloading songs, installing apps, using Open Mic+ & Push Bullet simultaneously while playing working on office emails & social media with a low battery , so I guess I was asking for it 
* Moto Assist feature is missing the Driving mode, it would've been good to have
Most of these issues is something that I was really looking for than real big problems except the camera bit. I definitely recommend this as a good buy for the price paid for it 
 Using Moto G 3rd Gen for a day now, and pretty much satisfied to say the least. Sturdy and a decent handset with great display screen (compared to Xperia ZR I have been using previously). While haven't fully explored, will list down some the pros and cons I came across as of now: 
What I liked: 
1. Good built; especially the back cover providing a firm grip.
2. Camera - 13MP rear and 5MP front; couldn't ask for better at this price.
3. 2 GB RAM
4. Very very loud and distinct audio and speaker quality while answering calls. 
What I didn't: 
1. No LED notification; Instead there is Moto Display, which will take a while for me to get used to.
2. No NFC - but that doesn't really bother me.
3. No independent device calendar. Everything is synced to Google Calendar, which is a put off for me.
4. The Office mail has now moved to Google by default, which is the major dampner for me. I dislike my office mails being mixed with Gmail; preferred them to be separate :( 
Nevertheless, a compact budget phone one should definitely go for. 
 Pros :
1. Nice screen with Gorilla glass, not FHD like K3 Note but its good. No glare wide viewing angle, no pixelation. Pulse width modulation is good so it doesn't hurt eyes.
2. 2 GB RAM. A must requirement for Lollipop.
3. 16 GB memory with extended card support. No worries for torrent downloaded Brrip mobies ;)
4. Water resistant : wow...its like your rainy day check :P
5. Camera : at last Motorola upgraded there camera. Now with 13 MP 2.0 aperature and dual tone flash pics are superb. However in low light condition its ok. For selfie lovers front 5 MP cam is too good. 
Cons :
Screen to body ratio. The phone could have been some smaller given its screen size 5'.
The only awkward thing I felt. 
Overall its a good phone, especially for careless people (Gorilla glass + water resistant) like my girlfriend :P  
 First of all, thank you MOTO for this phone. This phone is completly free from BLOTware, not even the file manager is installed. So you have freedom to choose the apps you want. Its like a canvas, and you have to choose your own colours to paint. 
The processor works fine. I used around 25-30 apps at one go and the phone still worked smooth. The touch is supersensitive. I am sure you guys would love it.
The camera is average, it does its job but dont expect it to be as good as Mi4i camera. Mi4i is only good in terms of camera but it heated a lot. Moto G3 on other hand has no heating issue. I checked the temperature, even after heavy usage it was 39 degrees which is good. You may use the code *#*#4636#*#* to check the functionality of phone and battery performance. 
It is water resistant, i verified it. Dropped it in bucket, still it was working completely fine, however you need to ensure that the back panel is properly locked as per the instructions. Also, the voice quality over the call is crystal clear and the volume output of songs is fantabulous. I really loved this phone. Internal storage is around 11-12GB. 
I would have rated it 5 if the front cam would have been better. 
 they sent dead phone  
 I have purchased Moto G 3 before 3 months and within 3 months it is giving charging and device heat issue. And worst and very rude service by moto service centers and customer care. I am facing big problem but they don't bother. Cheater customer service by moto. Very worst experience by Moto G 3. Please go for any another phone. 
 If you want to stay peaceful in terms of service do not buy this mobile phone.I was hurrying to office one day by mistake it fell from one feet and display is broken like hell.My phone is not usable and I kept it at home as I felt glass pieces would come off. I visited service center 2 weeks back, which looks like crap and that service center guy feels as if he is god and does not even respond properly to Customer issues.Apparently for MOTO G 3RD GEN he does not have spare parts.If you want to stay peaceful with your mobile buy earlier version as they can repair it.I had very good picture about GOOGLE products, that is why I bought this mobile in the first place.Now I think I have made a big mistake. 
 First of all I would like to thank Motorola and Flipkart's services for resolving my issue promptly after complaining for the long delivery period stated initially, and being a legacy customer, provided me the Phone(2GB variant) in a less than a week(although it is out of stock).
Next, I am satisfied with the phone pretty much.
Only thing that lacks is an amoled display(specially due to no notification LED). As the IPS display lights up completely(although still black) when notification arrives. You will be able to tell the difference.
A better screen and it would have been no match to any phone in this range and beyond.
But I assume it also would have meant less number of takers for the Moto X.
Brilliant ergonomics brings a joy to hold the phone in hand.!
Once a Moto, always a Moto.!
Thanks again. 
 I have ordered two MotoG3 phone during the first sale but didn't get it due uncooperative logistics department of flipkart has messed it up. Order id of phone is OD003591050636960300 is cancelled for no reason and received a defective phone for order id OD103582510109216800 which is not been replaced yet. Flipkart sincerely if you cant fulfill the promises made to customer kindly stop doing exclusive launches.Still didnt got the a call from the grievance department.Hope Motorola will choose another ecommerce site for next launches. 
 Moto is a very big brand so there is no issue with mobile but after receiving moto g 3rd i have quite internal problem with speakers & mic.Also Facing problem with too heated during charging. My charger sometimes disconnected automatically.
 i applied to replace it from flipkart. But response from flipkart is not satistfy they to me. They tell go to store and verified from there so what the meaning of 30 days replacement policy ?? I had very poor experience with flipkart services. I have always regret why i buyed motog 3rd from flipkart. I bought this phone on 31/7/15 and i compalin two times on mail and the same two time at call but they are not listening.
 what is the meaning of buying online product when they are not ready to replace it ? why should i go at store ? i buyed from online now they have a responsibilities to replace it. the product we get ed from this online store we use lifetime so they have to understand replace it as soon as possible.
The day by day services from flipkart is poorer.
my return order ID OD203499696510750600 Pls replace it as soon as possible Flipkart Team. 
 i received the product and received a dead charger . With in 1 hr of delivery, i have submitted a return request. Next day got a call from customer support asking why i request a return. Explained and here is what the support executive replied.  
1. We will provide a 500/- voucher, so you can purchase any charger from flipkart. 
2. you may go to service centre and get a replacement charger as it is covered under 6 months warranty. 
3. We will replace the charger, but it wont be a new one as motorola wont sell charger alone. 
why the heck i should buy a cheap third party charger or fight with a service centre to get a new charger. how can flipkart tell me they can only send me a used one? The executive was rude and lack customer support experience and was shouting at myself. Finally i made it clear that i wont accept nothing other than a full box replacement, they agreed to replace. Very pathetic. 
 I have buy moto g3 on4 aug 2015. 
As i start using it found thatthe phone's head speaker are not working properl.I realize that there is lots of disturbance while talking on the phone.
I apply for the replacement of the product and i got call from flipkart .
They reject my request for replacement on the basis of some foolish online check by smart check application that voice coming from head speakers( I mentioned many times that voice is coming but not clear) . 
So please, Don't believe on flipkart return policy and think twice before buying from flipkart. 
Many thanks to Flipkart.  
 I was eagerly waiting for Moto G3 and I booked immediately it showed on Flipkart.
When I placed by order, it was showing only 1 OFFER as applied (which is airtel free sim).
The website had advertised that there are 6 offers including a chance for money back.
I thought these are implied even though they don't show up on my order. I didn't want it to go out of stock.
But after an hour the website started showing all 6 offers against the product. I immediately contacted customer care knowing that I had placed order even before they made the offers active.
But it has been 2 weeks and so far I have got 4 replies from Flipkart telling what the launch day offers are instead of updating my order. I'm tired of this. Only now I'm realizing how bad their customer care is cs@flipkart.com. Is there any other channel where we can raise this issue? 
 I had purchased this product with launch offers. It got delivered yesterday i.e.3rd August but I didn't get any offer. On calling Flipkart customer care I was told that offers should have been redeemed by 2nd August 2015.I said this was no where mentioned.
I asked the representative that when I got the phone yesterday only then how can I redeemed the offer on 2nd August??? I was told that I should have checked with customer care.  
 I have placed the order on 29th July 15, received the mobile in 2 days and as soon as I switched on the mobile it was little bit heat, thought that would be for a while, but it was heating all the tym. Requested for replacement but CS team called me and asked me to perform troubleshooting steps..I have performed all steps but the temp is still 43.8 degrees. We cant carry a mobile which is heat all the tym. My hands become warm when I carry mobile. You can check the temp by *#4636#*#*. Again I placed a request for replacemnet, they are not replacing it. Overall not satisfied with Flipkart. I will write review again with the resolution I get after this request. 
 This is my second motorola phone purchased from Flipkart. 
I bought moto g last year when motorola phones were launched in India.
I am still using the same moto g with no problems. 
I bought moto g3 on the 1st day of its launch, seen little lag on some apps, has issues when turning on/off 3g data, it does not respond even after toggling the switch many times.
Gmail app is very slow with much lag. 
Coming to battery life, the battery spec on paper is good, but in real time the battery sucks, battery on 3 g last hardly for 4 hrs. My old moto g is far far better till date even after 1 year usage it last a full day charge on 3g. 
Coming to Flipkart offers, I got a Airtel 4G sim card along with phone which is a fake sim card, it has only 19 digits on the sim, which is pure crap good for nothing. 
Flipkart claims that its Airtel responsibility. 
Overall not satisfied with this purchase. 
Will return this Moto g3, but Flipkart is not responding on my return or replacement, 
 Good phone with a Value for money proposition.  
Any update on plethora of offers which were given just for the name sake... 
Any body has been among the lucky 100 to get full cashback or Moto Watch??? 
 Writing this review after using it for one week. Really gud experience, smooth touch response moto g satisfies its promises. Disappointing thing is Airtel double data offer. They wont give u double data offer as promised. Airtel is fooling their customers. No issues with the product and delivery. Battery will last for whole day. one star only for airtel 
 this is the best phone in this segment.
totally smooth, great touch response...
you wont find better phone in this segment.
camera quality is truly amazing.
guyzz go for it...
you wont be disappointed..
Motorola you won my heart..
I would have given more than five star if it would be possible.
Received the phone within one day...
Flipkart service is extraordinary. 
 Whatsapp and Facebook calling features aren't working properly, as soon as the speakerphone was turned on during a VOIP call, these applications started to crash and the phone hanged. This in turn made all of the speakers in the phone to collapse and now there was no audio. In a nutshell, after turning on the speakerphone on Whatsapp and Facebook calls, the speaker system of the phone stops working and causes other applications to crash with it.  
I lodged a complaint on Flipkart and luckily my phone was replaced after attempting a troubleshoot. The new phone arrived today and unfortunately this also has the same set of problems. Tried installing, re-installing and updating Facebook and Whatsapp from Play Store but no hope! I even factory reset my phone but the problem persisted. 
 I give a very bad rating to Flipkart.I ordered a Moto G3 mobile and it got delivered before mentioned time but I did not find the camera good with respect to other brands and I requested for return just after 30mins of delivery.They did not take back that item and helped me.
I am not at all satisfied with the service Flipkart has provided me.Henceforth I will never order anything from Flipkart.com. 
 Repent buying such a dumb piece. The 13000 price tag is worthless. Even if its waterproof, its useless for me, as i dont remember dropping any of my previous phone in water. 
Pros:
1-Just the front cam. Rear cam is creepy.
2-UI is simple to use 
Now here comes the long list of cons.
Cons:
1-Heats more than a iron. It can actually be used for ironing clothes.
2-Pathetic battery backup.
3-Bad rear camera.
4-Something wrong with software. Regularly, shows no contacts exists.
5-Benchmark score more or less same as Micromax phones.
6-Music quality not so good even with senniser headphones.
7-Hangs up more often. 
I suggest you guys, go for lenovo or samsung phones instead. Big NO-NO from my side. 
 in starting mobile was working in tip top condition
but by 1 month there many problems such as heating by talking for only 10 minutes. 
network issue is the biggest issue for moto g3. in calling voice is cutting by several times.
over period of time no network no network.... by several times. 
also display is not good. 
 Phone starts heating within 20 minutes of use , the screen gets unbearably hot and battery drains down like anyything 
 its heating after 5 min camera use and multitasking, and hanging sometime like touch is not working u need to press power off button to work it again. 
And There are Vertical lines in display which u can see easily in sunlight while display is on or not.
i requested to return but 7 days pass out in testing to take final dicision to replace the phone and after this all flipkart is saying that pickup facility is not available in your city. 
 i purchased this product on 3rd august 2015. thanks for the flipkart's one day delivery. 
I started using phone with single sim (till date). phone getting heated up while charging from day one. charger is also heating. as i am using 3g network, when i run multiple applications phone starts heating. its screen is heating like frying pan. u cant touch it to your face while on call.
Battery is draining like a hell. i have charge it 2-3 times a day using normal internet.
if u keep phone data enable at night, u will get shocked by battery % in the morning. sometime u will find that battery is totally empty and phone is switch off.
MOTO assist functions like double shaking for torch light and double twisting for camera works according to phones mood.
camera quality is good.
sound is not sufficient for playing songs.
The headset provided in the box is i think from the Moto 1st generation, Moto must take this headset concern seriously. 
 Overall i was happy with the phone until i came across this problem. The voice quality during incoming and outgoing calls is very poor, while the phone on the other side rings the complete seems to be vibrating. There is no clarity in the voice at all lots of disturbance during calls. My samsung S duos is far better and serves the purpose. I am really disappointed. 
 The Moto G3 is awesome phone if you go with the day to day performance. The battery life is good, call quality is clear. The build quality looks premium Inclusion of 2 GB ram makes the phone lag free.  
But the only problem in the phone is its display. No not the resolution. I'm more than happy with a 720p display. Its more than good enough for me. The type of display used by Motorola is very cheap. I never had that problem with my Moto G2.  
The only medium which is used for whole interaction with underlaying hardware and software is the DISPLAY. IF YOU USE A CHEAP DISPLAY, it doesn't matter how big is your hardware or how much you have optimized the software. All the manpower, all the hard-work you have spent on the particular device to make it successful is lost if you use such type of CHEAP DISPLAY. 
If you look the phone screen in full brightness from different angles, than you can clearly see number of lines on the whole display. Mostly visible in green, yellow and white. Just open the flipkart app and try. If not than you are lucky.  
Thanks to flipkart for the replacement and after that for refund. 
FOR A 13K PHONE SUCH DISPLAY IS UNACCEPTABLE.  
EXCEPT FOR THE DISPLAY PHONE IS ROCK SOLID. 
 i used this product for 24 hours & after using i write my honest review : Moto G 3rd gen was a very premium phone loaded with new water resistant feature. Phone looks very premium and handy. 
1.Phone has got good structure and its back pannel gives you a perfect Grip.
2.got 2 gb ram ..phone was goin smoothest even on moto g 2, 1gb ram was also smoothest for all moto like E 2 and Moto G.
3.Camera front 5 mp & rear 13 mp with dual tone LED flash, both camera's gives u high quality pictures & joy of clicking.
 4.Battery life is awesome,motorola give us a new dual usb port charger,its look premium & i used this for my two divices at the same time :)
5.Sound quality was pretty good and clear.
6.Moto display was unique.viewing angles are classy !
7.call quality was good .
* Conclusion : Overall it is a premium phone and suits on all age group like students,employees,also buisnessmans. It is a totally worthy product at this price range...Go for it folks !    
 Even though there are phones with better cpu/gpu specs in this price range on the market, this phone offers the best overall experience. Here are the things you should consider :- 
1.NO Bloatware
Most companies stuff their devices with unnecessary apps and launchers that use ram and phone memory that are only good at making the phone lag.This has no bloat thus more storage. 
2.Near Vanilla Android experience
Moto phones are the only devices that offer the stock nexus like android experience which is smooth and lag free. 
3.WATERPROOF!!!
YES, you can dip this phone in up to 3 feet of fresh water for up to 30 minutes, how many phones can do that at this price. 
4.Lag Free Experience
Even though its cpu is not as fast as say the mi4i or zenphone 2 the difference isn't much, also there is virtually no lag during real time usage of this phone. 
5.Smooth Gaming experience
This phone can hold its on while playing all kinds of heavy games like asphalt 8 at high settings and modern combat 5. 
6.Top Dollar Build Quality
Believe me when I say that this phone looks and feels like a flagship phone in your hand. 
7. Exclusive Moto features 
Features like shake to open camera, chop to open flash and ambient display are extremely useful and convenient to have. 
Overall i am happy for what i got at this price and i hope you will be too :D 
 Zero accessories support, no screen guard fits it, there is no motorola back cover in stock for moto G third gen. who so ever are pricey Rs 999  
If the motorola can't support its market needs than what is the purpose of launching it. 
The issue of dual sim network catching at the same time continues. It shows no network multiple times for either of sim. 
Good Publicity Rushed to Great Sales But Bad Product & Market Support will Impact Motorola in long term 
 ...................Moto G 3............
First of all , Thank you for reading my review.
I have order this phone on lunch day, I got this before the expected delivery date. So, Thank you flipkart of your sales and service.
This phone is really awesome. It have great feature and best hardware configuration.
I know you guys are know the specification, You may see it on flipkart page.
the phone moto g3 have unique feature at low cost, Its water proof, I have tested it and it really works under water... wooow cools, In my area, Its moonsoon, i can talk easily on rain, I did it and felt awesome, Some of them looking at me like a crazy boy,, But im crazy because of moto g3, love you mto g3.
It comes with pure android , we take this advantage like Google nexus. It seems great.
Motorolla have great feature like Apple, I love their hardware configuration. They make great ram management on their phone. Ram management is really cools. I have install lots of game but the ram use only 600 mb, and rest is free, what you need more.
It have not full hd display but the display is awesome like ratina sun display, I have tested it on sun light but It does not effected and showed as normal. Corning gorrila glass 3 is good. 
Under 13k there are many good phone available, Like k3, mi4 i, yu plus ,asus zenfone 2 etc all are comes with good specification and they have full hd display but one problem that ram management. I have used mi4i and zenfone 2, both phon have heat problem and poor ram, Guys dont be confuse , If you want to buy pure android phone I will recommend you buy this phone, It have lots of unique feature. 
It comes with new version of ios, Next version will be upgradebal , Camera is also good 13 mp, it will beat mi4i, front camera 5 mp is also for selfi lover. I have not any heat issue and battery back up is also good, It have 2500+ mah. Battery is purely optimisation for mto g3. It can beat 3000 Mah. 
Im sure you will not regret it if you buy this phone. 
LOVE you FLIPKART............. AB HAR WISH HOGI PURI....................... 
 I upgraded to a moto g3 16 G smart ph after using using samung ace phone for 4- 5 years. Hence I had NO HABIT of notification lights or hi fi gamings. Also am not a geek or very tech savvy to root my old samsung ph.  
I baught this moto g3 coz it met my need of internal space and was water resistant. I was worried about switching to MOTO and reading the negative reviews made me nervous . STILL I decided to try it out hoping for the best.  
It functioned well as in comparison to my old one. I full charged it in the day and the battery dead at night. Still the battery is NOT that great ! if u use ur ph continuously *screen on* , the battery will die in 8 hours :/  
About heating , it DID HEAT but upto 43 degree Centigrade when i tried a bit of gaming - uninstalled it thereafter. When I CALLED UP FLIPKART about the heat, as you cant touch the screen when its above 40 , they said that moto has 48 degree margin of heating. below which is normal (unit is not faulty) :/ .. yea sure 
NOW today morning when i woke up the bloody phone is dead for no reason at all, i put it in charging thinking that it is out of charge and dead. BUT guess what , any dead phone shows the battery at-least when plugged in to charge - my MOTO g3 DID NOT SHOW THAT ALSO. its not getting switched on - NOTHING. Without any reason it is dead in after just a month. The moto service people checked the hardware too and it was perfect - there was NO HARM DONE FROM MY SIDE , the phone's software flipped out on its own and its a brick . ... ANY ONE WANTS AN AUTOMATIC BRICK / PAPER WEIGHT?!! -_- of 12999 .  
I gave it to the service center - who very conveniently weren't available on any of their online displayed number, which cost me great UNCONVINCED in finding the location, and they tabbing me to a different branch who is dealing with moto g series --_-- , and i faced another location hunt . (I could almost win ROadies now) 
Anyway the service people checked my phone for external harm done - which was none. I TOOK great CARE of it! , and said that it has some software issues and took the phone for one week repair time.  
Dear Motorola , I get that you guys want make cheap phones - but making them soooo cheap that it can only be used for PAPERWEIGHT AFTER JUST ONE MONTH?!! also 12999 is might be a low amount according to some - but it is still an amount - that kinda money is worth something! please don't fool people who take a chance with your brand.  
at the end dear buyers . whether my phone will come back in a functional state is uncertain guys - that depends on the customer service people - and I have less hopes  
 SO BEWARE :( BAD SERVICE HORRIBLE PHONE 
 I'm a Moto Fan. Have been using many Moto phones.
1. Camera is same as Nexus.
2. Has MotoX software features, which makes you feel great :)
3. With moderate usage on WiFi - More than 24 hours(4 hours screen on time)
4. Phone feels great in hand.
5. Features a 5MP front cam, Nexus 6 comes with 2MP.
6. I have installed 64 apps and there is 800 MB free space. (on a 2GB variant)
7. Screen resolution same as Moto G1 and G2. Expected a lot more in G3 :( 
Do not compare this phone with Honor, Zenphone, Xiomi. This is a class phone :) 
 Hi all, 
This is my honest review on Moto G3. 
I was using Samsung Grand duos before I bought Moto G3. 
Bought this phone with lot of expectations only to be disappointed!!! 
Although this phone seems to be a good package for 13K, after using it for two days, I felt I wasted 13K on this one. 
Call clarity is very poor and also there is buzzing sound in the background. It hurts when basic feature of call clarity itself is poor. I felt call clarity is far better in other low cost handsets compared to this one. 
There is no in built 3x4 keyboard as well. 
I was so upset with the call clarity, I exchanged the phone on day 2 for Samsung A7. 
Overall, I would not recommend this phone to anyone who is looking for good voice clarity.  
 I am using this mobile since 33 days. 
1. Always there is confusion in this mobile which one is TOP and which in BOTTOM. 
2.1947 style ear phone which is not good. it hurts a lot when we pluged into our ear. 
3. There is no FILE MANAGER. its like we have All branded Furniture, Cars, Bikes to keep this there is no house.
4. In FM Radio we have the option to record the songs. once we start recording there is no option to stop or cancel. even if we save that record. we can not delete from there. if we want to delete from file manager there is no file manager in this mobile.
5. We have Hotspot in this mobile. the problem in this there is no place to see how many devices are connected to my network.
6. The Navigation icon are placed on the screen(Back, Home and Recent Tasks). the problem in this waste of screen space. there is lot space at the bottom to keep this icons
7. There is no reboot option. we must switch off and switch on once again if we need
8. If we put sim card into mobile or if we replace the existing sim card we must swith off and switch on(there is no reboot) the mobile to enable sim card. otherwise we wont get network
9. Battery life is not good
10. Using dual sim Signal getting last.
11. All the time it wont support OTG cable
12. I dont know why they gave two usb port in Charger. but they only one cable
13. There is a problem in speaker. the ohter hand guy not able to here my voice properly
14. same specification phone we can get more lesser than this price
15. After 6 monthe or 1 year this will come up with new version. and they reduce the old version phone prices. we can't sell this phone less than half of ths price. 
there are much more faults in this phone so read some other negative reviews to know more 
so my suggestion is to don't buy this phone if you used any other smartphone early 
Thanks 
 The long wait for this phone to be released seems fruitful.. 
ONE OF THE BEST phone in this price bracket.
The hand on exp of the phone was fantastic. Please find the inputs after usage: 
Pros-
1) 13MP back camera
2) IPX7 water resistance
3) Almost stock android
4) Changeable back color cells 
Cons-
1) Batter 2470mAh, could have been better
2) Quad core processor, could have been Oct core
3) Notification at a glace feature not up to the mark 
Detailed review will follow after a months usage.
P.S.- 5 stars coz the phone is osm, irrespective of its minimal flaws. 
 this phone is a beauty ...Motorola has kept it simple and given what the customer want (although a better chip would have great) budget phone with a great camera and battery life .
 Flipkart is excellent as always n very quick to deliver the product , 
But I received damaged product ..there is a tear in plastic cover inside the top speaker grill and there is a airline crack on the left top corner on phone frame .. I have requested for a replacement from Flipkart ,will update after Flipkart product specialist calls me tommorow . 
Overall great phone ,with best camera in segment and Moto apps are great helps specially moto display (saves a lot of battery)   
 I received the package on very next day on 30th July of which i ordered on 29th July 9.33AM. The product was in good condition and no defect till as of now.  
Well coming to the Moto G 2015, I am not that satisfied :
1- Camera - I dont see much difference in camera as it looks same as MOTO G2 only the pixels increased and pics same as washed out like MOTO G2.
2 - Design - Bezels are too thick & it really not fitting my eyes, And worst part the gap between the front 1st speaker and screen is bit awkward, as there should be some moto logo or any branding in it.
3 - NO NOTIFICATION LIGHT in MOTO G 2015 as it was there in MOTO G 2014. it was crucial thing whenever a miscall or msgs arrive how we suppose to know, do we have to pick up phone slightly and then we will get to see whether any noti is there or not.
4 - Same screen size :(
5 - Same screen resolution as previous
6 - I dont know still the price should be less nothing much changes done in the cell.
7 - they should have added more sensors atleast. :P 
8 - the headphone jack does not fit well in the phone as you can see that jackconecting space is oval in shape not round.. Thinking should I replace or anybody else facing this issue. 
Pros:
1- 2GB Ram - though i have put custom ROM Titan Prime ROM on MOTO G2 which i get 800mb free which is very enough for smooth running of apps.
2- Camera 13MP & 5MP - i dont know how much it will get benefited.
3- 4G - they have added 4G, In india 3G runs in great difficulty, how cum 4G will run. 
4- 2470Mh is a good addition to the battery. 
Well this is due all point of view for the Handset,  
On basis of the product i am giving the rating. 3/5
Flipkart Delivery - 5/5 
 Glass have been broken. they said its corning gorilla glass but it has been broken into pieces. DONT BUY THIS PRODUCT......... I BOUGHT THIS ON LAUNCH WITHIN TWO MONTHS TOUCH DID NOT WORK PROPERLY FINALLY THE DISPLAY BROKEN .... 
 5 day use krne ke baad pta lga ke product to bhot acha hai . par kuch kamiya hai
1. superior side ka forhead size bda hai (as campare to motog 2 and moto e) jis se ph ka size to bda ho gya or screen 5 inch hi reh gyi.
2. notification ligjt hai nahi. jo ki honi cahiye
3. battery backup thik hai kuch jayada acha nahi hai. har 3 min me 1 percent jati hai songs sunane pe. moto g or moto e jayada thik h for battery backup.
4. loudspeakr quality achi hai par stereo nahi hai ye.
5. heat ki problem bhi hai par bhot jayada heat nahi hota .thoda heat hota hai back se or display bhi heat hoti hai.
6. headphone to bilkul bakwas hai.
7. thoda sa havey hai 150 g.. compass nahi hai moto g2 me hai.
--advantage
8. hang bilkul nahi hota.
9. charge fast hota hai with 1150 mah
10. charger me dual port charging system hai
11. front camera awsome and wide angle lens
12. waterproof fully par backcover pura lock hona cahiye wrna out of warrnty 
 Thanks to FLIPKART for their fast delivery.
Its far better than other phones in this price range.
Pros: 
1. 2 GB RAM & 16 GB ROM
2. Best camera & picture quality, especially the selfie one... awesome
3. IPX7 Water Resistance
4. Corning Gorilla Glass 3
5. Its pure Android v5.1.1 (Lollipop) OS
6. Dual SIM with 4G
7. Unique features: Moto Display, Assist, Migrate, Alert apps from Motorola.
8. Flash Light and the Camera gestures. 
Cons: 
1. Earphones are not up to the mark.
2. Non-removable battery. 
My updated review after one month of usage. 
 2 times I bought this phone and both the time it heats.
Front camera is ok not good but rear worst camera I have ever used.
This phone is completely waste of money. 
 I am buy the moto g 3 rd gen last week back its not good phone getting heated heavily and also when I play the car race the mobile strucked so I can restarted again when I raise the request for flikart they say that install some app or meet the motog support center . 
 This is only water resistance phone not a water proof or any type of liquid proof phone. The gorilla glass quality is very bad. I used these phone 17 days any I got already 3-4 scratches on the display. Till today I can't find my 2GB RAM. The front camera like a VGA Camera and the rear camera like a ordinary china phone camera. These phone is very slow. When I open multi apps these phone gone hang. I can't see these type of cheaper headphone in my life. Sensor system is very bellow quality. Don't go for these phone. These phone was only waste of money. I am very unsatisfied with these phone. 
 It is a very good phone, no overheating, average battery life, support high level games, but if you are looking for a phone having a very good camera quality, just DO NOT go for it.
It produces red light effect with the flash, very poor camera as compared to MI 4. 
 Battery life is not so as expected . Camera quality is too poor .Fisrt time i got that camera is so bad. Not getting good resolution as Asus Zenfone 2 laser-Its camera quality is awesome. 
Elsewhere everything is good in this phone . Love it 
 compared to 2nd gen mobile, no much difference than waterproof and updation of camera... 
But Overheating problem is more in this device.
Even if i raised this concern with technical person of this customer care team they simply said that if the temp is more than 45 degrees, then only its and issue.
But i observed that it is simply crossing when we on location and data and browse somthing.... 
Finally nothing great to buy this product, as i am mentioning this after using Moto G1 and Moto G2. 
 I took this phone for my dad who is a moderate user. I thought it would be a very good device based on its specifications and most of all i felt it would be reliable.
within few days of use the phone would switch off randomly at any time without any indication. At first I though he might have done it by accident.
its been only 20 days now since i bought it and it kept repeating over and over again until finally one day it switched off during an ongoing call.
I immediately placed a return request then i received a link from flipkart to install an app "SmartChk" which is from an unknown source (not on the play store) and keep it ready before i receive a call from Technical person from Flipkart for further review. however after few hours of installing the app, the phone has switched off and wont turn on any more even with full battery charge. And i havent received any call from flipkart yet.
I don't know what to do at this stage. I have bought a lot of devices from flipkart that have worked fine but for the first time i have faced a problem with a product and there is no one to help. I must say i am disappointed with the way flipkart has handled the situation so far. I hope they will respond to this comment at the earliest.
I am very disappointed with the device and its performance. I would strictly recommend not to buy this device. 
 I ordered motoG3 after using motoE for over a year. But i was supposed to be harassed. As usual Flipkart did deliver it pretty fast. I used the phone but was not happey with the battery backup. So i took a replacement. . Still the issue persisted. So i had to go for refund. Now all you need to know:
1. Pretty fast. No useless pre installed app as is case with moto.
2. Camera is pretty good. But on sing it for long battery drainage is very high.
3. Quit a good built and a good feel holding it.
4. No lag.
5. Heating is OK. 
But the BATTERY which i had read in many reviews as being good is pretty average. With moderate usage 10hr backup was all i got.
SO if battery isnot a issue and you use your phone pretty less you may go for it. 
 I bought this mobile just about a month back and following are facts you should keep in mind before you decide to buy one
a) Its very sluggish in operation
b) battery although is 2470 mAh lats not more than 12-14 hours without any music/games and that too with very very limited use of internet and calls.
c) There is something seriously wrong with soft ware installed when Mr A calls on phone display shows Mr B is calling
d) In-spite of being brand new I have to get it repaired just in 5 weeks time which has never happened with any mobile which I previously purchased
So please make up your mind before you choose this offer 
 since last 1 week I am having frequent auto-disconnection from my mobile [link removed] wont come back until I power off the device and then switch it on again. I have tried using other service providers' sim also in both the slots. All the sim were original micro-sim (not cropped). i raised a complaint. as per their advice i did clear cache partition and did a factory reset. still the problem persists. i have searched motorola users' forum and found that this bug is faced by lot of other moto g3 users globally and motorola has also acknowledged it.  
now the main part, i am absolutely disgusted with this issue as i dnt know when my ph is disconnected on its own. I am missing important calls because of this and motorola isn't still up with a solution. 
Better avoid this phone and go for another device 
 con's-: 
1,There is loss of mobile networks frequently 
2,even though moto says waterproof,water gets into the backcover even if,spill a little. 
3,most of the times people on the other side cant hear anything while calling,the most wicked part.vice-versa 
4,battery charging time is too long u need to wait for 3 hours 
5,camera is just for name sake but selfie justifies in this matter 
6,display panel seems like some china devices 
7,battery will not stay for a whole day without wifi & 4g,if 4g is on it will stand for 8 hours 
then what is the use of owning this device just waste of money....... 
i'm writing this review after 1.5 months of usage... 
so make a right decision   
 i used recently lenovo k3 note after that i used this phone but this device call voice quality is very poor k3 note is best i cant except from Motorola to compromise the quality 
 I received it before two days .
-I charged it to 100% and still it is at 30% which is quite Impressive. 
-Performance of 1.4 GHZ octa-core is fabulous , Totally lag-free and butter smooth performance. 
-Battery saver feature is working fine as it saves a lot battery ,which is helpful if you are out on the trip or vacation. 
-Build quality is very good , material used is of good quality and good finishing, slim piece, back cover is attractive as well as designed such as it maintains grip in the hand. 
-Screen clarity is also good ,gives truly high definition experience. 
- Speaker sound is also good and clearly audible when phone is in pocket.No deficiency in speaker  
-Gestures are newly introduced and designed in very good way. 
-One lag in phone is in camera although camera quality is good but it gives over-sharpened Images . Edges of object in image does not look smooth . Flash quality is good (For both side camera). 
Although it is negligible problem of camera compare to other features and this product is totally worth buying. True value for money. 
 Booked on 29 th July delivered at Bhilai on 01-08-2015 though I have to collect the same from Delhivery office, poor response from customer care representative of Delhivery, but good response from office Team. 
Spec :- Seem to be good as it will be very early to say anything...Moto Migrate Perfect thing to transfer data from your old phone to new phone. 
Camera - Good Response.(Rear & Front)
Battery - Can take load of extensive uses of Data, Video, Downloads and gaming 14 hrs at least. 
Call Quality - Seems to be good, little less sound to others. 
Performance - No Lags in Last 24 Hrs in Game, switching in between apps also checked with TV worked perfect. 
Yet review is in very short period, will update all after 15 days of uses at least. 
Cons- Music Player & File Manager.   
 I don't want to repeat comments on the specs & technical stuff. From a common man's view this is just an amazing phone. Thanks flipkart for your "threatening" fast delivery. I ordered on 29 July 7.30 am and got delivery on 30 July 4.00 pm. Just started to use the phone today ( 01 August 2015). Got my contacts transferred and gave it a try. So far the phone is smooth to use. No hang or delay. 
Main attractions are: 
* water proof feature. ( I know it means it can be used under water. LOL. It'll keep out of tensions in case of accidental falls in water.
* 13 MP rear cam & 5 MP front cam does a wonderful job.
* 5" screen is amazing. I don't feel bad eventhough it lacks full HD. I'm satisfied with 720p display. 
V.I: One thing to mention. The device is waterproof only if you use the Original Moto flip cover. It's priced near 2K. That is quite high for a 13K phone in my opinion. The bundled offer gives you a discount. Still it's costly. 
 There are a very few mobile phones in the mid range which meets my expectation. Since the moto g came out i wanted to buy it but as i had a phone at that time i missed out on it. When G 2n gen came out i waited for some time and bought it. I had a bad experience with it as the second sim card slot stopped functioning after 3 months. Then I did hard reset and it started functioning again but all the apps were to be installed again.  
G3 was just launched and as soon as I saw the ad i couldnt resist. Even though G2 gave me a hard time the software updates, and smooth clean and virgin android experience was too much to let go. So I ordered it with an exchange offer and got it for ~9000.  
Now about the mobile - 
1) display is a same (bit of a letdown), but 720p saves battery. for me the battery runs for more than 24 hours after a full charge with wifi and mobile internet usage. 
2) software experience is very smooth - added feature of moto assist including security features automatically disabling when i reach home, and enabling at work, driving and all other features are really helpful.
3) Double chop for flashlight and twisting for camera is handy when u really need them
4) No LED notification light is a real letdown.
5) IPX 7 means the phone can be washed (i did but do not recommend to others)
6) voice quality is good
7) I do not use LTE as i really do not need it, but those who do - the phone does have the functionality
8)Camera is nothing out of ordinary- do not expect sg s6
9) Gorilla glass makes it scratch proof but be careful as it cost nearly as much as the device itself; to replace it. Use a flip cover for safety
10) 2 GB ram makes it quite snappy 
That is all I have after one day of usage. This device is very much like an android one device - it recieves all updates, it is very smooth and it gives a clean android experience for those who hate bloat. I would recommend it to people but if you are a moto g 2nd gen user, u can wait for somedays. At least till the exchange offer is up again.Otherwise wait for something better to upgrade. IMHO you can wait till g 4th gen and give this one a skip if you want to.  
***edit*** 
I have been using this phone for more than a month now. The experience has been same. There has been virtually no lag. However there is a minor issue - if the phone goes into battery saver mode lag issues occur. It is because of the processor decreasing the power usage. It is not a problem though but lag is visible. It dissapears as soon as mobile is charged. The battery remains phenomenal, with light usage and bit of browsing over wifi it can go through 48 hours of usage. However if you are planning to use GPS you better charge your phone. 
 Writing about some stuff not clear from specs 
1. Phone config is pretty much standard in most of the phones from 7k to 20k. Snapdragon 410 is relatively lightweight processor, but keeps the phone running smooth
2. Has compass, though not mentioned in specs 
3. No notification led. Even Moto E 1st gen had it, so no clue why it has been removed
4. Phone runs a bit warm, but not hot. Temp usually is 37-40, but doesn't goes higher for anything. Can't say it won't if you watch a full movie or play a resource heavy game 
5. There are latches around the camera as well,to seal it against water. When closed properly, you won't see any gap between back panel and the metal strip on the back
6. Camera quality is good, but best get another camera app
7. Speaker quality is not so great 
Overall, this phone has pretty much everything needed from a good device. And, because of plain lollipop without a layer of UI and apps added by manufacturer, runs smooth, leaves plenty of RAM for other apps and is light on battery as well 
 Pro:
- Stunning Looks 
- The Clarity of Screen resolution is awesome 
- Best Call Quality Trust me the call drops in my area is huge but i have had not even a single call drop or voice breaking.
- Touch sensitivity is awesome in this price range.
- Awesome delivery time by Flipkart. 
Cons:
- Camera Quality is good but not mind Blowing.
- The Sim port is a bit tight and also the memory card slot is a bit tight and hard if u have to change it often.
- The SIM that comes with the package is showing a roaming sign which means they have not provided the local sim of the place from where i have purchased which is a issue. 
Overall if want a phone with best call Quality and performance this is the best phone in its range...  
 First of all Kudos to FK for delivering within 48hrs of ordering the phone.
I'm a moto fans since decade, was eagerly waiting for moto G to get lauched and as we all know it was an amazing reentry by mobile phone inventer MOTOROLA.
and had ordered that without sleeping on Feb 6th 2014.
And was ragging that since then.
Now this phone may not be as good as on specs compared to some chinese brands , but compared to samsung J5 which is same as this but lacks many features,moto g3 stands out tall. 
Pros:
2GB RAM
Not so bulky (I can never forget home Gen1 fits and feel, it's a gem)
and since this is a little bigger than that, I found good in hand.
PPI is ok ok, clear screen
13MP + 5MP yet to be checked 
battery is good
Water resistance yet to be checked 
overall on first day I felts it's a worthy upgrade from my legendary gen1. should check and will review asap. 
 while the camera and battery performance are indeed at an acceptable level, we particularly liked the overall stability and experience that the smartphone offers; something we believe users at every price point deserve. 
 Nice Product. Motorola has seriously work on many area of this Phone, Camera is good & Build Quality is fine(expecting Metal Body :P). Back panel looks awesome.
Received Product on Time, thanks to One day delivery option. 
 Superb mobile......No issues with the device ...Much better than lenovok3 note.
Pure Android experience same as in Google Nexus devices...It still stands in best mobile contendors even in 2016 with many competitors offering higher specifications at lower price 
 the internal phone storage is only 12 GB which was mention as 16 GB during the time of purchasing. Moreover the phone functioning is absolute smooth. 
 Don't buy it... Display quality is very cheap, it can shatter for very small drop. Not sure whether it has passed drop test... 
 I have ordered this phone on 19th and got it on 22nd of April. I am sharing my experience after using this phone for 2 days. 
Android : Updated to Marshmallow 6.0.1
Display : Excellent
Camera : Excellent
Speed : Good
Hardware : 2GB, 16GB 
I can only say that, this is the best phone in this price range....  
 Using this phone for six months. No issues. Drop down menu not as simple as Mi4i. Sound quality average. Camera doesn't switch on rotational shakes often, torchlight does. 4G LTE non-compliant. Still good product for heavy duty use under 9K. 
 I got Moto G 3rd Generation, with Gorilla glass 3 which is non breakable and damage free. After using it 20 days believe me touch glass broken automatically. 
 Heating badly even 2 minute video call makes it heat. 
Other seems ok.
Camera is ok, memory utilization seems ok, 
 Hi guys..I've been using my moto g3 from past 3months ...no issue till now except the battery mAh...got a gud experience by moto ...it's worth under 11k bucks,,,and thanks for flipkart for its faster delivery... 
 This is my review after 6 months of usage, Mobile is lag free, after the upgrade of marshmallow(6.0.1)battery backup is super cool I'm able to access upto 19 hours without battery saver mode, loudspeaker is awesome and I don't feel any kind of disturbances, 4G connectivity works fine, camera clarity is 101% better both in day and night, display is sturdy, touch functions excellently, design is good, my device doesn't get heated up(Normally temp goes upto 37C), even i can able to play heavy games like Asphalt 8, Nova 3 and many more, water resistant feature works well, Flipkart now a days started selling refurbished products to the customer, so it's better to buy from Moto maker b'coz we can select our own design and place the order, I had paid extra 2k INR to purchase from Moto maker and it took 10 days to ship the product to India from USA and another 3 days to deliver at my door step, Thankya Moto maker...!!! 
 Let me first begin by saying that I grew up watching people use Nokia, Blackberry and Motorola. Samsung , Sony, Apple, Xiaomi were not there with their revolution. So in this age of Samsung and Apples, I personally never thought that my first phone would still end up being a MOTOROLA. I bought the MotoG back in 2013 when it came out and now I have upgraded to its 3rd generation. 
I have been using the 3rd generation for a while now and would not like to bore the reader by repeating the specs of the phone. Although I might use them to weigh the Pros and Cons. 
Note- Might be a big review.
Pros:- 
1. Build Quality - Exceptional. Top grade. (5/5) 
2. Looks - On the images it might look a bit sluggish but in your hand, its a wonder. The .Five inch Screen combined with the back body design and the jet black screen gives a premium vibe to it. (4.5/5) 
3. Specs - Game changing. Not many phones can boast of these specs at such a low price. The specifications mentioned are again exceptional. Brute (High Usage) users as well as Simple users have something for them. (5/5) 
4. Battery - Lasts a day at Mid to Heavy Usage. Expected from a smartphone. I went for low usage ( Calls and Priority messages with Low Gaming and internet usage plus some Photography) as well and it lasted well over 3 days in battery saver mode. (4/5) 
5. User Interface (UI) - Stock android. Means close to nothing changed from what has been released by Google. Helps get the Phone updated as the updates roll out ( v6.0 on mine). The phone itself comes with 5.1.1 (Lollipop) and as soon as I got it it notified me of the Marshmallow ( 6.0) update.
It is easy to understand even for first time android users. So yes to it. (4.5/5) 
6. Camera- I am an amateur mobile photographer, so camera is a need. At this price range, The camera is very good. Now of course don't expect Pureview (Nokia) or Apple like images.
 A considerable improvement from 1st Gen. Zoomed photos are clearer while normal (no zoom) are exceptional. The colours are great. Low light could be a sore point (expected at this price range) but for those like on Marriage Ceromonies ( Night), The flash holds well.
 Great camera for Personal Use. Selfies are good. For Photograhy, umm, I suggest download the Snapseed (Google) app and the Google Camera app. Selfies, maybe B612 or Candycam app will do. (4/5) 
7. 4G - I got the phone with an Airtel 4G ready Sim and I must say, I am really happy that I got it. Top notch. Checked my Idea 3G Sim and it was also Working great. 
( In terms Of Connectivity and Data Downloads.) 
( Note- 4G is exactly what i expected it to be. Truly takes the cake. Not Much Comparison with 3G though as I said, its all good.)
Remeber the Sim card is a MICRO SIM. you'll have to get your Sim card cut. Any mobile Vender or Those from whom you buy your sim recharges must be having the cutting tools. Also this is not a Con. every new phone woks on Micro or Nano sim now, so don't expect to find anything else.  
8. Speakers- Both on the front. Good Sound Quality. (4.5/5) 
Now for the Cons. Not many. 
1. Non removable Battery. Yes, Cannot be removed. But i understand that as they are trying to waterproof your phone. It is for your own Benefit but still feels a bit odd. Nothing that bad.
2. Screen Guard. Comes Painted on with the specifications and cannot be erased ( 1st Gen it could be erased.) So you HAVE to take of that Screenguard. Wont affect you much as Groilla Glass 3 is used, but still, it does not feel right. 
Apart from that I haven't found any cons as such. I'll edit if I do find one. 
Overall- a Great, value for money phone. Feels wrong to buy a phone worth 20k at around 11k :P but hey, I am not complaining. ;) 
If you find the review helpful do like it so that others can see it as well. 
 Yesterday I got a phone.
It was working awesome, RAM management is extraordinary.
Now I feel like to using I phone 6.
But Its better than I phone 6.
And it has Water Resistance feature.
Now come to camera. Rear has 13MP and Front has 5MP.
when I touch and hold in camera mode, its taking continuous shot. And also it has Auto Focusing feature.
4G is working more faster than I phone 6 with Aritel network.
No more word to say about Moto G 3rd Gen.  
 I have been using this phone for more than 5 MONTHS. now and i would like to say that i am quite satisfied with the product as of now.Let me break it down in terms of pros and cons for you guys- 
Pros-  
Display : 4.5/5 (Cool display and is equally good to veiw it from extreme angles)
Camera : 4.5/5 (Super awsm camera for this price range, and quick capture feature is also awsm. Selfies in low light also came out pretty well and good.)
Call quality : 5/5 (Clear, crisp and good call quality)
Build Quality : 5/5 (Amazing build quality, fits in ur hand and light weight as compared to other mobiles in this range)
UI: 5/5 (feathery smooth)
Battery Life: 4.5/5 (After fully charging the battery, used the phone to extreme extent but still it had some power left till the end of the day. Thus it would last for a day fairly, if fully charged) 
Water proof: (Yes it is water proof, tested by placing it in water for some time, stil aftr taking it out, working fantasticly)
Screen : Thanks to gorilla glass, kept my phone in pocket with othr stuf, evn dropped it into bag full of stuff like keys, charger, compass, etc, but just wipe the screen and it seems as new evrytym. U wont need a flip cover for this. 
Cons: 1. Display- The first & d formost con that i noticed in this device was the display.It really annoyed me at first coz sometimes white looks a lil bit yellowish and color production isn't accurate as it should be.So if you're not so concerned about colors,just ignore it.You myt also not notice it in the day to day usage.So not a big issue,atleast for me! 
2. Heating issues:- Wasn't really an issue if you have asked me about the phone a week ago.Don't get me wrong,in normal usage you won't feel any heating problem on this device but when i play asphalt 8 for a long time,the screen panel do heats a little.Also,sometimes i have noticed that it gets warm while charging.
Go ahead folks, don't miss this cute thing..in such a good price.. MUST BUY !! 
 Very nice and my favourite phone.. 
Camera quality night effect little mistake.. Eyes are look one light effect.. 
 Good one value for money, performance is good photo quality is good
but getting heat very quickly, some time feel like hot plate in pocket i switch off the data connection immediately, no direct button available to on/off data, rest all is fine 
 a good phone with lollipop os but as soon as you update the os to marshmallow .....there are some cons like 
1.battery backup is reduced.
2.shaking feature is not working properly anymore.
3.a bit of other prob. which can be neglected.
Though updating the os gives better performance.
i would not recommend to update the os ..moto g3 is best with the factory version. 
 Best phone in the range of 9999 loved it must buy great features.. 
 Hi frnds I bought a moto g3 it really cool nd the body designing was superb .camera was good but I expected higher than which I got overall good camera and low light photos are good but getting heat when we use huge .internal memory was good .I got it before 4days of delivery date 
 * For the money a customer pay, the mobile is good value. 
* The battery lasts approx. 36hrs on moderate usage (2.5hrs of call, 2hrs of browsing on wifi, 30mins of 3G, few snaps\messages etc)
* OS is pretty stable, though the device tend to turn hot while running heavy apps for prolonged duration
* The picture quality is better than similar products which are chinese based. 
* The concern is price of after market products such as case\flip-cover etc for this model which is nearly 10% of the device cost.
* Plastic quality is not as premium as other devices used in our family : S3, Note2, A7 and Xolo Q2500 
** Recommended for those who wish to moderately use a mobile phone and would want to continue with a handset for more than a couple of years. 
 It has been 3 months now I have started using this phone and three days back suddenly the phone started behaving in an unusually manner and was not working. When I verified it, then got to know that there is a software problem. This shows that Motorola just launches the product without any testing. It not recommended to use this phone if you are looking for more than 3 months use. 
 Mobile looks good, but if i use mobile for more than 20 min it's heating like anything and customer service also not at all good 
 This is super phone in this budget.. 
1. Battery Back Up is powerful 1 day after full charged.
2. No heat issues
3. Games like asphalt 8 , need for speed run smoothly.
4.Phone is Updated With Marshmallow.
5.Camera is just awesome 13mp rear with dual flash n 5mp front is gud in light in dark it's low .. But that's not a problem.
6.Phone is smooth.
7.Sound quality is gud too.
8.Never hang.
9.16GB Internal Is gud n u will increase it too upto 32GB
10. I will give 10/10. giving 1st time this type of rating.  
Superbb phone at this range buy it blindly.  
 Ultimate camera, even front one. Good performance. bright & clear display, light weight and satisfactory battery backup. 
 Thanks flipkart once again for prompt delivery and good packaging.
I give this review after 48hrs of usage as my primary phone. Lets devide this review in some pros and cons.
1. Build quality- pros- very solid and compact. Back cover is really grippy. Metal like plastic rim is also very good. Side button quality is also ok.
cons- much more thick than its rivlal galaxy j5. But both having same size display moto is smaller in length, comfortable carrying inside pocket.
2. Display- above average. We should not expect led loke view. Colour is little warm ( cinematic mode). If display is the priority then you should opt for j5 or other device having amoled screen.
3. Battery- very average. It hardly lasts for a full working day (12-14 hrs) with moderate usage of phone calls and internet. This phone is not for gaming purpose. I think battery could have been better. Battery performance is much better in galaxy j5.
4. Internal hardware- no complaint at all. Even it is really good for antry level device. I cant find any lag or hanging issue, though it is only 48 hrs passed. Ram management is very good. Mine 1 gb ram is always free after installing 20 apps.
5. OS- it is given 5.1 out of the box. As soon as i set it up using wifi it showed system update android 6.0. After consulting with some of my friend using moto g, I downloaded and boot the device. Yes it runs marsmellow now fluently. 
6. Sound- call quality excellent. Music speaker volume superb. In ear volume a bit low and quality is average ( tested using sennheiser px 200 II )
VERDICT - You can go for this device blindly if 10k is your budget. You can not get a better package than moto offers here. The phone is really game changer. ( it has also water resistant feature, not tested and had no wish getting tested on my device, but this feature surely helps you accidental fall of water on this device) the phone though a bit thick and heavy looks very stylish and compact specially the black one ( in my opinion ). So go for it and welcome to the MOTO WORLD 
 Motorola significantly reduced sensors present in G2 when they transformed to G3. Motorola successfully fooled customers. Only camera is the better. 
 I am a long time user of motorola smart phones (starting with Motorola Defy). I always love motorola phones for ruggedness but always lacks in camera department. Finally motorola use a good camera module for the budget line phones. Camera really works in well natural light, at artificial light it performance is above average considering the low price 
 Its very good product....
camera is good
running very well without any slowing the process
looking is good
video quality is good
battery back up is good compared to its battery 
but the worse part is phone is getting heat when the data is used and its screen gets heat 
 I have received this in a day after booking, good service by flipkart 
but i have few issue with this phone......
-100% charged battery lasts in 6hrs i.e 9am to 3pm than again i have to put on charge.
- for 100% charging it takes 3 hrs 
-i ungraded the phone from lollipop to mash-mellow but its is not that much user friendly
- battery % not shows on main screen
- data ON OFF shortcut key is not there in pulldown menu
- E mail main body fond are too small ,if i zoom it that goes out of the screen , not fit to screen.
- no device memory for saving mobile numbers, you have to save on google account only. 
flipkart tell me what should i do for this? 
GOOD THINGS
screen and touch
over all shape and back pannel
processor response. 
 The device performance is very good but the battery drains very very fast.Even using the device in the safe mode the battery drains very drastically, We need to purchase the battery backpack along with the device,Except the battery entire device was perfect. 
 Excellent Phone...
I would refer to buy this phone.
Received faulty piece before... Flipkart has replaced the same. Excellent service by flipkart.
Thanks Flipkart. 
I would suggest to add feature like amazon( by one click, customer can get call from company to discuss related to order or any other issue) to flipkart 
 worst product screen was flickering from the first day .Service center told it will take 1 month to repair it 
 Excellent peice . Must have with you
All feature are awesome.
Great build quality and battery performance. 
 Phone:Touch and feel ,quality is awsum
Call quality:Crystal clear voice and strong network antenna
Battery:Will last aroung 1.25 Days
Screen Resonsiveness:Its nice
Hardware:Used effeciently - you do not need 3g or 4g.Streaming ,wifi hotspot eveyrthing works like charm in 2g itself.Wonderful hardware. 
One word:Close your eyes and buy :you will never repent.Added advantage ,if you get nice exchange discunt 
 NEVER BUY MOBILES ONLINE , i have updated the phone on third day as moto requested ... my camera stopped working and it is showing just black screen and i had to factory data reset it and back panel is not aliging properly, showing small gap beside rear camera . i haD requested for replacement but they said i need to go service centre keeping all works aside and if customer care people write it defective then they will replace DONT DIRECTLY BUY BY SEEING THIER 30 DAYS REPLACEMENT .. Being a ONLINE Shopper since 2005 when ecommerce didnt exist in india I FEEL ITS NOT WORTHY TO BUY MOBILES ONLINE IN INDIA. 
 The screen which comes with gorilla glass 3 In moto g 3. I don't know what's wrong with it. The previous g 1 and g2 were far better then the 3rd gen. I have bought and used all moto g series but g 3 has disappointed me a lot. My g 3 screen cracked with a very slight fall and while upgrading the software of G3 cell got switched off and its not starting since then the after sales service is more pathetic and within 6 months of buying G3 it has been advised to change the motherboard of the cell and I have to wait for 1 and half months for the same. That's y shifted to Samsung from being loyal to moto past almost 3 years. 
 full marks for flipkart delivery, I hope so for other deals as well!!!!
It's OK for a first time smart phone user like me!*(migrating from nokia 1100)
upgraded to andr-6, overall a lot more slower than it was. better stay out of this.
i had samsung evo+ 32 gb card from day -1. 80 MB/s Read Speed
20 MB/s Write Speed, but it warned me of a slower card and suggested for an upgrade to faster card ( can't use my SanDisk Extreme Pro in my Cam), got it formatted as internal memory, hanging at 30% 
 i face a one problem sd card is automatically unmounted or removed and didn't show's the sd card storage 
 First of all thanks to flipkart for free in a day delivery.
Best Android within 11k.
Display - 4/5 
Camera - 4/5 (Lenovo K3 note is slightly better)
Performance - 5/5
Battery - 5/5 (though it is 2470 mAh but it is enough for 1 day backup.)
Last and most important is it is ipx7 water resistance which is 10/5 . 
Go for it Friends. 
 Nice phone I have brought amazing camera,sound with blazing 4G .
Some heating issue is found but on continuous using for hrs. 
 Very good feature mobile phone for rough and tough use. This is very good.... 
 1. Design:- The phone is classy and looks quite stylish in looking and gives a very good in hand feel when you're using it. 
2. Camera:- The camera on this moto g3 is great.I mean one can capture really good photos with it, be it front or back.This is the case when you are in good or medium lightning conditions,so if you're clicking pictures in dark or low lighting the picture quality is only mediocre(Rear&Front) and looks a little bit artificial(Front Cam).But i suppose that's the case with every other smartphone in this price range. 
3.Battery:-Battery is a major concern now -a-days and also the previous model of this phone i.e the moto g2 had battery issues.But this phone can give you a really good battery backup.It can easily last you a day even with heavy usage if you give it a full charge in the morning.It takes 2:45 minutes to charge from 0 to 100 with first 85% charged in just 2 hours.I am getting approx 5 hours of screen on time(2 sims,1 sim being 3g and the other 2g with mobile data on) and approx 7.5 hours of screen on time if the mobile data is off.So i think it's great.Isn't it? 
4.Performance:- Performance is absolutely smooth.No hanging issues.Working without flaws(Asphalt 8, fifa15,dead trigger 2,Leo's fortune and many more games resides on my storage ^_^ ).Handling all without any problems 
5.RAM:- As you know you're getting 2 Gigabytes of RAM on this device and i must say ram is way more than enough for a user.I have around 82 apps installed on this phone including the built-in-apps and still there is 700-800 mb free space in RAM all the time.So it's fckin' cool guys! :) 
6.Storage:- You're getting around 11 Gb free for user out of 16 gb internal storage.Besides that,one can expand it through sd card for upto 32 Gb! 
Cons- 
1. Display- The first & d formost con that i noticed in this device was the display.It really annoyed me at first coz sometimes white looks a lil bit yellowish and color production isn't accurate as it should be.So if you're not so concerned about colors,just ignore it.You myt also not notice it in the day to day usage.So not a big issue,atleast for me! 
2. Heating issues:- Wasn't really an issue if you have asked me about the phone a week ago.Don't get me wrong,in normal usage you won't feel any heating problem on this device but when i play asphalt 8 for a long time,the screen panel do heats a little.Also,sometimes i have noticed that it gets warm while charging.So in case if it creates a problem for any of you,i mentioned it here. 
#Would update my review as soon as i feel any change in its performance and usage.
#Give my review a thumbs up if it 's helped you in any manner 
 better then i phone 6 and other products... best in 11,000 and more then that specification.. its worth it... and am typing itbfrom moto g3... smooth...I AM LOVING IT. display is awesomr and camera dont ask.. its too clear and reality... 
 There are other reviews which will list the Pros and Cons. This review will tell you why the product didn't work for me, and if you are like me, why you should think twice or thrice about buying it. 
Moto G (3rd gen) looks solid. It is good to hold and good to look at. Special features like water-resistance and shake twice for torch, etc. are good, but just think about how often you will need to show them off. 
One needs to be extremely careful with this piece. It fell out of my pocket from a height of less than 3 feet and the front panel cracked severely, but stayed in place. The touch-screen continued to work though small pieces of glass were falling off occasionally. 
Motorola Service Centre 1 gave an estimate of Rs. 5000 for the replacement of the front panel, but added they didn't have stock of it. Just the front panel. Motorola Service Centre 2 gave an estimate of Rs. 3300 and a wait time of two months, during which the phone has to be with them. 
I have seen much cheaper phones withstand much higher falls, but I can't figure out how a front panel worth Rs. 5000 (or Rs. 3300, depending on which Authorised Moto Service Centre you ask) can shatter upon a small fall. Love the phone, but don't buy it. 
Go for Redmi 2 Prime, 4.7", 2GB/16GB for Rs. 6999. Camera resolution is lower and water resistance is not advertised, but you will live without regrets. 
 Such a great gift for my girlfriend birthday she is so happy with this product, thanks a lot to u flipkart for fast delivery 
 All the problems start after 6 months.
Not me. But all those who took this mobile are suffering. Speaker is major prob 
 The phone is not catching the wifi signals my other devices are catching very good strength of signals in same room. flipkart testing software is showing phone is working well. poor checking system. 
 I am using this from last 5 months... awesome phone. After marshmallow update battery backup is great. After heavy usage it ends in about 14 hours. Doze mode is also great in marshmallow. Both Cameras are just great... in low light camera performance is not upto the mark...
No lag no heating issue after marshmallow update...
Loving my moto....? 
 I had to get a phone within budget of 10k- 15k. First was confused between many options like Lenovo k3 note, Samsung J7, MI, etc. Then this phone was launched, was so impressed by its features and specifications that I ordered for it, taking a chance. Got my MOTO G 3rd GEN phone on time and it was a good delivery by FLIPKART as usual ... After extensively using the phone Iam giving my reviews in order to help other guys thnking of purchasing this phone.  
Display : 4.5/5 (Cool display and is equally good to veiw it from extreme angles)
Camera : 4.5/5 (Super  (Expand) 
 This is not Water Resistance at all. I have lost my mobile its dead now. I just used only one week, my baby just dropped it in water. Thats all all gone. I wasted my money and my phone is dead. 
 In the first month of usage, it started showing problems. 
The phone restarts on its own and while it restarts it delete the recent pics and whats p messages.
also the when the back panel is opened, there seems to be a gelly kinda liquid. 
when i tried for return, someone called and without understanding the real issue straight away gave basic trouble shooting and regected the return. 
totally unhappy with the product. 
 I'm using this phone and I've to say Flipcart delivery is very fast. I ordered this phone and on 2nd day it was in my hand. According to review you'll find many people complaining this phone and I was also very disappointed but in my experience there is no cons in the moto g3. I've upgraded it into android 6.0 marshmallow and the experience is excellent.
According to me....
pros.
1- build quality and design is excellent.
2- Processor and speed is excellent.
3- Ram management is excellent and in android 6.0 it is more upgraded.
4- Camera is superb. I can't say anything about camera, just superb but if you have used any higher camera then you will think it's not good but 13MP, 5MP is excellent
5- No lagging in full hd games and full hd vedios.
6- 2gb RAM and 16GB internal storage is very good.
7- Since it is moto phone so you will get every upgrades of android.
8- HD screen is superb, just rocks.
9- Phone is waterproof that is amazing.
10- Sound quality is superb.
11- Look is very attractive.
12- Touch is very smooth and sensitive.
13- If you think it's battary reduce faster then you should know if your phone have so many featers then it will take more power to run it so if you are a best smartphone lover then don't think about battary bcz this is moto phone not a china phone, but it's battary should be 3000mAh, but 2370 mAh is not bad.
14- For more featers you must upgrade it into every android versions which will come in future.
15- There is no heating issue that some people have complained. 
I don't think you can get more featers in under 13k phones, so go for it, don't think negative.  
Cons.
Trying to find....... 
So don't think more and Go for it.
I'll always give full stars to moto g3. 
 after price drop of 2000 product looks great.
pros of moto g3-:
1. looks and feels great in hand
2. display is good
3. solid hardware
4. stock android, android M 6.0 is available for update
5. butter smooth touch
6. day to day multitasking is very good
7. no heating or hanging problem
7. water resistance makes this phone more friendly 
cons of moto g3:-
1. camera is not good for 13 mega pixl, in day light its good but in low light bad 
 my old phone lumia 620 which has only 5 mega pixl gives better pics than this.
 camera should be more better
 but front camera is good 
no other cons. I found on this mobile
if you are looking for 10-12k mobile you should go for it, it never disappoint you guys 
ignore bad reviews, i think most of the bad reviewer are from other brands marketing department .   
 the product was good at the start and the gorilla glass is not so hard it is so delicate and it broken jst fell from a small height even with glass protection and the motrola service centre kept my mobile more than 2 month at the service centre and stil the repair was not done and the answer from the service centre side is the spare parts are not available with the motorola and again i went outside and placed local dispaly which again had a crack and now the software is also corrupted and the service centre people says the device wil not fell under warranty so they wont update the software for free and they wil charge the amount. and firstly they dont have the dispaly part till date and they ask me to wait for 4-5 months for the display part without using the mobile and if so why flipkart sells like this mobiles which has no services and troubling the customers. i please request flipkart to do sell the products which have the services and i get no help from motorola and flipkart after calling continously for both and no final decision is given by them
support from the seller end is zero 
 best mobile with best features .....
no heating problem , faster then I phone 5 at some points & which amazed me a lot...... 
 The phone glass is broken after falling down from a short height, and now CC asking to change the complete screen with cost of 3600/- and 1-month wait. Shame on such a support. One of the worst hardware uses by Motorola and CC is of no use. 
 This phone is an excellent value for money. 
I bought this on the 3 day sell on 23rd December. Arrived after 3 days. As many of the users have mentioned above, there are many cool features to expect from this phone. 
I will not repeat all the things said by the above reviews, but I want to share some important things: 
1) The phone has no Gyroscope. So, do not expect Google Cardboard and Photsphere to work.
2) It does not "heat" up. It gets warm, which is normal.
3) The original flip shell with this is a must buy, it is excellent for the daily uses and great quality.
4) The camera quality is good. Do not expect it to be as good as Asus phones.
5) The material used in body is of excellent quality, you cannot find better quality on any other phone.
6) The external Speaker is Mono. It has great output, but do not push it with sound enhancer softwares. This goes for all phones. Although, if you are buying this for music listening on external speaker, go for Xperias. 
7) It has more premium look than any other phone. The available memory is 11.2 GB, on contrary of 9 GB mentioned in specs.
8) If you are buying to use features of Moto Assist and others, do not buy it as it is getting Marshmallow Upgrade, which will remove these features. 
This is a cool, premium phone, and I suggest it to all of those who would like to buy a phone, who like to show your phone as elegant, and premium looking instead of "cool" feeling. 
 this is third phone i have purchased same model to continue gifting my frds and family, they all are pretty happy with this product. 
 This product is not good for me. My experience was very bad with this. Touch screen always being freeze and not opening your phone. Look is good but I think it was not good for me.
Thanks. 
 Very great phone with less price. Even liked features camera quality n water resistance... 
 I bought it for my sister . Such an awesome phone, very cost effective , camera is way too good that she never stops clickin !!!!! 
 Pros:
1. Nice front and back camera.
2. Very user friendly.
3. Sturdy. I dropped it twice-thrice.
4. Never hangs. 
Cons:
1. Sometime it heated up suddenly and u will find the battery getting discharged within few mins.
 (Initially the frequency of getting heated up was more but has reduced now after few software updates) 
 First of all, this is not a detailed review. I would just like to point out the pros and cons in short. 
Pros
1. Stock Android (One of the best things I love about Motorola phones)
2. Almost zero bloatware, the few Motorola apps will be removed when the marshmallow update arrives.
3. Performance is good, both in terms of multitasking and moderate gaming
4. Camera is damn good, especially in terms of shutter speed
5. Great design and build quality 
now, some of you might be wondering why I didn't mention the IPX7 certification in the Pros, okay, first let's point out the cons and then I will add the reason at the bottom. 
Cons
1. During intense gaming, the phone gets warm a bit (not a big problem actually, yet)
2. Non-removable battery
3. Could have a better display 
Now, the IPX7 certification, why is it a problem somehow water got into it. Before that accident itself, I came to know from fellow YouTuber/Reviewer Sudipto that Motorola won't provide warranty for liquid damage and there's no way I can return the phone. Now, for repair I will have to pay a huge amount of money (compared to the price of the phone), so there is practically no use of IPX7 certification, so a thumb down to Moto G 3rd Gen. If I would know those terms that I won't be covered under warranty if I get any liquid damage accidentally I would not have bought this phone (probably). However, Motorola has done a good job with that. That's why even in my detailed review I didn't hesitate to rate it good. 
You can check the detailed review I wrote after trying it out--> http://bit.ly/1kfAZ1M
However, I had to switch to Samsung Galaxy J7 as Flipkart was not delivering the product before 5 days, quite sad or else I would have got Moto G once again!! 
 Phone overall is okay, though Moto G turbo would be the better choice now. Though the phone has options for Mounting OTG storage, it didn't work for me and when I asked for a replacement flipkart told me to contact motorola support to verify whether it supports otg or not. After contacting them online I was informed that they don't officially support otg but it works for some phones(a million times as if their tech executive can only say that one thing). After a month having minor touch issues and the phone gets heated up quite a bit after a bit of usage. It takes about 2 hours for a full charge and lasts for a day with average use. 
 never buy motorola products as after ward you would have to cry for service if some issue comes during warrenty.
As they dont have many service centers and third class services. 
 Here is what I feel about the motog3: 
Speaker quality - 
best with bass, the front facing speaker is very good to watch movies. 
Caemra : 
best- wins one plus x and acer zefone2( i tested with three new phone, and i found motog the best with clear picture and best zoom), selfie camera is very clear, best in its kind. 
Screen resolution:
 best in HD quality, u can't differentiate either its HD or full HD 
Screen size: 
for me 5 inch is best, very easy to carry by one hand. Gorilla glass has prevented me to put any screen guard and i like my phone without any cover no scratches. 
RAM: 
2GB, but only 600MB is used by system, in other mobiles 1GB is atleast used by system, so motog with 2GB ram and other with 3GB ram is equivalent since the free memory is 1GB+. 
Speed/Processor: 
Asphalt 8 runs smoothly in medium graphics, I have not tested with high graphics coz I don't need it. Although its quad core, runs smoothly as octacore one, i wonder what u guys gonna do with octacore. It never lags in day to day use. 
Charger: 
phone charge very fast, the charger has 2 USB ports so u can charge 2 mobiles at a time. 
Battery: 
battery drains very slow, best. If full charged it ends for 2 days at least with some hours gaming and wifi on full day. 
Android: 
very great lollipop, no other apps installed easy to use. 
At last I would obviously say, go for it, don't see the high end specs, just see the performance. 
Thanks motorolla for such a great phone in such a price. I love my motog3. 
 i was purchase g3 in sept. it is working vry good features, btry, camera everthing is perfect in 13k. but after month phone was heating, internet was not working in mobile , even mobile was not formattig..viberation not working 2 times i was give in service center which is authorised b2x located in dadar east...2 timesmother board was change still isssue not solve...i am suggesting to u ppl dont buy motorola device from any website after sell service is vry bad provide by flipkart nd b2x... 
 I have been using this phone since one month. Build quality is really premium and I have faced no Lags.  
Battery : Battery backup is really good , it easily lasts for 1 day on medium usage. Charging is also fast.  
Gaming :Game play is smooth for graphic hungry games such as Asphalt 8 etc. 
Display : Display is crisp with 294 ppi , but earlier i have used a phone with a Super AmoLED screen , so i personally feel that AmoLED is better than IPS LCD screen.  
Internet surfing : Internet surfing experience was quite smooth, thanks to Quad-core 1.4 GHz Processor. 
Sound Quality : Inbox earphones are not good, if you are a music lover, you have to buy some good earphones. (Senhieser, Sony etc). 
Charger : The charger is really good, It has two USB ports, so you can charge two devices at the same time. 
Camera : The camera works well in bright ambient light, but in low light it's not up to the mark. i think some software update in future will patch this thing. 
Storage : I am using a 32GB external micro SD class 16 and it's working amazing, Total space is (16 32) GB , and processor fetches files without any lag. 
 One of best mobile in this prize range.only the problem i felt, its bulky when using in one hand.also silver coating of side switches fading after 2 mnths.overal its a nice deal 
 Purchased the phone from flipkart in the month of August. In 3 months time, my phone started switching off all by itself on 36-40% battery. This percentage gradually went on increasing and right now my phone gets switched off at 90% battery. I did a factory reset for the phone once, but still the problem prevails. I took the phone to the nearest Motorola service centre and to my surprise found 2 customers with the similar issue for Moto G3. 
Not sure if the issue is relevant across multiple users similarly who have been using the phone for 3-4 months+  
 This phone might be having battery issues (atleast from my usage) with the latest Android installed. 
I double checked its not an isolated issue with my particular set, after talking with the FLIPKART customer care, who insisted my battery was working fine (who analyzed the log from a SMARTCHECK app which can be only used upon flipkart's permission). 
Full disclosure: The battery quickly discharged when this app was utilized. 
Solution : Tone down your usage, kill unwanted apps, restart and pray, definitely pray. (According to flipkart customer service, with prayer point included) 
Having a phone with stellar battery life, please note that these review was done in a single go. 
 It's a real premium mobile.Cameras are brilliant both rear 20 and front 8. Overall, excellent phone for that price and better than One plus two, more importantly without any unwanted buildups invites and all. 
Pros
1. Display is good
2. Cameras are decent
3. Able to browse at 4G speeds
4. Gorilla glass is cool
Cons
1. Too much thickness as cant use with any cover
2. No additional UI
3. Less battery backup, not even lasting for one day even 
 battery is heating. 
Camera is ok
look is good. over all mobile is ok.
Moto need to solve heating problem of mobile. I can't play game more than 1.5 hrs 
 Its been 3 days since I've been using this phone and the back panel has already started to corrode around the area where my palm rests. It has already became plane......texture done is not of good quality. :(
Rest of the phone is good.
Flipkart delivered a day late than the expected arrival of 7 days. 
 Just bought this phone. Everything pretty good except few below: -
1) Even using only sim (second sim not installed) with 3G and internet on. This does not even last 1 day when fully charged. Though full recharge time is 2hours.
2) No removable battery.
3) Also has some heating problem. 
 Overall great phone... I am happy.. Great Display. Touch is good. Light weight.. Good camara (both front & back) . And service Packaging also very good.. 
 Everything perfect but its not supporting OTG. i dont like these kind of issues.. 95% mobiles are supporting OTG but few mobiles are not. Flipkart refused to replace the mobile:( 
If you would like OTG like me, dont go this phone.. Go for some other mobiles. 
Motorola customer care worst...  
One star due to OTG issues.. 
 Performance & look wise phone is good, but when we talk about gorella glass , I think I got cheated. as my phone fell down by just 3 feet on the floor & glass got broken. 
 Nice Phone for 10800. I am not a gamer, hence I had no complaints with this phone. Performance is super smooth without lags. Great battery backup for a phone of this size. Really liked the Moto Display feature as it solves notification issues. If you are not a gamer, i would recommend this phone for them. 
 the phone is great ,,, camera ,performance , build quality and every thing 
you really will love this 13K product,, 
 I ordered this product first during Diwali with some offers. Flipkart delivery was very fast. But product is not upto the mark.  
Motorola claims it to be water resistant and asking to check the back cover fitted properly, but its back cover is showing a big gap near the camera. When I asked for replacement then too I must say that flipkart has delivered the replacement within 2-3 days. 
But again the replacement product has same issue. One more thing that replacement product camera quality is very poor. 13mpx is looking something similar to 5mpx.  
 phone is getting heat like iron box not even single worth for 13000/- so please friends choose the best one. 
 Pros :
1) The display is really crisp. The brightness and contrast levels are ideal for any person
2) The touch is butter smooth, No one can complain about it
3) I haven't played any big games yet, However, I have never noticed any lag. The 2GB RAM & 1.4GHz Quad Core processor are good enough for most of the operations
4) The dual flash is really better because of the CCT LEDs. It gives natural light
5) Android 5.1.1 experience is good, But Its great that it will receive Android 6.0 update
6) The phone charges very quickly and the battery lasts around 1.5~2 days with 2 sim cards and internet turned on all the time in the day
7) The cameras (both 13MP & 5 MP) are really good and fast in taking pics.  
Cons : 
1) The supplied earphone is next to worst. A Rs.99 philips earphone has better sound quality than this. But this is not a major deal, Anyone can buy an alternate earphone at a cheaper price
2) The length of the charging cord is terrible, Its just 2 feet. 
 Moto G3 is a Great Phone from Great Brand for a Great Price. 
Pros:
* Perfect Screen Size - 5"
* Decent Camera
* Better Battery
* Good additional Motorola Software Features like Migrate, Moto Assist (Data Migration, Double karate chop for torch, Twist for Quick Capture etc.)
* 'OK Google' Voice control that easily recognizes your voice to take command.
* FM Radio
* Effective 4G LTE
* Water proof (not tested yet)
* Ideal weight of the phone
* Dual Sim and Expandable memory up to 32 GB of memory card (use memory card as recommended by Motorola for this phone for a better performance); refer to morotola web site for Motorola recommended memory card.
* Phone behavior setting based on time period or location etc... like during your sleeping time your phone can set to mute automatically with various customizable options... once you are in office it will automatically set to vibrate mode etc... 
* Motorola Service in India is extremely improved in India now and it is far better than other similar mobile brands.
* Price segment is very attractive.
However today Acer launched a phone with a better configuration in this same price range (Acer Z630S). Not sure about its review and its brand as it was launched today only exclusively on flipkart. 
I have been using this phone for last 5 days and so far so good. 
Cons: Internal memory of 16 GB only; Phone Body built quality is like average; Accessories quality are compromised (like a cheap headphone, charger is just so so and desi in quality); Limited color option (only black and white) and no customization option in India (like the same phone customization option is available in USA); Quality of Camera and Speaker Sound for listening Song etc could have been improved (though phone speaker is great for talking and other voice activity). 
Overall I am satisfied with this phone for daily use purpose. If you want a phone for real smartphone use and not for show-off purpose, then I will say, blindly go for it, no need to give a second thought. 
 I buy 3 mobile from flipcard all mobile performance very good.
1st one is moto g 2nd edition
2nd moto g3
3rd is prime2.  
 Hsthis phone is very good 
Camera are excellent.
Processor are very good.
This phone battery backup are excellent.
No heating in this phone 
 Mobile is good, but only one problem sometimes it getting more heat.
Battery backup is going for complete one day in 4G. 
 If you have budget around 13k definitely go for it .
Good camera 
Decent battery
Amazing gaming performance 
Much better than k3 note and mi4i.
Don't go purely with specs, it's ultimate user experience that counts and moto G3 is perfect in that area 
 Been using the Moto G3 for 2 months so far. 
Good points -
1. Battery life - Excellent, lasts 2-3 days with light-moderate usage.
2. Dual sim and memory card slot - excellent features.
3. Moto gestures - very good, convenient e.g. "karate chop" to turn on torch feature 
Bad points -
1. Bit bulky/clunky - Difficult to handle with one hand, especially for those with small hands. The Moto G2 was much sleeker, easier to handle.
2. Android updates - come in after fair amount of delay. e.g. I got the Android 6.0 update from Google on my Nexus 5 phone, immediately upon its release. Till date, Android 6.0 update hasn't appeared for my Moto G3. This is quite surprising, considering that Motorola was not long ago owned by Google, who make the Android OS.
3. Minor stutter, slips at times, when starting/stopping apps, changing screens, etc. Not as slick and smooth in usage, as say the Nexus 5. 
 I am using from past 2 months.
* phone is awesome look
*awesome battery back-up.
*good in sound
* camera quality is too good both front and back. 
**its better then MI4I. 
 I purchased the phone Moto 3g 16GB with great dreams. But in vain. 
The phone is getting heated too much when making a call
Dont buy this phone.  
 Flipkart service is good. I got the phone through COD. Thanks to Flipkart. I read some negative reviews about Flipkart. But Flipkart has proved those reviews wrong. One thing I can say firmly that Flipkart HAS IMPROVED ITS SERVICES than before.  
The Moto 3 G (2015) 16 GB Black is very good mobile.
The mobile looks slimmer than what I have seen in the videos.
I used Samsung phone earlier. It takes time to get used to this phone.
The phone is manageable with single hand and fits into a pocket easily.  
 This is a very good mobile in this decade this will be the best one ever. 
Sure ill suggest people to buy this product for 100% 
 Thanks for delivering before est date. Mobile is pretty good and lightening fast. 
Pros-
Good cam
Optimal processor
OK RAM 
Cons-
Design not meeting niche class expectation 
 just battery doesn't last long but rest of the things r well enough....................................................................................... 
 Thanks Flipkart for ontime delivery and services. Best phone in this price range, good-looking and very comfortable with the touch specially. 
 years ago when i switched from Nokia5233 to Samsung S2 i regretted quiet a bit after some time....now from S2 to Moto i am regretting even more. few key reasons to mention:- 
1. Display: Extremely poor display ! When i played the same video on all of my 3 devices( yes all previous 2 still alive & running) there was a quality gap as wide as a canyon. The color depth & details were so poor in moto display i felt like looking into a 90s salora Tv.
2. Camera: comparing Moto's 13MP with my old Nokia 5233 with mere 2MP camera, i will crown later the king in that context. Moto G pics looks like captured from a heap VGA handset.
3. FM: antenna cant even scan Delhi's prime radio channels after multiple attempts.
4. Earlid: a Rs 50 cheap one that you may get from any roadside vendor. 
To sum up, Moto G looks good on papers with flashy specs but dissapoints on quality parameters. 
 Status of the item says, it is delivered since last five days. Following up with Flipkart from last five days, but they were not able to resolve it. Every time I contact them, they give a new date for resolution. They were not even able to get a proof of delivery from Fedex. Not sure what to do. Hope team Flipkart reads this review and get my product to me. 
 First of all, satisfactory service from flipkart once again. 
I have been using it for the past 20 days and so far, no lags wat so ever. The device runs smooth as a butter which is always a very pleasant experience. The looks are stylish, as par the standards of a budget device. Specially the rubbery back cover has a texture which helps to make a firm grip while holding it. 
Now coming to the camera, well it certainly lives upto the expectations. The photo quality is crisp and clear and it also provides an exposure controlling and focusing mode which helps in low light conditions to some extent. The only thing is that yopu cant use the full 13mp resolution in its 16:9 aspect ratio captures. For that, you have to change it to 4:3 aspect ratio. Same drawback is applicable for the front cam also.
I would suggest you to but the 16gb model anyday because if you love gaming and using heavy apps, the 8gb model may make you regret later on. The battery backup (2470mah) is just about okay.
Being a Sony Xperia user for the past 4 years, the one thing I miss in this device is the sexy Notification light and nothing else. Not even the sound quality.
Overall, Moto G3 undoubtedly deserves a 4 out of 5, iff not more. 
 Wow..! What a mobile from moto. Initially, when i brought moto g2 I was very upset bcoz of battery backup. After using few month I lost my moto G2. Then again I wished to goto moto and purchased moto G3. really its very attractive and very good with battery backup. Battery lasts for 2 days with 3G. 
 Awesome product. Have to download some apps from google for better results. However I'll give 5 stars for this awesome product. Kumutha Happy annachi:) 
 As usual flipkart has managed to maintain its reputation and delivered the phone at my doorstep in 3 days under standard delivery. 
now lets talk about the Phone. 
The box contains:
------------
Moto G 3rd Gen
Charger of 1150 mAh with 2 USB ports
USB cable
Earphones - So So quality (You will need to purchase a nice headset to enjoy the music)
Manual 
Now I have used the phone for 2 days and am pretty satisfied with the device. 
Display > It is nice, an HD 5 inch screen with crisp readability and clarity, brightness is also good. 
Build Quality > Build quality is really sturdy and feels strong. 
Sound > it does not have stereo speakers but the sound is crisp and loud. 
Battery > battery usage is pretty good, need to use the phone for a longer period to rate this. *The Battery is non removable. 
Heating Issue > became warm a bit while charging for the first time, so its all good  
Camera > Not so good, I own a lumia 720 and it produces far better image quality than this (I also update the Motorola Camera App but still the quality was same)
 Slow Mo video is a good feature though.  
Gaming > the phone has ample processing power for standard games but not suitable for high end 3D graphics 
OS Experience > Pure Android, smooth and fast. Plus the 2gb Ram and qualcomm 410 processor works like a breeze. 
Motorola Specific Features: Moto provides few gestures like 
Karate Chop to start/Stop the torch even if the phone is locked
 & 
Twist the phone to start the camera app even if the phone is locked. 
Moto Display is a very nice feature. 
Microphone: The phone has 2 mics so it helps during calls plus when you are recording some stuff. Plus it helps in giving voice commands to Google Now with proper accusracy. 
Overall the phone is value for money and its a good desicion to purchase it if you have a budget of 12-14k  
 Bought this about two months back. 
Pros:
1. Shipped with stock android (or the closest to stock android). I am a fan of stock android (previously owned Nexus 4). Stock android is the fast, light (on RAM), quick to get latest updates since OEM has to make least changes.
2. Equipped with 2GB RAM which is apt (or best) for stock android. Atleast 1.2GB memory is free on a fresh start, which is more than enough for running multiple and even bulky apps/services.
3. 1.4GHz processor would never limit you to run any app. Not best for heavy gamers though.
4. 2470mAh battery - ideal for a 5inch screen. Could have been better but considering the price, it is OK. With both SIMs, 4G, GPS, wifi, data on for full day, normal calling it easily works for a day.
5. Dual SIM with 4G LTE support - 4G is the latest technology, so definitely a point to consider while purchasing a new phone. Dual SIM helps me to have an extra SIM for a different connection other than my primary network, for best offers on data.
6. Water proof - Agreed that neither does it provide full water proofing but never mind, I don't plan to use my phone while swimming. Fortunately I have no experience with its water proofing feature but going by certifications I am hopeful that my phone will be saved from accidental spills or exposure to water like rain etc.
8. SD Card - Although 16GB internal memory is sufficient, but an extra space is always beneficial.
9. Camera - again decent for a 13k phone. Not good for low-light or night photography. 
Cons:
1. Weight - it is very heavy.
2. Shape - Tapered back might look appealing first, but the shape is not good for pockets, and makes it a bulkier with a flip cover.
3. Touch - Not the best, compared to Nexus 5, Samsung phones or iPhone 
Conclusion:
If you're concerned about bulkiness (5" screen), weight, a long lasting batter - then not the best one. 
With the rise in technology, and latest and high-end phones arriving, people have been forgetting the basic use of a smartphone -> calling, texting, basic smartphone features like email, internet etc. 
If you want a phone (and not a rocket launcher), at a budget price, and with all necessary features, then end your search here. 
Considering that it is a 'Smart phone' and not a rocket launcher, I would rate it as 5 stars. 
 dear, motorola ple change your headset quality..because its to bad..the phon and other accessorise is to good,but the headset is to bad.. 
 cool and fast, little fat but ok i have no problem with it. Display is nice not amazing headphone is not good as i expected,but worth the money u cant take better than this in this price range. 
 I will suggest to purchase this item from the seller. It was delivered on time.
this mobile has great features with this price range. 
 Good product at this range, I am playing games for most of the times and battery does not drain out that quickly. Camera quality is awesome, I have a DSLR and sometime I wonder Why I spend 50K on DSLR. 
 I have purchased two Moto g3 and both are working pretty well.Everything works very fine be it performance or camera.Especially Battery life is longer and it is the main plus point of this device because mobile itself means that it should be free from wire. 
I would surely give advice to buy this mobile if you look for value for money and are looking to spend your time with this mobile without any lags.  
 with out using my mobile in stand by mood it is getting heat more, really i don't like this mobile moto g 3rd gen, totaly i am not happy 
 I received my moto G3 on Oct 16th, kudos to Flipkart first off, they delivered the piece perfectly packed and ahead of time. Now down to my first impressions of this phone and I will compare it to my Moto G 2nd gen in some aspects that I noticed a difference in these few days of using the phone, will update more as I discover them. 
Pros:
1. The screen : is crisp and the colours are well balanced even when brightened.
2. Hand gestures : for flashlight and turning on front & back cameras is a very fresh and welcome addition to the mix. However I do feel doing karate chops to turn on/off the flashlight is a risk as this phone is slim and and easily go flying from the hand.
3. The Camera : The 13MP camera is actually pretty good indoors in most situations if the subject is well lit. Speed of capture suffers if you need to take multiple pictures very rapidly of different objects but definitely not bad.
4. The front facing camera has a nice feature where the screen lights up to create a soft diffused light to illuminate the face when taking selfies which creates some really beautiful photos.
5. The build : of the phone is sturdy, especially the back panel which has a diagonal ridged surface which gives a nice grip to the phone, the ridged surfacing on the power button also is a nice addition as you can differentiate between the volume button and power button without looking at the phone.
6. Video Playing : I love how crisp videos look when played on this phone!
7. Sound : This phone has a real kicker when it comes to sound, however depending on the media being played sometimes at full volume the sound does shatter and flatten a bit, but otherwise it is lovely.
8. Connectivity : I recieved two 4G sims with the phone which is fabulous and the phone's streaming ability and browsing feels much faster even if you have a 2G connection.
9. The moto display where notifications show up in sleep mode is super useful such that I dont need to unlock my phone each time to check, I can do a quick preview on the lock page itself.
10. Battery : Comparitively better than G2 surely, its lasts longer than its predecessor and surprisingly it charges pretty quickly too
11. The charger : One more thing I love about the G3's package is the double port USB charger where you can charge more than one phone at a time, I absolutely love that it is eco-friendly. 
Cons:
1. The first thing I noticed about this phone strangely that though this phone has a 2GB Ram and is said to have a much faster clock speed than the Moto G2, I noticed a definite lag in app opening etc compared to the moto g2 which was definitely much faster.
2. Putting on Mobile internet : In the moto g2, turning on/off connectivity was very simple with the tab to slide on the mobile stats page, in the G3 from the roll down drawer > mobile data > mobile data slider and on/off. This ends up being quite a pain
3. The Camera : The front camera though it is 5MP is a disappointment in terms of being able to take crisp photos, even the steadiest hands dont yield tack sharp photos as blurring is the one bane that has not been addressed in the updated version of moto G. This is one huge let down for me.
4. The flash : Though the flash is bright, the colour it lends to photos especially close ups is like an incandescent wash making them look bleached. Have to test it on objects indoors at a distance to see how they look.
5. The headphone jack: I am not very happy about the aspect that the plug of any pair of headphones does not go completely into the jack at the top of the phone, it seems like a problem waiting to happen as at least 10 - 15% of the pin shows above the jack.
6. Heating up : I did notice that the phone heats up when I am on whatsapp calls for a little long and even on data for long, but I dont know whether to be too worried about it as its happened only once or twice.  
All in all, I would definitely recommend this phone to others, its a very good pricing for the amount of features packed into this phone!  
 Phone:
 Pros:A good every day phone .. great battery!! last 1- 1.5 days .. easily..but that is depending on the user .
 Responsive user interface.
 absolutely no lagg.(2 ram gb variant).
 i love the Moto display feature is great for going through notifications.
 Sound through headphones and speaker is loud and clear.
 Call quality is good.
 Rear camera is quite ok..! 
Cons: 1 Front Camera... is only decent.
 2.In the box headphones are ..they sound alright but the ergonomics is not good. It hurts after 10mins.
 3.the notification tray does not have the moblie data option...so frequent visit to settings just that on/off.
 4. heating issue with gaming .. but not alarming.    
 Very Worst Motorola Service, i took Moto g3 , in the span of 40 days Motherboard problem,still my problem is not rectified , daily motorola people saying tomorrow, tomorrow 
 I was not sure about its gaming performance due to the sd 410 processor. But after using the phone for the past two and half months i am satisfied. asphalt 8 and marvel champions run fine.
Price should have been around 11k but the other mobiles available at lesser price have quality issues. 
 A good midrange phone!
1) Display 8/10 It is good but not best in its segment. The viewiong angles are good and the clarity is good. It is on the warmer side.. 
2) Speakers 9.5/10 It is loud enough ... It can go upto 105dBs.. It is clear and crisp.. Audio via headphone jack is also excellent..... It is goo enough. 
3) Call quality 9/10 
4) Camera 9.5/10 [back 9/10 front 10/10] I am vry much satisfied with the camera that it offers for this price.. The back has the same sensor that Nexus 6 has.. So no worries. The front camera is just Extraordinary for a 5 mp one... It is clear in outdoors and crisp..!! 
5)Battery 8/10 On an avg I would get around 4.5 hrs of screen on time which is decent. 
6) Performance 9/10 Hardly u can find lag since is stock android experience.. I dont play a lot of games.. Many graphically intensive games may not be playable... But it does its job well !! 
7) Software 10/10 The reason is THIS IS A MOTOROLA DEVICE.. It receives updates very quickly after google phones.... So u dont wanna worry about the android version... It will be always latest.. Android 6.0 Marshmallow has been confirmed officially my moto..  
Additional features that I like and highlight is , It is WaterProof and can witstand 30 mins under water.... The most awesome feature that I like is its active display ... I use it a lot.. I senses me quickly and gives haptic feedback.... 
Its 4g enabled...  
Overall it is the best buy at this stage and the best performer... 
 I had ordered this phone on 30th august 2015 and same was delivered by Flip kart on First of september 2015 .so thanks to FlipKart/WS Retailer/EKart Logestic for fast delivery . 
I am giving review after usage of one month .The following are the specifications . 
1 Screen Size of MOBILE is 5 inch. 
2 It has 2 GB RAM. 
3 It has 16 GB ROM, but you will get approx 12 GB free because of already installed mobile applications. 
4 It has 5 Mega pixel front camera. 
5 It has 13 Mega pixel Rear Camera .Picture quality is very good. 
6 Battery is non removable ..Battery rating is 2470 mAh..Battery back up is very good ..if you r doing mix usage it long last in more than 35 hours...24 hours on heavy usage... 
7 Sound quality is good not very good . I am giving 3.5 out of 5. 
8 Display quality is good. 
9 This come with Android 5.1.1. But as per MOTOROLA one upgrade we will get. 
10 Call Quality is very good . 
11 Smooth operation of phone ..No heating issue at all. 
12 Head phone provided with phone is not good quality .its made with cheap quality of plastic.It is not expected from MOTOROLA. 
13 We can expend memory up to 32 GB by the use of micro SD card. 
14 Charger provided with this is a very good quality ..2 USB port provided in a charger so charge 2 mobile at a time. 
15 Moto display(Its much better than LED notifications..but i don't like this.) 
16 There is no single click mobile data On/Off, u need to through the settings to turn on/off data network.  
17 Water resistance at this price . No phone at this price range. 
18 Account setup and transfer of data was completely done in just half an hour, thanks to Moto Migrate and other features. 
19 Only one SIM have 4 G support at a time ...Its don't have any problem. 
20 Shake to start torch is a nice MOTO specific application is installed. 
21 To and fro Rotate to camera start is also a very good application of this phone . 
22 Finally, a long lasting handset with very good hardware and its latest version of Android/ software.   
Im disappointed as I didnt get the airtel sim offer. mobile has been good so far no problem yet. battery not fantastic it might been better. 
 Can't have better phone than this. I got 16 GB version and I am truly loving it. I recommend
this phone who want a phone under Rs. 15000. 
 i but moto g 3 it is awesome and best device and i suggest to buy moto g 3 and not mi lenevo and flip kart service is awesome 
 I was user of moto g1 and then shifted to moto G3. Within one month the set start giving problem. Same happened with my 2 friends.
Problem like: 1) phone microphone and mic is not work properly.
2) gmail and mgs stop working. 3) set get slow. 
when we called to motorala customer care they told to go local customer care center.....  
dont buy this phone it has in-build problem....... 
 i purchased this from flipcart . so far it is good.  
CAMERA
Positive- The cameras are good good low light capture
. 
Negative- Auto focus of video camera fails very badly!! whatever i tried most of times it never change its focus from one to other.
720p recording has no sound!! thats bad.. 
DISPLAY
POSITIVE- Display is nice.  
NEGATIVE- but only 720p, even Redmi 2 (7000rs) display is awesome than this it is 1080p, More yellow tone than white 
BATTERY
POSITIVE - Good stays for a day
NEGATIVE- But it should at least be 3000 mah since the display is large. 
ANDROID
POSITIVE- Pure android, very easy use.
NEGATIVE - Since its pure many user friendly functions missing 
SPEED
POSITIVE- Its fast never seems lags or heating problem, in HD gaming for 30 minutes more its stays at min temp little warm thats all.. NO HEATING PROBLEM (only while shooting video for more than 5mins it heats up a little. 
CALLING
Call clarity is Good.  
 The phone supports video calling that's the highlight.The camera quality is awesome. :) . My phone fall down 2 times still it's safe ,touchscreen too is awesome.The moto assistant helped me lot.And the moto help connected 24 hrs with call center guides is good job. No regrets with 3 weeks of experience. 
 I bought this phone after using Moto G 1st Generation for one and half years. This phone is same as that of G1 which offered features and quality then back at 2013. Phone performs a beast and the battery life is awesome. 
There's no lag and camera is great. Selfies are superb. 
p.s: use google camera for good wide selfies. 
You wont see any difference in real time with 720p. Water resistant is a plus.
Dont ever go for those local xiaomi phones. they are heating bars and iron boxes.
Moto g3 doesn't heat up and has a good build quality.
GO FOR G3 without SECOND THOUGHT. 
P.S: 16GB VARIANT WITH 2G IS MORE THAN GOOD 
 Over Heating and Not So Good Battery Life. Screen is not that sensitive if we compare with Windows from same price range. 
 Hai.,
1st-Moto G3 is not a mobile.,it is more than tat.,Wow mobile phone.,You just go for this without any consultation or getting reviews.,Really Awesome Mobile.,
2nd-Flipkart-is name for better and quick delivery.,The product came with safe packing and too delivered within 2days.,Nice service.,
Both Flipkart and Moto G3 are sooooooooo Goooooooooood... 
 1. Using camera for more than 5 min phone gets heating like a iron box.
2.this mobile are restart in any time....
 software notworking  
 I had been scanning multiple reviews and new releases from Chinese, American and other Indian manufacturers for a good smart phone for over 3 months. Having used Samsung and Sony smartphones before, they had been dropped from the list, primarily due to bloated and heavy UI that comes with them and no way of disabling them. Looking straight through the lens was the obvious decision of either an Apple OR a Nexus as they are only hardware and software built in one. Looking at the life aspect of a smart phone which floats at the present time from 6 months to a year in Android and 6 months more probably for an Apple, the ROI is better with Android than an Apple. Which meant Nexus was the pick. Hey !! really, when you have Motorola in that space doing what it does best !! Giving an optimum hardware with the best end user experience is what Moto G 3rd gen offers. Yes you can pick up a debate on the display and the camera to some extent however using the phone for over 2 months now, I have no regrets on them. They do their job better than some higher spec phones in their comparison. The IPX7 water resistance feature is what I will pick up any time over what the competition offers and I have had no problems what so ever using the phone for calling Or browsing right in the midst of a heavy downpour. Now that's a deal. I you are looking for replacing your old phone Or new to android OR want to switch from Apple, Moto G 3rd gen is where you should put your money.. its totally worth it... that's based on my user experience and no marketing gimmicks. 
 Hi Guys. 
I purchased 2 MotoG 3 in a same month. 
1) Black color - First phone i was having Hardware issue and Unable to restore as well. After a long struggle i got refunded. Unable to move the files from one folder to another. Phone gets heat like anything.
Battery will be for hardly 5 hours, even though i use only calls and half an hour or one hour Wats app. 
2) White color - Second phone which got started hanging issue If i use any application display goes blank and nothing will respond, this is non removable battery henceforth we have to wait until phone gets responding.
Sometimes phone call will be coming and i cant see the display who is calling and if i se i will not be able to attend or disconnect the call, should wait until phone respond to it. 
From 2 days Flipkart customer care confirmed you will get a call from Motorola Service Engineer still now i didn't see any of the Motorola Service Engineer met to sort out this issues. 
Please take this as priority and sort it out.
Thanks.
Bharath.B 
 The phone is okay nothing great. But if your confused to take it or not, this review may help u.
The phone built quality is good, good speaker, primary camara is average nothing great, secondary camara is good (selfie lovers advantage), battery back up is okay usually all phones are the same. Still havent checked with the water resistance part. Pick the 16GB one 8GB is really low on space and might cause issues, HAppy with my first moto. Its a good buy if u feel 13k is not a burden on your pocket and more over any phone u buy today will last only for a year or two. So dont think too much.. Its just a phone 
 Bahut hi must set he.....iske pehle mene htc chalaya tha .....usse bahut jada maja aaya is set ko chalane me... I like it 
 As per my observation regarding this product..... 
1. Looks and features are fine with high end configuration.
2. Basic objective of mobile....Call experience is not good due to frequent signal loss. Major issue of network in roaming even my old phone which is Samsung Ace Plus 7500 was picking the proper signal of vodafone but this handset was just pick and drop signals. I think operator as Vodafone comparable better in service but issue was happening in city where other phone was working properly.
3. Cam and selfie feature is nice of this handset.
4. If you play any game around 20 -30 mints ...screen is getting too much heated and temp of overall phone is high.  
 Overall product is good only one problem that i faced is- Heating problem while playing HD games and while continuously clicking photographs for 8-10 min. 
 WORST PHONE PURCHASED EVER, FROM DAY 2ND STARTED GIVING HEATING PROBLEMS,TOUCH SCREN ISSUES AND BATTERY DRAIN IMMEDIATELY.
THE MOTOROLLA IS MAKING PEOPLE FOOL BY GIVING AWAY THIRD CLASS PRODUCTS AT A VERY HIGH PRICE, AND NOW THE BEST PART THE PHONE AUTOMATICALLY GOT SHUT DOWN AND IS NOT WAKING UP TRIED A LOT OF TIMES IT IS NOT GETTING CHARGED NEITHER ITS GETTING SWITCHED ON. SERIOUSLY DONT BUY IT OR ANY OF THE MOTO PRODUCTS. 
 Dont care about reviews defaming motorola.
This is the best mobile at this price range.
Dont just see the specs.Try to know the end user experience.
Just simply go for this best budget smartphone....-:) 
 Its bought this phone on 4th August.
The same is not charging. We should definately buy products which have proper serve centres. Now I need to run around to get the same repaired.
I thought it was indeed very convenient to buy online but now I will need to run to get the same repaired. Pooh ! Never buy online at least a phone 
 Camera doesn't even focus from near distance. speakers are too good. suggest you to not buy this if you are thinking to buy good camera phone. go with zenfone 
 1.You cannot browse the internet while on a call.
2.Chrome browser does not support multi tabs switching(very bad)
3.Difficult to share music.
4.No shortcuts to switch the Mobile data setting. You have to go to the Settings.
I bought this phone looking at its raving features, but these hidden trolls disheartened me MOTO :( 
 Hello dont buy this phone.even normal usage also .phone was getting too hot .while gaming .& browsing its temperature going upto 53c. 
 i frnds , firstly filpkart's in a day service is awesome. 
now come to the review 
No doubt this is the best phone in its range and also upto 15k, let me prove u why  
1. all the phones till 15-17k. u will find that they may have Snapdragon's 410 , but they all are 1.2MHz and MOTO G3 has 1.4GHz 
2. doesn't matter that other phones also have 2gb ram , the question is that , Is the UI of the phone so light that the phone can run smoothly with 2gb ram? 
and the answer is in front of u MOTO G3 has stock android which is so light 
3. if u are in the mood to buy a good phone u probably comparing b/w Lenovo A6000 plus , lenovo K3 note , redmi note 4g , MI4I , samsung j5 , samsung j7 and MOTO G3 . 
now all these phones have their own UI that means U CAN'T FEEL THE EXPERIENCE OF ORIGINAL ANDROID 
next ,  
lenovo and Mi having a big problem that they are getting hang as because their UI is heavy , which shows effects on ram ,that A LARGE AMOUNT OF RAM IS GETTING USED ON THESE PHONES  
and now talk about samsung J5&J7 these are rejected by me because of the name samsung with them as samsung phones will shows their realities after 6 months i hope u are agree with me ,  
now that's why I had chosen MOTO  
now for those who are having complaints about moto g3 
1. Camera:- for those who are having issues with camera , actually the camera is good but it just need a software update of camera application , no issues in the h/w 
2. display:- i know that motorola should give a 1080 display but they made an intelligent decision by increasing battery capacity , 
if they put full hd display in this phone and same battery then everyone will complaint about battery drainage . 
so i think display is right at its place. 
finally , I don't find any cons in this phone specifically the looks and feel , when u take this phone in your hand it proves its durability and the look which is so stylish .
not like the lenovo ,mi and other rectangle bars . 
i made a right decision by choosing this among all , now its your turn my frnd  
 Happy to be a owner of moto g3 (black). The product was delivered within a week. Although, there are much better - in depth - reviews about moto g3 but some of the points that I would like to put forward are: 
1. The phone has good call reception (2G/3G could not try 4G as yet!) - the voice is crisp and clear.
2. Under light/lighted conditions the picture is very good but acceptable at poor light (night mode).
3. Sound output is good even without a headphone device (but if you want to enjoy music, spend on a quality headphone device - you won't regret!).
4. Given the snapdragon 410 (MSM8916) processor (clocked at 1.4 instead of 1.2 as in other handsets from other companies) but hardly I could make a difference it its performance - a little larger PDF with graphics and colour images takes time to open (lag of +20s).
5. No frame lags on moderate intensity games.
6. If you install MS Word and Powerpoint, it will be a great experience.
7. Look for the original moto g3 flip cover (but its too expensive!)
8. For safer side its better to have a screen protector (although moto g3 has gorilla glass 3). 
9. IPX7 water resistance at 12K price is a bonus. 
10. Else, don't expect more from a 12K phone....You will be extremely happy.  
Thanks for reading. 
 First of all I wud like to review about the phone.I think this is not a phone but a 10W heater.Within 10 minutes of 3G data on,its temperature reaches to 44 to 48 degree.So I wud not suggest to buy this phone. 
Secondly flipkart is worst service provider after sell. 
 Hi Friends, 
 My opinion on MOTO G3 is.. don't think about the product you Just BUY it first.
 Excellent features.
 BUY & USE as soon as possible 
 ' FLIPKART ' Service is Outstanding  
 the mobile supports almost every application and even most of the games...sometimes the games lag becoze of the graphics and not having hd display...Overall its best mid-price phone....IF U HAVE LESS BUDGET THEN GO FOR IT!! 
 camera is very good 
display quality also bt over heating issue
and phone hangs when battery saver mode is on 
 Thanks to flipkart it was a one day delivery!!
Packing of the product was excellent.
Moto G 3rd gen is a fabulous phone in less budget.
There is no heating problem and it takes 4 hrs to charge the mobile to full.
The design of the phone and its functioning both are excellent.
There should have been a shortcut to enable and disable mobile data.
happy to have the phone. 
 Motorola Moto G3 16GB - 
1. Battery lasts well over 1.5 days.
2. The 1.4GHz processor is pretty snappy
3. The low-light of it is the battery being non-removable
4. The phone comes with very much basic apps and features.
5. Value for money 
 I Can say in one word Its awesome in this price range blindly can buy
Its very good paisa wasool mobile. 
 I purchased Moto G 3rd generation on September 2nd 2015 ,after one week of usage i discovered moto is not perfect for battery...it gives only 5-6 hours battery capacity in wi-fi. but other features are good. 
 Hi Friends,
its one of the best phone i ever used, yes I have used Note 3 with 3GB ram blah blah, but the pure android experience is with Moto G 3rd Gen, Great Camera, no lag, best in class. And yes no heating issues at all yup thats right folks, fully satisfied with this phone.
Guys I will suggest all my friends who are confused between Mi4i, Asus laser, Lenovo K3 note, Samsung J5 orJ7 and Moto G, go fot Moto G if u want a long lasting and featured packed phone. 
 I received this phone as a in a delivery and very good service from Flipkart!!!!
I have using this phone from last 4 days and really happy with performance. 
Pros:
Great clarity
Nice build quality
Awesome sound
Back panel gives very rich look and style
Battery is good for a day
Camera is just awesome ...... yes quality is less that Moto x but as this price its nice 
Cons:
Heats up little bit while playing games but as of now it now much 
I am still exploring phone and will give final review once satisfied completely  
 Mobile is very good performance,new design,best photos from fornt&back cameras,os,ram overall mobile is good.Flipkart Good thing is customer satisfaction.It is important an any services.......
 Then other online shopping market compair to flipkart so good delivery that mean before the delivery date & messages overall is good 
 It's been a while I'm with this product.. It's been like 3 weeks! I bought two pieces and both of them are working great!
Till now there's no such issue.. Camera works well but its not better than Xaomi Mi4i which apparantly my uncle is using. 
Waterproof, scratchproof, fast, light, perfect size and sophisticated, what else you need in 13k?
MINOR BUGS while playing high graphics game but other than that.. No Issue!
Go for it! You might not get better than this within 13k range!
The inbuilt Audio Equalizer is also good but not that good! It's Fine.. Better than normal.. But it DOESN'T SUPPORTS ANY OTHER AUDIO EQUALIZER!!! Apps Starts, but has zero effect when you hear! I tried 5-6 apps and it doesn't show any effect!
Two simple gestures, for camera and flashlight is really useful often times!
It would be good if you download a FILE MANAGER APP.. Because IT DOESN'T HAVE ONE. 
Either ways.. Go for it! Don't hesitate.. It's better than Samsung galaxy J5 and Xaomi MI4i in many ways! 
 as per the feed backs about Moto G3 there is no need to download 3rd party apps for supporting OTG in mobile.. but my divice is not supporting for OTG  
 The Moto G 3rd Gen is Seems full of Pkt. but all are available at an avg level 
Camera Quality is Average if you capture at 13 MP screen get synchronize.
Phone get heated with a an average 15 min of mobile operation.
In case of SMS Only One SIM accepted at a time does not asked for selection  
But Phone Does not Lag at an playing of 20-30 min. 
So the Phone is Jack of All but Master of None  
There is Nothing so Excited that you must buy that phone there are other phone also available at the same and cheper level 
 MOTO G 3rd GEN BY LOOK IS BEST BUT SOME FEATURES ARE MISSING IN MOBILE FUNCTION LIKE AS NOTIFICATION LIGHT , FUNCTION OF ENTER IN MASSAGE KEY , AND NOT SUPPORT ALL APP LOCK AND HAVE THE PROBLEM OF THE HEADSET FEATURES ETC, FURTHER WE HAVE SEEN THAT AS GOOD SMART PHONE OTHER COMPANY HAVE ALL FEATURE LIKE APP OR ANY OTHER BUT THAT PHONE NOT FULFILL ALL THINGS AS SAME POINT ABOVE, SO, I AM NOT RECOMMEND MOTO G 3RD GEN FOR THE PURCHASE THAT AMOUNT UNTIL YOU MAY PURCHASE OTHER COMPANY MOBILE AT LOWER COST WITH BEST FEATURES. 
 Got this device last week (2 Sep)
1) FM doesnt work on this phone, even when i manually entered station code(Frequency), it only produced noise
2) Heating issue when on using apps while mob is on charging. 
 in other use phone is very good(very responsive)
Request Flipkat/Moto to look into this issue ASAP 
 rear camera is not good,speaker problem.but 2gb of ram it is fast.....trust me not good phone.no file manager,no video player,no audio player except play music which is sometimes not working..... 
 - Pros:- 
1. Good Performance while general use.
2. 3g speed is very good on this device.
3. Music is Loud even though one speaker.
4.IPX 7 certification makes it waterproof(however I have not come across the scenario where this could have been tested). 
5. It has magnetometer.The specification sheet does not mention it however it has the magnetometer.So it gives a very good GPS experience. 
- Cons:- 
1. The Display is very average. The brightness is very low. Even the lower range devices have better display.
2. I have a yellowish display when compared to one with other Moto g3.The yellowish tint is clearly visible.
3. Photo Quality is below average in Low light conditions. At this Price point there are some other devices with slightly better or equal quality.So expectation was that quality should have been better here.
4. Music is loud however at full volume it slightly distorts or cracks, especially when you are on call. When the Mp3 Music is played the issue is not much seen there. However its not distorting or cracking significantly you need to carefully observe to make out.
5. FM channels can not be changed using the Earphones it needs to be changed from FM app(phone display).
6. It is heating a bit while calling. 
7. The phone hangs while playing Temple Run 2. Seen very minor frame drops while playing Candy Crush occasionally. (Even Moto G2 plays the Temple Run 2 smoothly)
8. Gyroscope Missing. 
Issues I faced with my phone:- 
1. I was not able to install any apps from the playstore. it was showing error for any app I tried to install. This is resolved now after doing the factory reset.
2. The display has a Yellow tint. It is clearly visible when I compared with other Moto G3 Device. It feels more yellowish if you compare the displays of the other brand devices e.g. Yuphoria, Yureka etc.
3. It heated even while on call for just 10 mins. The heating was not major however it is not acceptable to get heated when there is no heavy use.
4. Music quality at is not good. 
I have raised these issues to the Flipkart and Flipkart agreed to refund the amount back to me. Thanks to Flipkart for their great service. 
 Battery is not up to mark .hardly it comes to 6 hours after 3 G use.Headphone is low quality .SD card gets corrupt after the inserting it in this phone 
 Battery is not good. with 1 sim, it stands for single day with Mobil data
where in Moto G2 does the same with 2 sim on 1and half day 
 I have the issue the Caller display not coming properly as well as the back side cover also not fit perfectly 
 I have not received free Airtel Double Data Offer sim with Moto G 3rd Gen. SIM Card is not available in the BOX. Pl see. in the matter.But MOTO G Hand Set is very good looking also handy to operate. Camara quality is also good. 
 After Almost a week's use i am not very happy with the product as compared to mobiles of same price or lower price range.  
got only 11.36 GB of storage space instead of 16 , I understand System used memory but come on moto Guys almost 5 GB  
Performance is good but not at par in comparison to lower priced phones. 
Looks :- good not great 
few better features than microwax canvas 2 :- costing 6K
Similar features n not better looks than Lenovo K3 note - costing 10 K 
final verdit , not v happy with this mobile 
Value of money - 3.5 /5 for me. 
Flipkat delivery great 
 i am using this phone since 15 days it is good smart phine under 15k camera is good 
but battery is not good 
 The device is awesome, but faced heating issues. The temperature went up to 45 degree Celsius on regular basis, which is not good.
Had to return! 
Else case, it is very very good deal 
 usnig for one hour its becaming very hot .
pucture clearity is good ,touch system also good & sound system also 
 Dont go with the title of the comment... the phone is just awwwwwwesome.... Looking for smarthone under 15k.... go with this one.... and you'll never regret... I bet you...reviewing after just one day use
Pros:- 
1. User friendly(a bit xtra friendly if u ask me)
2. Slimmer then what you've seen in the videos or the Images
3. Feels gr8 in hands
4. Lollipop 5.1.1 version makes you feel like a king.
5. Both cameras are excellent.
6. Touch is amzing. 
Cons:-
1. Screen attracts dust. Cover it as soon as u buy the phone with a Screen guard
2. As a pre-user of Moto g(2nd gen) missing the pulse notification badly :( 
Overall its theeeee BEST budget smartphone under 15 k and importantly buy the 2gb ram-16gb storage-12999/- variant. Never go with the 1gb ram-8gb storage-11999 variant. 
Thanx for reading and happy shopping :) 
 it is hanging on by the sweat of my body. signal strength is also not that good.
j5 samsung is much better than this comparingly 
 moto g3 is not looking good in its design it is too heavy to keep . its camera quality is excellent as well as performance . only problem is its design and its weight . 
 I have been using the phone since 20 days. Batter backup is excellent. using 2 days with moderate usage. even for 20%, it will last around 3-4 hours if you take only calls. 
Performance was very good. smooth touch. No Bloatware. 
I am only concerned about camera.  
with low light conditions clarity is not good. don't expect much from Camera. 
 This phone is looking very good as compare to other phons in this price range. The features are awesome. The camera quality is superb. Definitely Go for it if you have to buy a smartphone in this price range. 
 2gb ram is very effective as i used UC browser,chrome,subwaysurfer,candgycrush under MULTITASKING.when i switch apps its resuming
but in prev moto g s the app starts from begining when i switch apps
worth purchase. 
 First of all thanks to flipkart for gr8 delivery. Now this phone is awesome at 13k price range. Great features, especially music lovers gonna love this phone,though the sound come only from one speaker as compared to moto g 2 gen, but believe me guys its loud and clear than the other. 
Now i have some doubt or question about the camera, buts its good in outdoor daylight.
Q. Why the picture come very noisy in indoor light? whether its rear or front, both have the same problem. Does it have any solution to solve this prob.  
pls help me guys. 
 MOTO G 3rd Generation Its really a super and a awesome device to use. Its really a buttery soft os to use. Really you can get a pure android experience. Battery life is getting in this mobile is excellent. But Please go for 16GB variant not for 8GB variant if you heavy user or a gaming user. Cameras plays a vital role in this device. Both the rear and front cameras are awesome. Particularly the feature that is available in the rear camera that is fast capturing technology is great.The device in hand fells very strong and grip well thanks to the rubbery back case.Great job done by Motorolla. Moreover specs are very decent and basic enough. But if use the device for a long time you will it is very wrong. It will give premium phone fell to guys. The pictures that are taken even in low light conditions and in artificial light conditions with rear camera are very good . one thing i want to about the hand gestures feature is super. If you shake the device the dual led flash will be on and again if you shake it will get off. The main thing is that the does'nt get heated up even when you use after 5 hours of gaming. Overall Perfomance of this device is excellent. Ilove this Motorolla G 3rd Generation a lott .This review is R.Harish Babu S/0 S.Rajagopal Periyar Nagar Chennai :600082 Mobile Number:+91-9444055070.8939223377 
 I should have given zero rating for this phone but there is no Zero rating. LCD IPS Display is worst when comparing to the other phones. Recently i have bought this phone, with in 4 days LCD display started blinking in white color in blur.
The performance of this phone is not much expected. Camera quality is low.   
 The voice drops during the call always. Person on the other side is not able to hear my voice suddenly and similarly I am not able to hear sometimes. Problem is with the basic calling feature. 
 I made best decision by purchasing this phone. I have NOT found any issues about heating, wifi, network, sound, camera problem. The hardware is good and it has stock software. I was so confused about choosing the phone while buying, I think I made good decision. I got what I paid for. I bet 2gb ram is enough for any application and future upgrades. 
Pros:
1. Battery easily lasts for a day while average browsing internet on WiFi. I don't much use 3g and 4g.
2. No heating issues, it heats very slightly while charging. But I think thats normal. 
3. No heating while playing games like in cheap chinese phones.
4. WiFi and Network has good connectivity, better than my old phones. Even in far corners of my home I get good WiFi signal.
5. Both front and rear camera are awesome. I had that twist feature turned on so camera and flash light used to turn on automatically. But I later disabled them from moto app.
6. Speakers have good quality of sound, the speaker is at front side, so watching youtube videos is good experience on this phone. 
7. The charger has 2 usb ports to charge 2 phones simultaneously. Not sure about power distribution among those ports.
8. You don't need to press power button while unlocking phone. When you take phone at your hand unlock button on screen lits up. An average person unlocks phone 110 times a day. You have minimized risk of damaging your power button by 110 times. 
Cons:
1. I wish it had octacore processor. 
 After using it for 2 weeks , music palyer and radio crashed and signal loss issue was inpremium , signal going off after 10 mins or so.... 
Dont buy this product.. 
Not sure problem from motorola or flipkart.. 
 Its camera quality is to not up to mark, gives slightly blur view. otherwise phone is perfect in its range 
 The MOTO G (3rd generation) product is good.
enjoying smooth stock android.
excellent interface
rear camera quality is not bad, front is also fine.
overall rating is 9/10
go for it.  
 I ordered the Moto G3 on Thursday the 27th of August, chose the In-a-Day guarantee and finally got the product next day morning :)  
I give Flipkart 10/10 initial rating for the above act. 
Coming to the device, 
- Contrary to public opinion, I found the device with its default black back cover light to hold in-hand. maybe I was accustomed to using my old Canvas HD A116 which had a thick flip cover that's why.
Device did feel good in-hand. Rubber back does help in some amount of grip.  
- Torch is just great. Can light up a room up to 60-70% of the brightness you'd get when you use a common light bulb. (9/10) for torch. it tends to switch off on its own at times. 
-The call quality is excellent. Using the speakerphone is a pleasure because of the sheer loudness of the speaker. Excellent work done by Motorola in the audio department for the G3. -- 9.5/10 for call quality 
- Charging speed is terrible, given its 2470mAh battery. Charges in about 3-3.5 hours. Personally I would like it to have atleast 3000mAh capacity and quick charging/equivalent facility. (4/10) 
- Bad call by Motorola for supplying a 1A capacity charger if they were giving 2 USB slots for their charger. (4/10) 
- Very clean UI (Stock Android 5.1.1 Lollipop) without lags most of the time; however sometimes small lags are evident while using the device. (8/10) 
- One of the best RAM management due to the above point.(9/10) 
- Camera is very good for this price range compared to my previous Micromax Canvas HD A116. Outdoor photos are superb with the camera. Good shutter speed as well. 
Coming to indoor pics it has done a decent job so far. The camera UI is minimalistic, I can say easily that there are enough camera stuff/features present for the average layman. Could have included tap-to-focus feature though.
Focusing is sort of a bit tricky and a letdown. (8/10) 
- 5MP Selfie camera was a massive improvement from my previous device. In indoor lighting too the images are worth the price you pay for. Should have had LED flash though. (6/10) 
- Very good image editing options in the device. It has enough customization options to compensate for the majority of photography-related deficiencies (9/10).  
- Seriously disappointed with lack of a proper file exploring application and a proper music player (No, I am not a big fan of Google Play Music).
Suggest you to download ES File Explorer and VLC for Android for the same. (6/10) 
- Going by today's data standards even 16GB internal storage (I got like 11.xx GB) is very less. Atleast 32GB should be the norm for any mid-range smartphone and above if not 64GB. Just my opinion (6/10 for this)  
- 4G networks are yet to establish properly in even the metro cities. But when the device does catch 4G the data connection is really WiFi like :) 
Guess Airtel has weak signals as far as mobile networks go here in my region, and that they need to work on their mobile infrastructure more. (8/10) 
To sum it up:-
PROS
+ Very good battery life for a light user. Very good standby time. Easy onscreen time of about 3-4 hours.
+ Primary camera is superb outdoors.
+ Secondary camera is decent outdoors.
+ Stock Android with some Moto features is very light on the device.
+ Moto display is a handy feature. Saves load on the battery as far as notifications is concerned.
+ Superior call quality assuming that the network in your area is good.
+ Speakerphone is a breeze. Also sound output is excellent for this smartphone for this price range. Truly an audiophile's smartphone simply put :) 
CONS 
- Has to be the long charging time. If the Mi 4 in its current pricing can have turbocharging then why not this.
- For a charger having 2 USB ports, the charger output should have minimum 2.1A output on one of the USB ports. 
- Photos have considerable noise when doing indoor photography. 
Didn't bother much regarding the screen and gaming though; gaming it's all based on how the devs have done the testing on their apps. 
All in all a great device for a light user in this price range. 
 1. Camera Quality is very low.
 Whwn You Click in indoor its too bad , But if u click in outdoor then its good but not the best. Picture has no sharpness in zoom its blur pictures.
 so for camera lovers its not a good phone.
2. Speed is too good. phone operating speed is good.we can open more apps on one time.
3. Weight is too heavy according to upcoming new phones in market. its 155 g and micromax also launches a smartphone with just 97 grams , lenovo also 128 g . but it is too heavy.
4. Not a slim phone.
5.good user interface.
6.battery is also average  
 honest review after 3 day use .
it is simply superb ,wonderful brosing speed 5' inch HD dispay ,,long lasting battery,2 GB RAM most wonderful camera from motorola 
THANKS TO MOTOROLA 
 i am using moto g 3rd generation 2GB variety for last 3 days.i found no lack in this device..
 ## pros-1. good ram 2GB so awsom fast working
 2.16 GB internal.you can install softward in SD card.i l am surprise to see it. :) 
 3. it is water resistantt..i did it..so it is IPX7 water resistant.
 4.it is 2470 mAh battary..that last for 1 days after continue on wifi..  
 ## cons-1.Screen gets a bit warm at times
 2. camera good in day light,but noisy in artificial light.
 dont worry guys it is awsom in that price range....go to moto g3 without any hesitation..... :) :) :) 
 THIS IS GREAT PHONE 
WHAT IAM EXPECT FROM THIS.
ALL FEATURES ARE EXCELLENT...G2 HANGING ARE THERE.
BUT IN THIS NO HANGING. 
I RECOMMENDED FOR FRIENDS ALSO 
 I want to share only cons
1:there is lack of touch sensitivity when u want to move cursor to desired place while editing text,it don't go to desired position either 1 alphabet before or after.
2:camera quality has some issues when u want to click very near object ,then clarity is very poor.
3:sometimes H(INTERNET) signal gets automatically lost &u have to either restart phone/switch on-off sim /rely on aeroplane mode.
4:timing of flash is poor ,flash reflects in clicks.  
 i am not so happy with this phone the screen is not so good look wise you will get when you buy it and yourslef see it i buyed this phone nad when i see it the first thought in my mind comes is that i should buy moto g 2nd generation its better than 3rd one but now i am not so happy with this phone when i play heavy games its get heat up motorola company plz do look on my review and do something for this phone  
 I ordered this phone from Flipkart app on 2nd August,2015 and received the phone on 7th August.  
1. Camera: The 13 MP camera is powerful enough to capture high definition pictures and videos. The secondary camera is capable to drive any selfie lover crazy. So the camera quality is excellent. Have no doubt about that.  
2. Pixel Density: If you are a person who loves to watch YouTube videos or for that matter any shared videos, this phone is your best bet. The ppi density is rich @294ppi and you'll have a breathtaking experience watching HD videos. This phone is HD in the real sense.  
3. Speed: With 2 GB RAM and a powerful quad core processor this phone is a beast. It has been more than 20 days since I've been using this phone and even though I have installed tons of games in my phone, I haven't observed any time lag at all. Even high intensity games like Asphalt 8, run smoothly without any issue whatsoever. 
4. Battery Life: The battery life isn't something to boast about but still on average use - normal gaming, YouTube videos, whats app, Facebook and music, the battery would last the entire day.  
But the main confusion among customers these days is whether to go for Lenovo K3 Note or Moto G gen 3. I agree that Lenovo's K3 looka lucrative deal given such powerful specs at only Rs.10000 but let me tell you why Moto G3 has an edge over Lenovo K3: 
1. Specs are not everything: Yes i do agree that specs are important but they are not the only measure of phone's quality. Other factors have to be taken into account too.  
2. Waterproof: If you are a person who's careless about his phone most of the times like me then MOTO G3 is for you. What's even better is that you can use your phone outside even when it's raining. I have tried it and it's cool. K3 doesn't have this feature.  
3. Looks: MOTO G3 looks premium and has a fine finish. It's great to hold in hand and is quite comfortable. K3 looks kind of cheap.  
4. Gorilla Glass : Now I don't need to tell you that a scratchless phone screen is way better than a phone that won't be recognizable after a few scratches. Moto G3 again wins here.  
Verdict : MOTO G3 - 4, Lenovo K3: 0 
 The phone Moto G3 build quality is fantastic. Back panel looks great, easy to hold. It comes with gorilla glass. Screen resolution is vivid. 
Pros:
1) Great camera with new features.
2)Water resistant.
3)Shaking the phone twice to turn on flash light.
4)Twisting the phone twice to turn on camera.
5)Back panel can be changed with different colors.
6)Android Stock updates. 
Cons:
1) SAR - is more 1.069 W/kg.
2) Battery - 2470 mAh
3) Processor - Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 MSM8916, Quad Core 
Thanks 
 first of all keep in mind that its only 13k...my frank opinion and pros and cons 
*what i liked the most is battery life, its freaking awesome, i could a screen on time of almost 7-8 hours which many phones dont give
*display is good if you havent used 1080p displays, because its only 720p which i think ok for all of us,but if u are looking for good display with cool colour contrast then its a no
*performance:its too fast for multitasing without any lag...but while playing very high games you will observe some frame drops 
*camera:its not excellent but its ok in daylight but not that appreciated in dull lightings
gestures, build quality and water resistance is its special abilities...
DONT DONT:::::
while water testing if under great pressure from taps or if back cover is loose then water enters inside then you could face these problems which many are facings right now..
...small lines on display,lag, and speaker disturbance sound...you can enjoy water resistance but not under pressured water
OVERALL THIS IS ONE OF MY BEST MOBILES ,DEFINITELY GO FOR IT 
 White colour looks dull when compare with moto e white, moto e looks bright for look. Camera is good, remaining specifications are ok 
 As the title says this is my first android device and fell in love with first touch.
Was using the indestructible Lumia 520.
Since the promotions won my attention to this pristine product bought it brought it to my life.
Basically a Solid and sturdy phone for a hard use and great for games.
The UI is extremely smooth and moto Assist helps a lot.
Basically a great phone for 13 k and I personally believe investing more than 15 k on a phone is insane but if I get this quality and realtime apps I would pay more. 
Awesome phone for a great deal. 
 this is the best phone i never seen, best camera quality, best picture quality and speed is also very good. 
 I have purchased the mobile very recently and it is too good.
performance , camera clarity and resolution was too good. 
 I had always been skeptical about Motorola phones in the past. But now no more. This phone is so awesome that for the first time I had never been happier with an Android phone. Let me sum up briefly my experience for the past 10 days or so.  
Display: The display is sharp and crisp, colours are vibrant and although has less and outdated resolution (1280X720), the screen quality is very good.  
Sound: Despite Moto G3 coming with a single speaker, it is very loud and clear. I measured the level with a decibel meter and it maxed at 82 decibels which is great. 
Performance: Moto G3 is all about user experience rather than beefy specs with poor performance. With SD 410 and Adreno 306, the UI and gaming experience were splendid. No lags whatsoever with many games I tested (Subway surfers, Temple Run, Angry Birds 2) although may lag on very high end games at high settings a little. No complaints as the user experience is all that matters. Also didn't face any heating issues whatsoever.
Battery: With 2470 Mah, the battery life is stellar and it lasts me an average of 2 days with moderate usage and 3 days with light use. 
GPS: This is an icing on the cake for Moto G3. The GPS is outstanding and I am getting a lock within 3 - 4 seconds with no WiFi or mobile networks. The signal strengths are really high (measured with GPS test) and accuracy is impressive. I am getting about 10 - 13 feet accuracy which may be the highest for civilian use.  
Call quality: No qualms here. In call quality is loud and clear with no disturbances. 
Camera: The rear camera is very good with sharp pictures and natural colours and much improved over the previous gen. Some amount of noise might be present in low light but not much to complain. Same goes for the front camera. 
Apart from this the only major con I could think of is the lack of a notification light which isn't a great deal when having moto display but atleast could have been an option included. 
Another issue is the lack of gyroscope with which I haven't faced an issue yet as all motion sensor games are working flawlessly.  
I am planning to buy the next Moto G as well ;) 
Highly recommended and best bang for the price. 
*update*
OTG is not working. Read through a couple of problems and it was stated that many are facing the issue. Moto has cheated by stating that it provides OTG but infact only few G3s support it. The older ones (made in China) did but not the newer ones (Indian make). Too bad I found it late. 
 Its been about 1 week since I got the product. The phone is no doubt living up to expectations.
Pros
It has got some nice sensors that makes ur life easy like opening of camera with twist of ur wrist.
No bloat-wares. Hence not irritating. 
Battery lasts full day with moderate use.
Supports external memory card.
Water resistant. 
Cons
The only major con I found is it takes about 2.5 hours to charge completely from zero. 
Not used 4G yet. 
 I have a Moto G 2nd Gen too and I would say that the improvements aren't as remarkable as they could have been, nevertheless, a reliable device from a reliable brand. 
Had some heating issues in the beginning but resolved once I reset the device with sim inserted. 
 The product was received before the committed date, which was the best part. Thanks to Flipkart for such a fantastic timing. The phone is amazing, looks good, could perform transfers using moto application from one handset to other which was a blessing. Good camera and overall is light compared to most of the phones. Seems to be worth the buy !!! 
 AWASAM phone with awasam stylish looks.... heavyily smooth.... and awasam delivery by flipkart.. within 2 days.... 
 The model is very good and the usage of the mobile is very easy & nice. Btr they are not given offer what they are mention. 
 The camera feature is good specially the rear one is excellent but the front one is normal.......the main drawback is that there is not preinstalled 
(a) file manager and 
(b) music player....
The back greep is very good....... 
hope that in the next update the file manager and music player will be added........
Overall the product is good 
 Motorola's Moto G3 is a real beast in this range. 
for 12999 it is every penny worth it.
Believe it or not this is my First Android Phone in my Life time. I was a windows phone user for years.. Nd i love the decision to move to android especially Motorola.
Pros-
Great Build Quality
Good Display
Battery Backup
Water Resistant
Stock Android
Cons-
Takes more than 2 hours for charging.
Headset given with the device is average.
Front cam is average. 
Overall iam very much satisfied with Moto G3. 
Flipkart delivery was excellent as usual. 
 Awsome phone but the back cover appears to be slight yellowish which makes the phone to look old.
rest all is good. 
 Buy this phone on 28th of July on its release date.
Till i feel its a very great phone with powerful camera with great battery backup also.
1. Awesome processing speed
2 Camera very powerful 
3 Great battery 
4 look is faad 
5 will not face any storage problems of deleting apps or photos  
Highly recommend from my side. 
 A brilliant phone .. a great upgrade from Moto g 1 to moto g3 .. really liked it.. if it had LED notification and full HD display.,, that would be awesome !! 
 This Bang for the Buck Device is a must for non iphoners .If you don't have a MotoG3 u just Don't have it. 
 Great look and great performance !! just for 13k!!! i have Moto G , Moto G2 and Moto E... compared to all motos, Moto G3 rocks!!! just wow...fantastic camera both rear and front !! good option for selfie too..  
pros: 
1.) HD IPS display with 180 degree viewing angle.
2.) Camera is absolutely fine both front and back. 
3.) 17 hours of continuous usage and 15% battery remains.
4.) Just one shake to open camera and flash light..
5.) IPx7 water resistance with 30 min durability under water.
6.) Speaker is excellent and greater than Moto G2.
7.) USB on the go works pretty well.
8.) No lagging with the games so far! 
Audio 10/10.
Camera 8/10.
GPU 9/10.
look 10/10.
Battery 9/10.
Display 10/10.
Performance 10/10.  
cons:
1.) big display (5") harder to use with one hand just like Moto G2 
________________________________________________________________  
Overall good mobile for 13k ... just go for it !   
 I guess you would all be waiting for the things this phone can't/can do so here is my review for all of you. 
- VE's
1. Battery drain = its a huge problem, keeping in mind that its competitors Samsung J7, Xi Mi 4, Zenforce All of them has considerably large battery life's.
2. Touch is one the things that will let you down.
3. If you are a Music lover and listen songs all day (Don't buy this phone), this phone isn't for you. Though this is the only phone except samsung J7 that provides ear phones, but its quality will let you down. 
+ VE's
1. Despite various obligations that its back cover isn't strong, it actually holds firmly. On the + side its waterproof.
2. Operation is smooth, you can work with various apps simultaneously and it wont disappoint. (or crash)
3. Charging is swift takes very less time to charge to its full capacity.
4. It's a phone for Businessmen. I think its the only phone that has conference calling capability. 
 First of a great delivery service by flipkart fro delivering the product in juast a day... 
Really happy with mobile ... best android phone available at this price bracket.. 
 Ive waited waited waited and finally met my moto g
Ive been searching for the best phone...and i got it
im not detailing any specs u already know that
its just awesome 
 Loved it. I was using htc desire 816 before this till it gets stolen. but this phone is a killer, i do not find any lag or hanging problem after 2 weeks of usage. battery easily lasts upto a full day mix usage . 4g speed is also good. OTG supportable is a big Advantage..
Go for it without any doubt.... 
 suprb device as i ever knew them for their quality.\
not doubt it is better then previous generation . that's a big thing and impressive to give regular upgrades . 
performance not depend of high end specs as almost micromax , samsung user say always . 
it depends on build quality and thier manufacturing process.
all moto devices are strong . 
a little thing i miss a led indicator n dual speakers. 
devices is awesome .
buy with no doubt . 
feel the motorola power n quality .
i use motorola since i buy my first cell moto yuva w270
n series continues razr v3, v3i , krazr , razr v8, droid razr xt912, xt910, droid razr m , razr hd maxx, droid ultra , 
moto g 1st , moto e2nd , moto 2 2nd, moto x 1st , 2nd, 
now to moto g 3rd gen .
fab moto .
thanks a lot to glevin brothers to gave a such a iconic motorola to world. 
Hello Moto... :) 
 1.Superb phone..
2.No heat issue (after testing five days).
3.Battery backup superb (continuously HD game playing upto 6hrs). what else do u want haah!
4. last but not the least.. superb delivery by flipkart.. 
Thanks for reading amigoes.. :) 
 It is a great phone for the cost. Battery lasts really long, may be it will deprecate after some time. 
But build quality, screen quality, sound quality and camera quality all good. 
 A big THANKS to Motorola Company for making such a great cell phone within 13 K. 
Please make it with removal battery (specially for Indian). 
 Me and my friend both ordered Moto G (3rd Generation), 
I do not received Airtel SIM that is in offer. 
My friend mobile supporting OTG, but my does not, so i am replacing my product. 
When i am replacing product it is showing some error occurred on page multiple times and after that request submitted. 
But it will take 2 more days to process request, i am waiting for request to process. 
Please test all the functionality and when you received your product so that you can replace your product immediately. 
 I have using Moto G 1st generation from last 18 months and now i got this new New Moto G 3rd generation.  
Lets talk about the build quality 
It's amazing, It fits nicely in hands And gives a premium look. The new Back panel used by Motorola is Really better Than 1st and 2nd Generation back panel.  
Now It's about performance 
Performance is indeed the top notch, that's usual with motorola smartphones. 
Phone is really fast, Battery will give you a full day to charge it again. Camera Will take some amazing pictures And It'll never lag. 
It's been 18 moths I haven't noticed a single lag in my Moto G 1st generations, Though a few glitches ( That's really generous ) 
Let's talk about pros: 
- 2 Gigabytes of ram 
- Battery life ( It's a nice upgrade) 
- Both rear and front cameras are amazing ( If you're a selfie addict then this is your thing ) 
- The gestures ( Don't be afraid when lost in the dark, Just a chop-chop And Your Smartphone will enlighten up your world again. Twist your wrist, Now take selfies And wonderful pictures. 
- Speakers ( Speakers Are really loud and clear and cause It's on the front side of the phone you can watch movies without even using your earphones 
- This phone is now water resistant ( but don't do something stupid that'll make you regret ) 
- Gorilla Glass Protection ( Will save your phone screen ) 
- Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 ( Though It's not a major update, but Snapdragon Processor will never slow down your phone and )  
A few Cons 
- Low Pixel density ( Motorola should have worked on it, Even The Display of Moto G 1st generation is sharper than 3rd generation. 
- 720x1280 Display ( It should have been Full HD )  
Though Display Is Still Very good, So These won't be the major cons And Motorola had to keep the price low So that's maybe the reason of that.  
Overall: This Phone Can't Be Ignored And Must be Bought If You're looking for a Smartphone under 20k. 
 I'd suggest something Don't buy Xiomi, Micromax, Lenovo, honor, Asus, One Plus One, gionee or any other chinese smartphone Cause They will give you the Specifications but Specifications Are nothing when performance is absent, It's always the trap so remember that.   
 Pros:
Likes everything, almost everything.
Cons:
All hardware parts are not optimized for performance.
1. Just check out the camera quality.
Issues:
1. Give a missed call to the number on the phone.
From the notification bar, try to call back. Phone hangs. Expectation is, it will dial the number.
2. Same issue as above, for the SMS feature, while opening a sms from a number where already many massages will be there.
3. For me, the phone has hanged thrice in a span of 3 weeks. 
I know people here will tell, 'Expectations are more for the amount paid'.
But with such specifications, do we expect such performance? 
And thank you flipkart for marketing such phones. 
 Good budget phone. light weight and comfortable to use and very easily handling. only one thing is that phone rear camera is not good its to low quality it is not 13 mp its is like 8 mp. front cam is very sexy and nice. touch quality and gaming performance is superb. speed of mobile good. no hanging and heating issue.sound quality awesome because giving two speakers in front. i like moto mobiles because i have already use moto g 2 and now using moto g 3. so anybody want good mobile definetly go this product. i m giving this 4.2 star out of 5 
 Headphones provided are not having good sound quality and not easily wearable.
Overall Nice phone with nice Camera quality. 
Thanks Motorola for the nice phone. 
""Flipkart as usual as ever very nice."" 
 Purchased Moto g 3rd Gen 16gb varient from flipkart. Ordered it on 20Aug and got it on 22th Aug. I am Very happy with flipkart services Amazing price and offers also. Now about Moto g 3rd gen : 
 pros : 
1. 2 GB ram make it super-fast and no hanging is there .
2. phone has got good body and its back panel gives you a holding grip .
3. battery backup is Excellent.
4. Rear Camera is OK for pictures. Front camera is great and give good selfies.
5. processor is good 
6. Best Part is that the phone is waterproof so don't take tension to carry smartphone anywhere even in rain. 
Cons :
Few Heating Problem
Camera quality is poor in low light.
UI Problem is there like i can't turn my data off. To do so i either have to goto aeroplane mode or turn my battery saver on. but that is not the perfect solution. 
Overall i can say its a good phone under 13k if u want it for security purposes like prevent it from water. also day light photography is best.So if you have budget of 13k then go for it.or you can wait for its next version which will bring more spec. 
 it's having problem in display. i can see vertical lines on dislay viewvable at particular angle when screen is off. i also exchanged once but new one also have same problem. not noticeable when screen is on. otherwise it's a good phone. all are great features. 
 I am highly satisfied with this product. No cons from me..... only one word "Amazing"
Just Go for it :) 
 Flipkart delivered product as per the commitment i'm happy with that, Now coming to product review, After using more than 15 days i found mobile getting heated up very easily after 10 min uses( normal uses call & messages) rest of features are very good.  
Pros: * Camera
 * Display 
Concern * Battery
 * Get heated. 
 * Bit Heavy 
 In this price range this phone is really good. The ease of use and the overall performance of the handset makes it worth to have.
The ves:
OS- Very smooth and least cluttered with apps. Free of heavy customizations and gives you near stock android experience.
Camera: Ease of use of touch to click the shots makes it quite comfortable and handy to use.Also the picture quality is very good.
RAM: 2GB makes it quicker and better
Battery life: It lasts whole day on ample use of 3G, Wi-Fi, calling. Good battery backup.
Water proof : Excellent and bonus feature and it is very useful in some or the other situation when the handset my get wet.
4G/3G: Good network latching ability and faster speeds supported. 
Cons: Price is bit on higher side in comparison to the specifications offered by other vendors in the market such as Lenovo, Samsung (J7) etc.  
But overall a very decent buy. 
 The phone with Ideal Features and Screen Size:
Best phone available in this range, solid build, classy looks...
Did not use much since it arrived yesterday...(The delivery took a week due to mass orders). 
Pros:
Screen Size (Dont like the 5.5" Screen Size Phones)
Camera is Awesome (especially rear)
Gaming is more than Average..
Dispay/Touch Awesome...
Good back cover
Multitasking is smooth.
No Heating issues coz of Quad Core Processor. 
Cons:
Whatsapp data goes in Phone Memory rather than memory card.
Storage could have been 32 GB.. 
Overall: Value 4 money...Go 4 it.. 
 poor voice clarity
unlock key is faulty
camera really sucks...is it 13 mp? middle finger moto g3...earlier i was using moto g2 it too had the same problem with unlock key...you have to press hard to unlock the phone..lenovo and zen phone providing far better camera experience in low priced phones..SAR value also too high...   
 I am writing this review after using this for more than 2 weeks. I won't bore you with the specs but rather I'll try to sum up the experience of using it.
1. It feels premium. 
2. It is waterproof. 
3. Moto display is an amazing feature. Just pick up your phone to see your notifications and the time. It's better than glance screen in windows. 
4. Stock Android. This a major thing. Many of you will just complain about the Snapdragon 410. In today's age people choose a phone by its megapixels and its GHz. Its not that simple. Any non stock Android phone's UI consumes a huge chunk of RAM, take Mi or Zenfone UI. Stock Android doesn't consume RAM anywhere close to that. 
5. This is the closest feel you would get to a Nexus device at this price range, an iteration of the aforementioned point. 
6. RAM. I have 3 pages of apps. At anytime I have around 800 MB of RAM empty. No lags. 
7. Camera: I haven't tested much and can't confirm the importance of dual flash but yes, the pictures do appear clear. 
8. Display: The display ain't full HD. Tell you what? it doesn't matter. In your day to day use, a full HD display only consumes more battery as opposed to visible differences, 
9. GPS, WiFi and Bluetooth work accurately. No there isn't NFC :( 
10. It has Google Cards!!!! Read it again. Yes it does like all Nexus devices. 
11. Chop-chop for flash and twisting for camera, if you fancy those features they're really pretty useful. 
12. Battery backup is pretty good. Add to that, you get a dual point charger. It's 1.15A. Charges appreciably fast. 
13. Lollipop 5.1.1  
All Moto devices have a very good reputation. Before buying this, I had two other options:
Mi4- RAM consumption and the UI
Zenfone 2 ZE550ML-size and other options. But mind you this one was a beast. It will lag over time. 
Thanks for patiently reading!
You won't regret buying this phone :) 
 First of all product delivery.. as always flipkart rockzz Got my moto g3 just after 3 days. This is my first phone in moto series. Im quite satisfied with my moto g3.
I am writing this review after 20 days of usage. Ill not write about the specs as its already known to every one
1. Build quality: Its really quite impressive. Its quite sturdy in design. Feels a premium experience while handling. Back have awesome grip. The curved back makes it quite handy. The most imp thing is ITS WATER PROOF!!!!!! Even in this price.. Over all very good build quality.
2. Display: It have wide viewing angles. Feels good watching videos, have sharp colours. No problem in watching in sunlight also.
3. Battery: This is the main section where moto impressed me very much. Using wifi nearly 20 hours continuously, playing games, songs and many more but battery remains nearly 1 and a half day!!!!!!! Amazing.. In short you can enjoy your phone fully without tension of draining of battery. Moto rockzz in this field.
4. Performance: I played many games like subway surfer, plant Vs zombies 2, asphalt 8, and many high end games and got impressed by its performance. No heating problem at all which is major drawback in phones like mi, K3 note even it has quad core processor. Speakers are quite loud no problem even it has only one front speaker The other one is ear piece. During call the voice quality is superb.. 
5. Camera: I love moto g3 camera. Rear camera is awesome photos clicked from rear camera is too much impressive The photo quality of rear camera even in low light condition is quite good. Camera captures the pic too fast no problem at all Now the front camera It also works perfectly. The pic captured from front camera is quite impressive.. The only thing is that while taking pic from front camera it takes a little time but its tolerable The video can be shoot at 1080p. Twist gesture to start the camera is awesome, I liked it ? And most amazing thing the slow video recording is great ? Overall a nice phone for those to love to take photos..
Overall a superb phone in this segment with all the features u want and with the trust and quality of moto..
So if u r buying phone with around 10 to 15k budget dont think about anything just wo with moto G3 and I am quite sure u will be in love with this phone.
JUST GO WITH IT!!!!!!!!!  
 By using this Phone i m so happy... super fast... good rear and front camera quality... with the latest android 5.1.1... no lag at all... and gaming is also so good... can played almost all the heavy games in the market... and always there are enough free ram like 1.2 GB free with some of the task open... buy it u will like it...! 
 Almost all the features which a phone should have and in 13k . That's cool. Good phone. The best phone of motorola so far. 
 First my warm thanks for the delivery flipkart 
Nice smartphone at 13k in budget. This is best in class as compare to Moto G 2nd gen. Less heating issues as compered to Lenovo K3 Note. Better gaming experience. Overall good performers. Just go for it.. 
 i have used this product for a week now. Its just an awesum phone to work with. Whether you talk about camera,features, performance, battery backup everything works perfectly. 
Few features like Radio, moving apps to sd card, editing pics in gallery,front camera, taking pics in single tap is amazing. Phone design is great and grip of the phone is great.  
Only few basic features like multiple contact deletion is missing. 
 Handles pretty much anything that is run by other "high end smartphone or a flagship device"...
previously had gionee elife s5.5 a beautiful elegant phone but a water dip ruined my life briefly(this one would've sustained the dip)..turned towards Moto G2 which was awesome too..
But out of the blue this cracker of a smartphone was out and i couldnt wait to own it...once i had, it just felt so easy...
best features: 
a decent display..5" perfect to answer calls..not too less in resolution..
lollipop and 1st to get google updates - most alluring feature that drew me towards Moto..
13Mp camera - great upgrade...
dual speakers(one for voice and the other for media)..
browsing with 4G sim great...
sturdy build quality...
moto apps are pretty helpful... 
no cons as of now and in futuristic sense there may be something but looks set to run easily for a year or two.. 
Ultimately my MOTO experience has been outstanding...very much satisfied with its performance...so i welcome others to join in and say "Hello Moto" like the robot voice in ads 
 5/5***** Superb !!!! but the main issue is low capacity battery....  
In upcoming version (G-4) plz try to increase battery capacity not less then 3000mAh. 
 I got this phone few days back with one day delivery option and Flipkart delivered it within 24 hours. Thanks to that! The phone is simply awesome. Its look, functionality, user interface, camera, body everything. Well only the shortcuts are limited on home screen. May be I need to explore more if it is possible add some custom Settings shortcuts. 
 pros
..................
Phone is too fast to do multi task.
Camera quality is superb.
Sound is superb.
No lagging issue at all.
Every thing is perfect. 
cons(Front Cam)
.........
I got a issue with front cam which moto need to fix it .
when you are using front cam ,Moto has not disabled flash automatically . so at the moment when u capture picture when flash is enable, you will see some yellow color screen. and the picture which came was very slightly dark.
********
But when you are making the flash off and taking picture then no problem . it does shoot nice picture with no yellow color screen.  
 Budget phone.
Perfect value for money. 
Movement feature for Camera and RAM enhances performance. 
Perfect Android!!!!!   
 Moto G (3rd gen) is a perfectly build smartphone with a hassle free user experience. This is my first android phone after using windows (lumia 520). And frankly i am impressed. 5 inch screen device is the perfect size for single handed usage. The black colour model looks stylish and sexy. No lag in opening of apps or switching between apps. All in all a good smartphone from Moto. 
 Pros: 1) Way better battery life than other android phones. 2 Days with medium usage and battery saver
2) Moto Features are added bonus, nothing flashy but decently useful
3) Easy to hold and well built
4) LTE is butter smooth and blazing fast with Airtel
5) Pure Android is a blessing 
Cons: 1) Heated up in the first run after some mild gaming and also the phone hung , dearly miss the battery removal process, but haven't experienced the same until now. 2) Aweful headphones, and phone sound quality is average (even with better headphones)
3) Can't trust the water resistant mechanism as the back cover never covers the phone perfectly. There is small gaps near the edges and I'm damns sure that water might get in.I have pressed all edges, corners and the near the camera, as suggested in the manual and still gap prevails near the edges, just enough for water to flow(Probably) 
On the other note, I think 2 GB RAM is overkill, given the buttery smooth experience of Lollipop and 1 GB RAM should suffice for all basic and general needs. Haven't exceeded 750 MB RAM until now with moderate high number of simultaneous apps running 
 I Used it for a week now, overall feels like a premium device. When you hold this device in your hand, it feels sturdy and quite easy to operate considering the ergonomics of design. Okay lets come to the pros and cons, starting with the pros:-
pros:
1.Firstly I must say that the battery usage is optimized, lasting me through an entire day, with moderate usage.(video calling ,gaming, browsing and youtubing).The charging time is too long to my liking as it comes with a 1100 mA charger.
2.This phone is optimized for heavy intensive gaming, I ran games like Modern combat 5, Gangster Vegas, asphalt 8 airborne, brothers in arms 3,Mortal Combat, Batman Arkham city. Neither did I face any heating issue nor did i face any lag.
3.Audio quality is impressive, both through the front firing speaker the headphones.
4.Stock android so around 1100 MB of ram is always available, so android experience is smooth.Absence of unnecessary bloatware makes the overall experience smooth and immersive.Feeling a little optimistic for Android M, as Motorola phones get updates as per my experience.
5.Moto x active display which compensates for the missing LED notification. You also get Moto x like gestures like twist to launch camera app, double chop to turn on flash light.
6.Call quality is great, noise cancellation through dual microphones.
7.Although Motorola gave Qualcomm snapdragon 410 quadcore chipset, they overclocked it to 1.4 Ghz, instead of the regular 1.2 Ghz.
8.Through various benchmarks I found that read/write performance of RAM is fast.
9.Builtin camera App is very handy including features like slow mo video recording. CCT flash is there to balance the color tone of the image. Almost minimal shutter lag.
10.Water resistant!.
11.Although I am personally not satisfied with the 410 chipset ,but Motorola has done a good thing not going with the ominous 615 which really ave a lot of people headaches regarding the heating issue.Its able to run most the graphics demanding games due to the optimization between the display(5" HD, with 294ppi) and the adreno 306 GPU.
cons:
1.Expected full HD(1080p) display at this price point.
2.No Gyroscope is present things like Google cardboard will not work properly.
3.Battery although sufficient couldve been more close to 2600mah or more.
4.Camera, although they say it is the same one as in Nexus 6, But I am not impressed with the low light performance of the camera, giving a poor noisy and grainy images.
The front facing camera gives a "cartoonised" appearance to the image.
5.The display has a yellowish tinge to it.
6.Motorola could've provided a better hardware considering the type of phones we see in the market. The 410 is a very old chipset not much of an upgrade from the previous gen Moto G, same hardware is there in Moto E 2nd gen.
7.No notification LED. 
On a personal note, I am satisfied with the device and I do recommend this.Having used a Moto phone before, I do appreciate the quality that I get from Motorola. I Will continue to update, if I come across any issues.And thanks to Flipkart for a speedy delivery! 
Updates:
-After almost two weeks of use, I can say that the battery life is insanely good!!, best standby time i've ever seen.
-Sound from the front speaker is really loud!.The loudness doesn't affect the fidelity(doesn't distort or cause clipping).
-Its weird to find the lack of sim ejecting springs in the sim card slots,so its difficult to eject the sims.Some of my sim cards got stuck and it took a lot of effort to get it out.
-Its taking longer than usual for the camera to focus on the object.   
 I bought this device on the very day of its launch. This is a beauty, this device is, certainly. In the very beginning, I would say, no device should be compared solely on the basis of specs, but the user experience. Cutting short, lets go straightaway to my experience: 
Looks and build (4.5/5):
Perfect grip, superb shape and good screen to body configuration. Gorilla glass is good and no screen guard should be required. The rim or chrome is a little easier to get scratched, its plastic, but its just fine. Rest all is great, good grip and good shape. 
Specs and user experience (5/5):
I have combined these two aspects because they always go hand in hand. I will not say much about specs, you will find them easily; but that they are very balanced. Have you ever found Apple bragging about their specs? You should refrain comparing this device solely on the basis of specs with Lenovo Note (despite being a parent company now) or MI or Micromax phones. I have seen drops on Asphalt 8 on phones possessing octa-core processors, but not on this. I suggest you to go for higher model though. The user experience is comparable to the likes of Samsung S4 or OnePlus One. There is no lag whatsoever, which is 'always' seen in phones under 15K.  
Battery (4.5/5):
Battery is very good. It easily lasts a full day on constant 3G usage, a 2 hour movie and 2-3 hours music, along with normal talk time and other minor usage. I however did not use it on 4G. 
Camera (3.5/5):
Camera was never a strong point for Moto G, but 3rd Gen has much better camera than 1st or 2nd Gen. Plus point is that, flash is very much powerful, hence, photos captured in dark are reasonably good. Native app allowing slow motion video recording is a plus. However, front camera is better. 
Music and Sound (5/5):
I will dare to compare the sound quality with iPhone, though some people may disagree. But believe me, its enough loud. You may need to install some app though. Convertible speakers like we have in Nexus 6 is absent. 
Screen (4.5/5):
Screen is reasonably good and perfectly readable in brightest sunlight. Pixel density is enough. 
Pros: 
1. Water resistance: certainly a plus point, and indeed this is a good water resistant phone. I literally immersed it in water for a good one minute. Mind you, it is not waterproof phone however, i.e., you cannot use it under water. The touch screen doesn't function under water, I tried to use a remote and timer to capture photo under water, but there was a problem in focussing. Still this is not a con since we currently do not have major brands providing water resistance at this price. 
2. No bloatware: Moto has done great work in providing near stock android and this is a big plus. It makes phone much faster for the available specs. 
3. Charger has two USB ports which is fantastic, moreover, the shape of USB is not perfectly rectangle, and this helps us to put the wire correctly even without looking at it. 
4. The gestures are simply amazing, to switch on torch or camera and work flawlessly. 
Cons: 
1. No con as such, but I will mention relatively poor camera performance as one. Still, I must mention that it is much better that phones in the same price range. 
2. The second con I may mention is that whenever you dip your phone in water completely, whether or not accidently, you have to remove the back cover safely at some other time and dry it. Water certainly goes inside the cover, but as it is water resistant, it does not enter the sealed phone. It is recommended that you dry it after you reach relatively dry location. 
Note: You get a free 4G ready airtel SIM with the cell. You do not need to visit airtel shop if you already have a airtel connection. 
 Nice Phone with attractive look, camera quality is perfect. better than any samsung and other phones of this range. 
 Nice product from Motorola!!!
I recently purchased and as of now no issues.
The performance was amazing.
Slim and sleek is beauty. 
 I would want to thank Flipkart for choosing this product for sale in their website and their prompt delivery of the product. Thanks Motorola !! You have done it once again. The price has been kept reasonable and hardware specs though not top of the line, have been beautifully matched with the software and the result is a beautiful phone running almost raw android with zero lag and zero heating issue. The camera has been bumped up and the output image quality is good if not great. Though heavy games are not recommended for this phone, it is able to handle them very well. Finally there is IPX7 certification for peace of mind. Go for the 16GB model with 2GB RAM and you would not repent your decision. 
 No hanging issue and best hardware. 
I m very after using last 10 days & mobile sounds and design is very good. 
 Completely satisfied with the product, though a bit disappointed with flipkart delivery this time. 
About the product 
Pros
1. IPX 7 rating - tested it under waterfall
2. Camera - Good quality. though low light images can be better
3. Form Factor - Good to hold and carry around
4. Good build quality
5. Battery lasts a day with full day 3G, 1-2 hrs of calling and moderate usage.
6. Motorola Brand satisfaction 
COns
1. Nothing to cry about at this price point, though display can be atad better  
 About phone- THE PHONE IS GOOD AND NICE WITHI VERY GOOD CAMERA. (Only thing that there is no touch sound when i type text or very low sound on other place toches . I still have to confirm whether this is feature of moto g3 or some defect) 
About offers- No I am not enjoying at all. 
1) this lucky 100 offer was not available in tamil nadu. This condition was not highlighted while placing order. Or entering area pin code. 
2) i purchased this phone only due to this offer. It would have been good to know about tamil nadu condition 
3) i never purchase things after reading 1000 lines of terms and conditions written in micro letter which i still could not find that tamil nadu clause. 
4) i feel cheated because my purchase order contained details in big letter about lucky 100 offer but no clause about exclusion of tamil nadu. 
5) now i get mail about some lucky winners of which i am not one among them .This brings to me great disgust. 
If no tamil nadu purchaser is allowed for offer then dont cheat me. And even if u successfully did so please dont remind me about lucky winners on personal mail. 
If i were not so much busy in work. I would have tried to make good complain notice against this. 
 Bad
1. Alarm only works when it is on.
2. Camera is dull.
3. Radio is not available on speaker.
4. Messages are not getting restored from old phone. 
Good
1. Touch is good.
2. Good back cover.
3. Easy migrate feature(Contacts). 
Provide more reviews in future.  
 recently I brought this brand new phone through old mobile exchange and it's worthy.
Moto g3 have great camera, looks also cool,and light weight too.
processor also good still I didn't face heating problem. Battery of this phone is little bit problem.  
 One of the best phones out there...I have used Samsung Galaxy S3, HTC One S, Asus Zenfone 2 etc.. But out of all of these I prefer the Moto G3 the most due to its pure android experience... The battery life is unbelieveable and super smooth.. It truly is the best phone Rs.12999 can buy.. If you are thinking of getting it, don't think twice...JUST GO FOR IT..... 
 Just bought Moto G3 yesterday, its very cool and stylish ,back panel very nice to grip ,camera quality is too good 13MP and 5MP.2 GB ram is added feature of the phone.Overall its good phone for the budget of 13k 
 A year and a half ago, I bought a Samsung Galaxy Ace for around
Rs. 10k. Its microphone died within 6 - 7 months. Samsung repaired it at no cost to me, and soon after the 1 year warranty period expired, the microphone died once again. I have to shout into my phone to be heared even feebly. I realized gradually that Samsung should have simply replaced my phone with a new one, since their service center had established that I had not damaged the phone. Samsung took my 10k, without giving me a device that lasted even 1 year. Their free repair simply helped the Ace limp to the completion of the warranty period. 10k is no small money. When a washing machine costing 10k develops problems within the warranty period, its service center sends a repair person to our home. It does not ask us to bring the washing machine to the service center. On the other hand, smart phone companies treat our 10k like small change; they ask us to bring the device to their service center, when they should actually be providing service at our doorstep. 
I don't like to buy a new phone, let alone a smart phone, every couple of years. Attachment grows, and throwing the device away is painful. Further, it goes out as e-waste to damage the environment. Finally, it needs care and cleverness to extract the last drop of juice out of any machine, and I take pride in evincing these qualities. With these multiple reasons in mind, I was back in the market looking for a non-Samsung smart phone. I
wanted a smart phone that would work for at least 5 years. From
the web, it seemed that any of Yu Yureka, K3 Note, Asus Zenphone, etc, was the one to have, since these phones had the best configuration among phones under 10 - 12k. 
The enthusiasm with which people seemed to be writing about
configuration made me too want to have a good configuration. My
Galaxy Ace too had a good configuration when I bought it, but it
did not reliably serve the basic purpose of communication. So, I decided that having a reliable device was more important to me, than having the best configuration that my money could buy. The day I articulated this thought to myself (28/7/2015), a review of Moto G (Gen 3) by Anupam Saxena appeared in The Times of India. The last line of the review said, ``It ... is designed to last long.'' That decided it for me. The next day, I placed an order for Moto G (Gen 3) on Flipkart. A few minutes later, I saw a review of this phone by Kunal Dua on NDTV Gadgets, in which he echoed my thought expertly and eloquently. Those two reviews assured me that my money had been well-spent. The Moto was dispatched in the morning of July 30, 2015, and delivered to me in the afternoon of Sunday, 02/8/2015 (3 days for Delhi to Kanpur). My colleague remarked that Moto G was surprisingly light for a phone its size. 
Moving data from my Samsung phone to the Moto G was fairly easy, though not complete, using Moto's app Migrate. I have not understood Moto's Bluetooth completely. It seems to let me transfer sometimes, and refuses at other times. Since I have a nice WiFi connection on campus, I installed about 10 apps since Aug/3/2015. I also moved about 750 MB of data from the Samsung Ace. Ace used to struggle under this data and the apps. Installing Moto's Migrate on the Ace was the last straw on the Ace's back. OTOH, when the data was completely transferred to Moto, it seemed to only be the first straw for Moto. Apps open smoothly and fairly quickly. I have read that gamers prefer a full HD display. Since I don't play games, the HD display's sharpness is adequate for me. The textured back of the phone fails to improve grip. The phone is slippery in the hands. Simply having a smooth back would have given a better grip. A rubberized back would have been better. I have ordered a rubber case for this Moto from Amazon dot in. 
Con: The battery seems to discharge rather steeply with very few apps running. 
I am finally using a smartphone freely to make phone calls after the many months of misery with the Ace. While the app Contacts is colorful and agile, I would like to see in it more ways of sorting and organizing contacts. 
Con: I was on a brisk walk with the phone in my pocket in sleep
mode. The moving and shaking turned on the flashlight, camera, and a few apps, while the phone was locked. The phone also called a colleague of mine on its own. Is there a way to disable movement-based enabling of apps?  
Con: The phone's power adapter's pins fit loosely into Indian power outlets. So, at times, electrical contact is not made. I have never understood why our TVs, phone adapters, DVD players, etc come with pins that fit so loosely into the Indian power outlets. Power pins could have been easily tailored to our country's standards.  
In sum, I feel a lot better about Moto G (Gen 3) than I felt
about the Ace. While I feel that I made the right choice by
buying this phone, I am hoping that, over the next few years,
Moto G (Gen 3) will live up to the trust I placed in it. 
 Pros: Leaving aside the mess which is called Lollipop and what it did to the Moto UI (from Kitkat), the phone is a powerhouse! It has a good quad core processor, Super 2GB RAM, 13 MP back and 5 MP front camera, dual flash, water resistance, 4g LTE which are some noticeable feature from its predecessor Moto G2.  
Cons: The dialer, contacts, notifications and settings will take some time getting used to not to mention how ugly they look. Notice that about 0.5 cm screen space from the bottom is chopped off to make way for the dedicated navigation buttons which was not the case with MotoG2.  
If you want the old Moto G2 transparent like App Drawer background, you can use a KitKat based launcher and customize the UI look and feel. Thank god for the L-Launcher I found on Google Play!  
This may sound insane, but Moto G3 is my 4th.. YES.. 4th Motorola Android mobile phone following Moto E, Moto G2, Moto E2... (Each exchanged successfully for the new one).  
And, of course I had to wait for an exchange combined with a bank offer to get it at a best price at the recent Freedom Sale (more of a hunch, and my previous purchase experience and marketing trend).  
Bottomline: Unless your hampered by lack of RAM you better stick to Moto G2 and KitKat. Upgrading to Lollipop will not make your phone invincible to Security loopholes. Think hard before you upgrade! If you are a newbie.. Go For It!!! 
 Believe me guys...... You can go for this blindly.
From my point of view..... It has only one negative marks which is "Battery is not removable"...
Apart from this "Everything is fine". :-)
Thanks to Motorola :-) 
 This Is The Best Bang For The Buck You Can Get In The Market. The Performance Is Too Good, It Has Never Lagged Even Though I Am A Hardcore Multitasker, It Run Very Good. 
Both The Cameras Are Perfect They Shoot Really Good High Detailed Pictures And Videos. Gaming Performance Is Also Good It Runs Asphalt 8, Modern Combat 5 Without Any Lag.
And The Best Part Of This Phone Is That It Gives A Pure Android Experience I Do Not Like Those Skined Versions Of Android That Brands Like Samsung, Song, Lg, etc Offer. They Just Frequently Lag.
Overall If You Have A Budget Of 13,000 Just Go Blindly For This Phone. 
 Phone has got good body and its back panel gives you a holding grip.Battery backup is superbbbb.Beacuse of 2 gb ram phone is superfast. Display moto isworking fine.Camera is what i was waiting for and the camera quality is superb. Processor is good for day to day to use. I have attached a 32 GB memory card and its working fine. 
The free SIM provided by you is also working fine, i have follwed the steps mentioned in the sim box and trabsferred by existing airtel number in the new SIM without any hassle. 
But i didnt like the Back cover which i purchased along with this phone.  
Overall i am very much satisfied with this phone. Thanks 
 Cons- 1. Not the Brightest Display and not full HD. (but quality is gud)
2. Keybord is not as good as Windows phone but better than Samsung.(In windows Phn u can type wid much ease)
3. takes 2.5 hrs to full charge.
4. Camera is gud but not that gud in low light.Details are not gud as Samsung Mobiles.
5. Call voice quality is gud but not great.
6. While playing certain games i noticed navigation buttons don't disappear, so u can accidently touch them and taken on Homescreen which is annoying. (Although Pin screen is an option) 
 Pros-
1. Super blazing fast.
2. Super blazing Browsing (too gud).
3. Camera is better than previous moto Phones.
4. Very Nice front Camera.
5. Touch is amazing.(Better than Samsung)
6. U get gorilla glass and water resistance. (not many are providing this protection)
7. Hardware Quality is great so this phn will last long.
8. Latest Android and Amazing Stock Android Experience and thus no bloat wares.
9. Value for money.
10.Long lasting Battery (amazing stand by time) Easily last 1.5 day wid normal use.
11. Some Lolipop features u will love.
U can evaluate Pros and Cons and make ur decision. Obviously it has Cons which are not an issue to many, on the contrast it has many Pros which many ppl will like. 
All the Best :) 
 Pros:
 Fast delivery by flipkart in 3 days..thanks
 Good phone in this price
 Good features
 Camera & Processor & Graphic are good
 No hang problem 
 Allover ok i am using since 1 week no issues..You can buy..Overall good come up by moto 
Cons:
 Front camera is not as good
 battery back up is bit low
 Light sensor is not there
 You cant stop Data Service in one touch like others
 Taking long time for full recharge
 Very cheap Head phone 
 Moto g3 is just rocking its simply outstanding.
One of the best thing is camera and low light mode is best. No heating issue even after playing asphalt for 2hrs processor is best and 2gb ram has no words no explain 
But there is no on off for mobile data o notification bar 
Just hats off to motorolla 
 all reviews says its best , i say its awesome , pure imagination designed , just like handcrafted for me, its looks , features, hardware , camera, sound, display, touch everything seems to be above the par.
Love this Phone
what more i can say , just go for the excellent phone.  
 I am using it from last 6 days and really feels that its a great phone in such price range in terms of build quality, camera, memory, storage space and most important water resistance. 
Thanks motorola for such a wonderful product. 
 I had used Moto G (1st gen) and now I have been using the 3rd Gen for more than a week. If you are looking to buy a phone in the range below 15K this is the best option you have. It is highly recommended that you may go with the 16 GB model because it has 2 GB RAM while the 8 GB model has 1 GB RAM which in today's scenario may fall short. 
I would give the Pros first: 
1. Excellent performance owing to the stock android and 2 GB RAM. No bloatware at all and hence the phone performs really fast. 
2. It has a 13 MP shooter in the back which Motorola claims has the similar sensor as the Nexus 6; and it really does well ! Both outdoor and indoor photos are perfect and there is very little noise. The Front camera is a 5 MP shooter and does decent job outdoors but the indoor photos are nothing great. The flash is CCT flash and does a great job. 
3. Motorola has always done a great job regarding the build quality and this model too has a great build quality. It has a Matt finish back which gives the phone a very premium look. It has corning gorilla glass 3 protection and also the phone is IPX7 rated which means it is water resistant upto 1 meter for 30 mins. 
4. It has a single speaker on the front, and it is very loud and clear.  
5. Many people may have the question whether it has a physical LED notification like its predecessors. NO it does not ! But Motorola has included the Moto Display feature in this which more or less compensates it need. 
Now, talking about the cons...the only major flaw that I noticed is the display ! The display is not as great we see in some of the mid/low range phones. It is 720X1280 resolution HD screen and the white seems a little bit yellowish and dim.  
Well, concluding this review I would recommend this phone if you have a tight budget in this range. This is a great phone...just go ahead ! 
 Best phone in this range. Loaded with some of the awsam featers and latest Androied version. Built quality is very strong and handy. 
Battery in not removeable is a prob and battery life is less then espected. Can't run for more then 15 houra in the hand of sameone phoney person.  
 mobile look and procecer is very superb also camera...but 1 thing are bsd in mobile .....i dnt like the handset..and sound 
 Premium feel, top notch performance, ultimate (non-removable)battery life.
However, it gets a little hot after continuous use. Otherwise, its bang for the buck! 
 1- phone has got good body and its back panel gives you a holding grip ...
2- next is its battery ..battery backup is superbbbb....
3- beacuse of 2 gb ram phone is superfast unlike samsung phone keep on hanging .
4-on display moto has worked this time
5- yess camera is what i was waiting for .. camera quality is superb ...i took the photos use the dual flash .. but the best part is the front camera .. awesome selfies...
6- processor is good and i think lag problem with big heavy games willl end 
 Battery life is at its worst, and Low light camera too !!
But front camera is nice..... I like its processor speed !!  
 Its just one week since launch and the price is dropped by 1300/- (for SBI card holders) 
BTW mobile was good, 
screen is a bit over saturated,
Camera quality also average,
But for 13k bucks its a good deal.   
 Undoubtedly the product is a great buy.. but it too have some drawbacks ... since everyone's telling about the positive side..i would further add some negative too.. 
- those who want to run more than a single account.. this phone is definately not for them.. you cannot make a second account(referring to the e-mail id account)on a positive note it is completely personilized phone.
- the karate choke action is not so prompt. especially when you have a flip cover.
- 'ok Google' is not that ok.. may be i need something for that.
- since its new so i didn't expected a single hang. but it hanged slightly for 2-3 times after that it's wrking perfectly fine. 
Nevertheless its a great buy... these are actually minor defaults.. Gaming is awesome on this phone.. A GREAT BUY... :) 
 It is a very good mobile....every thing is at very best in it....i do not see any fault in it....very very nice mobile....battery is super...lasts a whole day even after using it...sooooo good mobile.... thanks motorola for these super mobile......  
one problem is that, as u have given offers with it....i have still not received any offer..please explain me about these..i am waiting.???? 
 Hi All, 
Those who are in doubt whether to buy MG3 compared to other mobiles within 13k, go for MG3... This is a beast.  
Phone is very slim and stylish. Have good grip with the new back design.
Lollipop gives a new elegant look. Battery backup is superb. 
Flipkart delivery & service is awesome as usual ... 
 The phone is very good for its price, and everything seems to run smoothly so far. But i don't know how i will avail the 6 offers. i dint get any airtel sim with my package nor any info regarding the other offers 
 First of all hats off to Flipkart for awesome delivery time. 
Superb build quality, nice design, both cameras do good job, Android 5.1.1, Light weight, Sleek design, 5" HD display (my preference 5"), decent battery, IPX7, Dual SIM and so on...
There are some other phones available in market within same price range, but I will definitely recommend it. 
 Flipkart has delivered this product 5 days before the deadline including one Sunday. After using the product for long 48 hours I'll give you several causes for which you should buy Moto G (3rd Generation) without any hesitation.  
1. Touch Screen: 10/10
The touch is awesome and smooth. You will never feel that you are forcing your fingers to run the applications. 
2. Battery Life: 10/10
After using this product for long 36 hrs having 100% of battery charge, playing games, using apps all through out the day, 23% of battery is still remaining without charging for a single minute. Now you will understand why this product is better than others. 
3. Speed: 10/10
With 2 gb of RAM and 1.4 GHz Quad Core CPU it can run more than 10 applications smoothly at a particular time. I have never faces any speed issue and can say its faster than any other smart phone having the same technical specifications. 
4. Camera: 10/10
Picture quality is awesome. But the most important thing is its front camera which is just 5 MP and gives outstanding quality of picture. So you can understand the quality of back camera. I've captured pictures in very low light and the quality I got is simply awesome. 
5. Video: 10/10
Full HD video will run smoothly without any interruption. I've a low quality memory card, but this phone runs the Full HD video smoothly from the memory card. 
6. Audio: 8/10
Audio quality is good but its little bit lesser in volume while running in loud speaker. The ear phone is made in China, quality of the ear phone is ok. If you buy, JBL headphone with this product, it will rock. 
7. Application: 9/10
This phone is very light weight as it will not provide any application with your phone. It will give only 20 default applications including message, camera, contact list, gallery and others. It don't provides application like facebook or any file manager. This made the phone faster, but if you want to change your default ringtone or you want to access the files in your memory card and phone memory, you need to install any file manager. 
Overall it is one of the best product and it will make a revolution in the world of smart phones. 
 Very good product from MOTOROLA and fast delivery from FLIPKART... 
GOOD- Display
 Speakers
 Ram ,
 Memory, 
 Design
 No lags
 No heating
 No Bloat wares
 Good battery backup for whole day
 Front Camera is good and back camera is good in daylight but its quite blurred in low light. 
 TWO small problems are there is no option for multiple contact delete but i used 'Easy contact delete" app for this purpose
 -Not sure about flipkart offers 
 Till now i am not noticed any major problems 
 Overall its a well balanced decent device and Its worth for Rs-12999/-  
Rating - 5/5 for the device  
 THANK YOU   
 Its clicks are almost relevant to lumia 925 9MP cam. 
Better than so many other mobiles. value for price.Casing is authentic.Not like other phones having cheap quality casing.. Features are good. U can go for it .. 
 Hi this phone is nice, except CAMERA , we are thinking MOTO 13 MP will beat all Smartphones but realy MOTO also follow the same way what other Mobile companies are doing 
please for next MOTO G camera should be prefect even you can charge 1000 Rs more also not a problem.
-Murali K 
 Give no 2nd thought..just go for it..budget phone..delivers performance as expected.
only -ve point don't why LED notification feature which was there in moto G is removed by Motorola in G3 . 
 i just want to make it easier for u guys ......I AM NOT GOING TO GIVE YOU THE CAMERA REVIEW AS THEIR ARE SO MUCH OF IT( i mean reviews ) 
@moderate usage (including 30 min gaming , 30 min of shitty stuffs , 50 min of watching videos AND listening to music for 2 hr constantly )  
verdict :- BATTERY -- 100% reduced to 45 % (12pm - 11.45pm)
 LAG -- 0% 
 ERROR -- YES .google play music crashed 2 time  
@heavy usage ( including 1 hr of constant asphalt 8 , 30 min of shadow warrior , and 10 min subway surfur , after 2hr gap(cause the phn heated up) --> listening to music for 45 min , web browsing for about 3 hr and again some shitty stuff :) some chatting )) 
verdict :- BATTERY -- 100% REDUCED TO 19%
 LAG -- 1.5% { when the phn heated up}
 ERROR -- YES , in web browsing --- the connection lost for 5 times  
LAST BUT NOT THE LEAST ....... THE PHONE IS AWESOME yes it still got some errors but i think it was just some fast and furious action by me after getting my hands on it ... those error did not persist for long !! still i'm USING IT WITHOUT ANY ISSUES !! \m/ MOTO G3 ROCKS  
 I recieved moto G 3 rd Generation in the morning. Usually i am not interested at all to writing reviews, but its great help to other who confused in this segment. 4 product are there in current market scenario.
1. Mi4i 12999
2. Lenovo K3 Note
3. Yu Ureka Plus
4. Moto G3rd Generation. 
Now we talk about Mi4i- nice phn, camera is awesome,dispaly is grt, procesor grt,build quality normal, alltogeter 4.5 star phn, but when we talk about after sales service is pathetic,voice clearity is not there, heating problem.no water resistence and no expandable memory o gorrila glass.Choices is yourss 
Now the time for Lenovo K3 Note- its grt phn in 9999 segment ,4.5 star in terms of display, processor,gaming ,after sales service and battery.but heating, sar value,no gorrila glass,cheap quality plastic used.apart for that if u have only 10000 u go for it its paisa vasul 
Now time for Yu Ureka plus its dubba phn,don't waste your money.not recommended. 
August 2015 best phn is moto G 3rd Genaration .its feel u have i phone 6 ,premium build quality , good battery backup, nice display ,white colour are so premium.stock android experience,very handy, nice camera with dual led tone flash light,speaker and earphn both are in front,gorilla glass and water resistence.nice thing is its expandable till 32 gb apart from 16 gb internal.its 5 star phn in this price range.after sales service is also good and u know its not pure chinese phn compare to other. 
In my opinion moto g is the best in this price range. Ihv moto x and ihv not feel any problem from moto device.   
 I exchanged by Moto G 1st generation and after using for 2-3 days, I can say one of the best phone with active display and Chop Chop Gesture and Camera Activation Sensor. 
Slightly disappointed as its not having notification light but after using with Active Screen display really good and beautiful.  
People who are complaining about Less Storage, should understand that 16GB is the total memory and Available storage always less ie 11.90 GB. This is in all the mobile phones which comes with Android 5.0 
 I am using This phone from 7 days....Got this phone on the Next day I ordered. Thanks to Flipkart First Subscription!  
I will refrain myself from writing long stories and telling the things you can simply see in the product description. I will simply write down my thoughts on the parameters which matters most. Lets come to Phone now:  
1. Build Quality: 4.5/5 Back panel is scratch proof with matte finish. Cutting 0.5 star because chrome is of Plastic, not metallic.
2. 2 GB of High Frequency RAM and awesome RAM management: 5/5
3. Perfect Screen size. Larger screen could have decreased battery backup. 5/5
4. Resolution is perfect
5. front cmaera is so awesome 
6.back camera is average not like 13MP like 5MP
7.touch is like butter so smooth...
8.earphone is not like samsung and others ..earphone is average
9.no hang nd lag
10.charger nd other acceries is also good in white colour . 
overall you can go for it best product by moto thanks moto nd flipkart ..
thanks.  
 Must say..motorola has nailed it again.. its an awesome phone with awesome features.
-Processor is really fast.
-Battery can go for 1.5 days without charging n with more than average use..i personally used the phone.
-camera no doubt is awesome.
I ve used it for one week and didnt find any problems till now..
To conclude..its a must buy phone for those who are juggling between other brands n this. At this price if u get a good brand, what else do u need. I am using 16gb phone. 
N yes just as everybody knows, flipkart is awesome site. I ordered phone on 29th July and got it on 31st july morning that too on standard delivery. Should I say anything else about its delivery service. Its just excellent shopping site. Excellent product. "HAPPY" 
 GOODS....
1. Nice built... looks stylish....
2. Fun to handle new android version...
3. Nice camera
4. Smooth performance without any problem. 
BADS...
1. Bulky
2. Average phone volume
3. Average battery life 
 Phone feels good while holding in hand since its thicker at the top, doesn't feel heavy.
smooth and responsive.unique features like gesture for switching on torch ,camera.
Good battery backup - battery drop from 35% to 15% after 2 hrs of usage.
Rear camera 13mp ,2Gb ram, 16gb internal 
cons:
abnormal heating sometimes due to recent app installations (software issue).
no LED on front facing camera and quality of photo is average,no wide angle 
 Flipkart Delivery is Little bad this time. They had Sent the phone thru a Logistics Operator called Delhivery. I stay in Bangalore and i got the Product after 5 Days, that was little sad .  
Coming over to the Product, The Product is just Amazing. I fall in Love with Motorola .  
If you want to have that Nexus Feel with no blotware and Motorola G (3rd Gen ) is the best Choice .  
And. Coming to the RAM which was Upgraded in this Model which comes with 2GB RAM is just perfect with the Times (2015) and the phone never Lagged for me. Do not worry about Lags and all . Its doing Really good .  
Gesture Controls : i Use it for the Camera. Instead of unlocking the device and selecting the app on the menu, just shake it twice and camera app opens and even for Torch tooo.  
Gaming : I dont use much of the games . I just play COC and Some other mid Range Gaming .  
When comes to Music: PlayMusic is not that good , But still there are some Alternatives I Use PowerAmp which is available in PlayStore Its Too Good .. 
Overall Performance: Just Buy it  
I Have reduced 1Star for Delivery.   
 I upgraded from LG L90 which is also a good phone with really good battery backup up to 40 hours with moderate usage. That phone only lacked in RAM (1 GB), ROM (3.9 GB) and without stock android.But definitely with some awesome features like Knock Code, Quick Memo with updated Android 5.0.1. 
Last year I preferred L90 over Moto G2 because of some battery issues and I was satisfied. 
But Moto G3 just blown me out. I bought it on the Launch day only and I am in LOVE with this mobile. This mobile is just a SWEETHEART. No complains at all whether it's Battery or Display or Looks or Hardware or OS or Camera. I am not a heavy gamer but I keep lots of Apps. For now I have 38 downloaded apps and still the mobile is lightning fast. 
I feel like missing some little things. But I can Live without them. eg. 
1. Knock knock feature (Habituated)
2. Notification LED (Never Experienced)
3. Face Detection ( for display on/off, My LG has)
4. Some controls over our files ( This is pure Android, I guess) 
NOTE : We have USB OTG in this mobile. But it's nowhere mentioned and you will not notice unless you go through all options in settings.  
GO FOR IT, DON'T GIVE A SECOND THOUGHT. :) 
 Firstly I thank Moto team for bringing out a great device at a reasonable price. 
I'm using this mobile for almost a week now found no issues till now and works great. Some of my observation below, 
1. Why Moto never had an option to sync my contacts locally to phone. I don't want all my contacts to sync with Google and you should respect people's privacy if they are not willing to sync so that all my contact would have been in device. 
2. I would like to have a shortcut or a widget to enable/disable 3G since its very annoying to navigate all the way to the Settings--> SIM --> Cellualar Data --> Enable data. 
3. I would like to have dedicate capture icon in camera because it helps a lot if the focus doesn't happen well. Here I just need to wait for auto focus to do its job and click. Speaking about camera, sometimes it takes longer than usual to focus. Also some times we click pictures looking at the screen which displays focus happened well, but when looked at the image totally blurred. Same with Secondary CAM. 
You(Moto team) might have to work well on Camera App. 
4. Exchange App is Synched with Gmail App and i'm not liking it. I would say this is based on individuals. 
5. I would like to have tap to wake option. Preview is a convenience option though which displays all the updates pretty well. 
6. Could have included a file manager but that's not a problem since there are many apps available. 
Overall its a good device to buy and considering the build quality its exceptional.  
For all who got just 19 digits in SIM include the letter "U" suffix to 19 digits and only then you would be able to activate. I will update if there are any soon. 
Thanks
Ramesh Srinivasan 
 hi all,
I am using it from a week and found out few things such as
1.camera is average as i am not a guy photogenic so its ok for me if u r want extra ordinary then i would suggest to go for samsung J series
2.Heating issues after play wonderball for 10 min i guess its not uncommon with any smart phones this days.
3. Apart above two i would overall a worth to buy water resistant phone for 13k 
 super ui responce
good gestures
good camera(front and rear)
2gb ram
4g capable 
i am using this mobile from last 2days..no heating issues..battery is good for moderate users..its a brand new mobile...go for it guys 
 TOTALLY MAGNIFICENT! 
First of all the flipkart delivery is just unmatchable .
Now coming on to the phone the phone is quick and touch is very responsive. 
GOOD THINGS :
1- SUPER QUICK
2- BRILLIANT BUILT QUALITY AND HARDWARE IS AWESOME
3-REAR CAMERA IS BEST IN THE RANGE 
4-RESPONSIVE TOUCH
5-GREAT VALUE FOR MONEY 
LIMITATIONS:
1- BATTERY COULD HAVE BEEN BETTER
2- FRONT CAMERA IS NOT UP TO THE MARK   
 Hi All,
I am not that tech savvy where I can tell you CPU clock speed and resolution stuffs. 
As a normal user, I can say , it is a good phone, my 40th phone till 2001 when I started from Mitubishi trium. This is indeed better than everything I had in past. Good display size, no lag soft touch. However it is so soft you may get unwanted clicks too. You will get used to it. 
Secondly , battery initially will get drained a little faster. Hopefully will come to its full strength after a 3-4 charge cycle. Will need to test that. 
11.9 GB user memory will give you room for bigger games and facebook and whatsapp kind of space killer.
2GB RAM will ensure you will never experience a lag while doing simple multitasking.  
CAMERAs are razor sharp. 
Overall a 4.5 star (for battery, it could have easily been 3000MAH and a replaceable one.). 
Thanks & Regards,
Chinmaya Acharya 
 Hi All,  
Have been an avid user of Palm Phones, Samsung and recently have been using Moto G 1st generation, switched to Lenovo Phones in between and but came back to the sturdy and stable Moto G.  
Acquired Moto G 3rd Genration this week from FlipKart.  
Pros 
1. Sturdy Build of the phone. 
2. Smooth Screen and Good and clear display with neat fonts. 
3. The back of the phone well angled as usual to save the camera from surface scratches. Intelligent designing. 
4. Loud speaker given on the front on the mic piece, with no need to put the phone upside down while listening to music or a concall. Again Brainy Deed indeed !
5. Call , Voice Quality and Sound Quality very good (basic function of the phone, needs to be good. Well many phones have fumbled on this aspect, clean chit here.
6. Apps function well. Have used range of Music Apps, Utility Apps, Shop Apps, no issues. 2 GB ram with decent processor do it with ease. 
7. Camera and Video quality Good.  
Cons.  
1. Battery is just just adequate and not sufficient for the hard whole day use. 2470 MAH with such mammoth processor configurations and RAM have under estimated the hunger of the Moto which becomes less Mojo when it comes to battery. Feel the Power Bank in your bag or pockets when you leave the house guys. Might just need it if you are out the whole day and shy to plug in your phone at public places.  
2. The Pricey Moto Flip cover 'designed by Motorola' has the flaws continuting from Moto G 2nd generation. The ends of the flip cover were not tapered in the 2nd generation, and while they are tapered in the 3rd Generation , the flip cover is big and extends by 1 mm when you try to measure it and you can feel the lining of the flip cover on the right when you take the phone in your hands due to its over stretching length. Moto Team, take the price, but do not compromise on the quality. Durability of the cover has undoubtedly been good, but these flaws do not go well with the price and brand. Flip Cover of 1st Gen stands out to be the best. Please ape it with the right size next time and try to recall the ones send out to the people so far.  
3. A word for the Android Team. Please keep the character input in the search window at the bottom of the screen for easy typing instead of right at the top. Further, when an SMS is forwarded, Please change the screen position to the window of the contact to whom the message has been sent rather than maintaining the one from which the sms was forwarded. Lastly for phone calls received from numbers which are not in contacts, have the 'add to contacts' icon near the number itself, instead of tapping to go into the nexdt window just to see the blank contact and then adding it up. Saved Seconds save hours ! 
Good Phone folks, at the price with long lasting build and good quality, hard to find. Buy it and love it ! 
 Moto G (3rd Gen) is a rare budget phone that excels in all departments. It's is beautifully designed and well-built. The whole experience of using this phone is so satisfying. I can say this with full authority that Moto G (3rd Gen) is one of the the best phones under Rs 15,000.  
Pros
Beautiful looking sturdy phone
Good screen quality
Butter smooth functioning
Great camera (one of the best in this price range)
Water resistance (Remember, it's not dust proof) 
Pure Android experience 
Cons
Instead of wasting money on those cheap quality earphones, Motorola could have invested the sum to bumped up the battery a bit more.   
 Best Phone Under 13K BUT READ THIS FIRST
Got this phone on the Next day I ordered. Thanks to Flipkart First Subscription!  
I will refrain myself from writing long stories and telling the things you can simply see in the product description. I will simply write down my thoughts on the parameters which matters most. Lets come to Phone now:  
1. Build Quality: 4.7/5 Back panel is scratch proof with matte finish. Cutting 0.5 star because chrome is of Plastic, not metallic.
2. 2 GB of High Frequency RAM and awesome RAM management: 5/5
3. Perfect Screen size. Larger screen could have decreased battery backup. 5/5
4. Resolution is perfect for the price range and PPI makes it much better. 5/5
5. Battery life is too good. Even though it is having only 2470 mAH battery, with 100% charge, I downloaded about 40 apps on 4G, used whatsapp , FB ,Instagram & Twitter, gaming of 1 Hour, used calling, SMS and other common features throughout the day (12 hours) and the battery was still 5%: 5/5
6. Camera quality is good (not awesome) in indoors and AWESOME in outdoors with sunlight. They gave Slow motion video feature as in Iphone that is more than awesomeeeeee: 5/5
7. Headphones given are of above average quality. 4/5
8. The phone comes up with dual speakers BUT only one speaker is functional at a time. The phone do not have convertible speakers like we have in Moto nexus 6. Top speaker is just for headset mode and bottom speaker is for playing Media. But still, the sound quality is good & loud (very loud). It should have provided two normal speakers for media instead of one loud speaker because multiple speakers creates surround sound. 4/5
9. Water resistant phone, I splashed a glass of water but It is working..!!!! Just remember to close the back lid as mentioned in the sticker.
10. You can connect 2 USB cables with charging adapter. It means you can charge two phones simultaneously. THAT'S AMAZING!!!! However, the adapter is of 1150 mAh, means it will take at least 2.5 hours for full charge. 4/5 
11. Just like apple, Motorola has learnt how to provide flawless performance with low-medium specs (Just like iphone's top model has 1GB RAM only!! irritating!!! ). The phone do not have super high speed processor, but the processing management is so awesome that there are NO LAGS even with using multiple applications simultaneously. 5/513K, Just order this phone without thinking much. 
 The best phone in the segment. Everything required for perfect mobile is available. Speed is awesome. Touch is fine. Camera is ultimate...what else at this price. Thanks flipkart for 5 days early delivery. If u like my review pray for me...... oh god select me as luckey winner to get this phone for free 
 Got my new boy yesterday, before time deliver, well packed, superb service from Flipkart. Points: 5/5 
Coming to product, no need to write the technical specs, you can get it from website. After one day of usage, I'm very satisfied. My waiting for 3 months for getting a good android mobile has come to a perfect end. Too happy... 
Pros:
- 2 GB Ram, after OS & 15 apps installed, 1 GB is remaining. No lag, superb UI.
- Cameras doing their job perfectly. But no flash light in front camera like Samsung J5/J7.
- Out of 16 GB internal space, 14.75 would be for user.
- Battery lasting 7/8 hours of continuous usage, can last for one day in normal use. 
Cons:
- No LED notification. No idea why Motorola is not using this feature, during charging you need to open mobile to see how much it charged.
- No Full HD screen. However it's OK for this budget mobile. We are not here to watch Full HD football/cricket matches like in Full HD TVs. The screen does it's work perfectly. 
Verdict:
- Everything is perfect except no LED notification, which is very basic but a necessary feature in mobiles. Thus removing one star for this... Final score: 4/5
- Go for this blindly if your budget is under 13 K. The same features you can get under 10 K also, but it's the best in the market as of now, far better than other Chinese mobiles.... 
Thanks,
Naresh Pradhan 
 Moto G3, It has killer look.
2GB ram helps you to get flawless experience.Rear and Front Camera is also good. Connectivity of phone is also very good.
Weight is low and phone is very Handy. I actually used this phone in heavy rain, Phone is completely waterproof.
I get a feel that I am using Nexus phone. 
 After 3 days of usage 
Pros
> Smooth performance on multitasking
> Long lasting battery - can go on for a whole day even on 3G, media playing
> Call Quality is exceptional
> Stock android experience is a treat
> Audio output is comparable to ipod with a good quality headset
> OTG support
> Expandable memory
> Front camera can take good quality images
> Water proof
> Solid built quality - feels premium on handling, grip and touch 
Cons
> Rear Camera could have been better
> Charger provided with the phone takes longer to charge for the bigger battery of MotoG3 as output is 5V - 1.1amp 
Overall very capable phone at exceptional price with Motorola reliability unlike other Chinese phones, competing in the same segment 
 Got this phone yesterday kudos to flipkart delivery...Now lets come to the phone at present i have MOTO G2 and Asus Zenfone 5 both from flipkart so i would say Moto G3 is absolute beauty so i would rate according to a day usage will update after a week or so. 
Overall Score:- 
Design and Build Quality: 8.5/10-- (Thickness is same as Moto G2 i like the back cover easy to use with one hand)
Network and Connectivity Features: 10/10 
Screen: 9/10-- (Brightness is good then G2 sharp and crisp display though 720p But PPI makes it perfect)
Hardware: 8/10
Software Overall: 10/10-- (Pure Android 5.1.1)
Camera 8/10 (average quality-- Rear camera is good but front is not that great extra one point for the slow motion feature that is a plus point)
Loudspeaker: 8/10 (Compare to G2 the sound is low but its fairly loud though it a single speaker handset came along with the phone is average tested it with Cx180 and i must say the sound quality is awesome) 
Worth buying for its specs to price 
 I have used Moto G3 for 3 days now (Black color)-XT1550
Pros: 
1. Excellent Build Quality
2. Battery lasts for more than a day.
3. Internal Storage after first boot: more than 11 GB
4. More than 1GB RAM available when mobile is idle.
5. Speaker output is also loud.
6. Rear camera is above average. 
Cons: 
1. No LED notification light.
2. Front camera is average. 
 I wrote comprehensive review in my blog, please search "Rajamass Moto g 3rd generation review" for full analysis 
Overall Score
Design and Build Quality: 8/10
Network and Connectivity Features: 10/10
Screen: 7/10
Other Hardware: 7/10
Software Overall: 9/10
Camera 7/10 (Due to average low light quality) 
Worth buying for its specs to price  
 I have been using White 16GB variant for last few days
Pros: 
1. Touch response is very good and smooth
2. Good performance. Asphalt 8 , Ganster Vegas runs without any lags. N.O.V.A 3 FD is lagging a bit on street scenes(I heard its the game issue-not optimized to run on multiple cores) and it is running smooth on indoor scenes
3. Stock Android and no bloatwares
4. Rear camera is very good. Photos are looking more professional due to higher aperture value
5. Good connectivity
6. OTG support without root access
7. Battery discharging rate is slow. Battery is really long lasting :)
8. No heating issue like lenovo k3 note. May be because of good hardware  
Cons:
1. There is not enough grip on back cover. Phone is little slippery
2. Back cover does not look very promising for water resistance. But I am sure it can withstand accidental water splashes
3. Price is little high for the configuration but I hope the hardware quality is better
3. Out of 2GB Ram, Background processes and Cache takes about 1GB of space (In Android, Ram will be freed on demand. No need to worry about the performance but more ram usage leads to more battery usage)
4. Phone is little warmer at times ( Avg Temp: 40 degrees based on CPU-Z ). But I have played N.O.V.A 3 for about 30 mins, no major heating issue found. Temperature increased only about 47 degrees and I believe this is very normal. So no need to worry about this too.
5. Only about 8GB of internal memory is available for usage ( more than sufficient ) 
In short, I strongly suggest this phone over any other phone within 13K 
Flipkart & Its Service:
Flipkart service is really good, Phone got delivered within 2 days with no extra money.
I ordered the phone as soon as Flipkart released it and I got only 2 offers ( Airtel SIM, Double Data Offer ). After few hours, Flipkart increased the offers to 7 and it looks disappointing for me esp because I have ordered the product within 30 mins. Hope Flipkart gives the remaining offers to me too:(  
 Flipkart delivered promptly, as usual ! Great Service. I have now used the phone for 24hrs. small review ! :P 
Pros:
1. Smoother than previous gen Moto G & Moto E phones. Courtesy of Lollipop & Buffed up RAM, I guess)
2. Better Camera (Still not the best - But, never expected it to be.. That is Lumia's job)
3. Excellent Volume (inspite of having mono speaker)
4. 2GB RAM is worth it ! No lag, whatsoever. Faster loading times too, meaning improved processor. 
Cons:
1. Only 12GB ROM, instead of advertised 16GB. Further, after android installation, you get approx 10GB.
2. Battery drains very fast ! I had been using Moto E for an year now, with better results. This screen drains super fast...
3. Front Camera is not so great, poor show by Moto ! :(
4. The phone aesthetics are bare minimum. The Back panel looks & feels cheap. 
The Moto Tag made me go for it. Hope, the above cons are bugs, and are rectified through future software updates by Moto... soooooon ! 
 It is a great phone Camera is fab.. sound is also good
 RAM, Processor and Camera upgrade makes it an unbeatable product for the price it is offered
. The new well designed back cover makes it easy to hold and gives a much more premium finish to the phone.
 Nothing to complain about this product except for its slightly disappointing lack of full HD display.  
 Best Mobile under 13k budget.. 
Pros-
1) Smooth multitasking
2) IPX7 water resistance
3) 4G LTE Support 
4) Changeable back which is nice..
5) Good performance of 13MP back camera with more features
6) It feels Sturdy smartphone
7) Gesture facility is superb
8) Sound Quality is nice  
Cons-
1) No LED Notification light.
2) Earphone are of low quality 
Overall my rating for this phone is 4.5/5 
 i think i made a good choice of selecting a brand motorola 3rd gen, as i had earlier sony experia E, which is a hung phone, after initial use MOTO G 3 GEN for less than 24 hours feeling relieved, nice features, still time to go to check on heating, battery issues. good delievery by FK within two days, as videographer i can say camera is superb,,Price wise "wow" 
 Guys i got the new moto g 3rd gen 16gb/2gb on friday aftr nun.well itz a gud budget range phone to use.am not elaborating the specs and experiences but am providing u the rating out of 10.
= first look 10/10 
= rear camera 8/10
= front cam 6/10
= UI(near google now launcher) 9/10
= display 9/10
= sound quality 9/10
= headset 5/10
= battery - 7/10 (full charged at 8 am and now 21% remaining(10 pm) with medium brightness and 3g kept on)
= phone slightly got hot at initialization setup but now no problem. 
= sometimes the screen get heated and i noted that it is occuring mostly when i use phone while charging 
i will say go for it if you are looking for budget phone.. am giving you the rating aftr 5 months of use. 
BEST OF LUCK 
 Great come back by Motorola.. Stunned to see the mobile. Initially by looking at the product image in website, i thought it would be bulgy, but that surprised me when i looked at the device in handy.. Amazing. the device is slim. 
The phone had battery sealed which is excellent, it appeared as if i was holding some metal block. 
No regrets, it is faaaaar better than my samsung Galaxy Grand duos. 
Performance: 5/5 - 2GB RAM, Stunned to see the speed while navigating and opening the apps.. 
Display: 4.5/5 - It is great. would be excellent if it is a FULL HD display. Unlock blink on the screen gives good when phone goes to sleep. 
Looks: 5/5 - gives new look and weigh less compared to my Samsung Galaxy Grand duos 
Battery: 4.5/5 - I have used the device for very less time about 1hr and i see battery is down by 5% for 1hr.  
Memory: 4.5/5: 11GB available when you ON the device due to pre-installed apps. Can use Memory card for moving the photos and videos to Ext. MMC. This will reduce the internal memory usage. 
Camera: 5/5: Excellent back cam with 13MP. Can take stunning photos.. 5MP Front is as well good. 
Would Recommend this to everyone be it exchange or direct purchase, a worth device to have in handy.. 
 Like everyone else has already said, this phone gives you the best android experience at this price range. Flipkart delivery was amazing! The UI is smooth; games run without any lags; sound quality is fine although the in-box earphones are very mediocre. Two USB ports on the charger are welcome!! This phone is how Google would like its android devices to be unlike other major brands who are just trying to push hardware specifications down our throats. Buy this!! 
 Ordered the device around 6 am on the launch day and got it in my hand two days later..let me give a short note about this device
1.design:elegantly crafted and rear panel gives nice grip as it has wonderful stripes and the chrome is fabulously polished and fitted with polished aluminum.. Totally it is the device with better built quality than any other budget device that will last forever.
2.hardware:snapdragon 410 has a decent power management and performance while the 2gb ram is quite powerful that gives the device to run in such a nice and smooth ui without any hiccups..people can think it has an old hardwares comparing with other device with the same price group but it is quite good to run any future updates.
3.Display:As there are talks like it has a same display like its predecessor but there are some technical changes has applied with the 3rd gen moto g..as the display comes with a same resolution and ppi but it is retina this time when u hold it 30cm from eye level..so it is better enough to give u decent colors and moto has made the display that will not cause any damage to your eyes..and even the touch response is super awesome and its smooth like cheese.
4.camera: the camera has a Sony sensor with dual flash support could able to produce satisfactory images in perfect lighting condition and it has also has night mode in addition.
5.speaker:it is a non stereotype loudspeaker that has no bass like its predecessor but it is loud and clear up to the mark.
6.connectivity and call quality: the device comes with 4g lte cat 4 and receives nice tower frequency and the all quality and the browsing speed is extraordinaryly great.
7.battery: battery is OK for a day and not good as other devices like mi4i or k3 but still it is better than its predecessor.
OS: comes with the brand new OS Android 5.1.1 and assured updates to the upcoming firmwares as always.this is where moto stands at its best and unique.user interface is good and anybody new to Android can easily operate as it is user friendly and easy..
Accessories:charger has a two USB loops and we'll designed and separated with a USB cable..ear phone is not upto the expectations and it is plasticy.
Additional features: ipx7 water proof ,moto display ,moto action.
Missing: notification LED stereo speakers few sensors.
Final verdict: priced good for the quality and durability and for the brand name...its an essential phone once again and you cannot compare its quality with any other Asian devices as Motorola will never compromise in its built quality from pager to super smart devices..a phone for all..all the rest of Asian devices r just Chinese make and will never ever lost for ever.. As a techie guy I love moto. 
 I got the phone today within two days after ordering it.
Screen resolution is very good. Battery is also good. Works flawlessly. But the camera didn't meet my expectations. The image quality of my moto e us better than the primary camera. There r too much noise in the images. Though videos recorded are better. Charger cord should have been longer.  
 Nice Product...!!
Overall great experience...!! 
Unique features:
 Water resistance at this price point.
 Moto Display, Assist, Migrate, Alert apps from Motorola.
Experience:
 Account setup and transfer of data was completely done in just half an hour, thanks to Moto Migrate and other features.
 Camera and battery performance are very good.
 Particularly liked the overall stability and experience that the smartphone offers, in fact across generations, which is missing in other pears.
 Airtel 4G ready SIM along with this new handset can be used to swap to the micro SIM and start experiencing the handset immediately.
 Finally, a long lasting handset with very good hardware and its complimenting softwares.    
My Opinion.
.
Feel - 5/5 (feels good in Hand) 
Display - 5/5 (Excellent for the Price) 
Battery - 5/5 (Easily last me 1.5 day on moderate use) 
Speed/Processor - 4/5 (Good for the Price, smooth UI) 
Camera - 5/5 (Shot Good quality Pics and Video) 
Waterproof and 4g works as advertised (Excellent). 
Good phone for fantastic price.  
 motorola moto g 2015
just got my phone and i must say that phone is very smooth..stock android experience is very good..
just some heating problem but that's okay..
camera is between average and good..
yet to recieve my airtel sim and overall good experience in mid level range 
 Camera is just awsome apart from other feature. 
cons:
Chop chop function at times does not activate the flash 
 Moto G3 is one of the best mobile under 15K . GOOD battery life, good sound quality.its good front and rear cam... 
 I am using this phone for last 24 hours, great phone.
Pros: Battery, Camera, build quality, speaker, Moto Apps (guesture, modes and all). 
Cons: Only the resolution (should be hd) 
 Simply the best phone a man can buy under 15000. It's way better than its's Chinese rivals and has a superior build quality.
Hats of to Flipkart for one day delivery.
As soon as the phone came , the first thing I did is that i gave it a dip in the water with youtube on, and it survived it like it was made for it.
Upgraded from S3 and is a bit bulky for that reason, Could have been a little slimmer.
Other than that works lag free and love the adapter with dual USB ports for charging my Ipad and Moto G at the same time.
Earphones too could have been a little better and softer, I wish they were earplugs instead. 
 it is the best ,i ever had...
everything in this phone is superb..
best camera
best battery backup and a clean final touch look... 
over all , i give 5 of 5 rating  
and at last ...a best delivery service from flipkart,,very very thanks to flipkart and keep going on with experiance.
camera is superb in quality based
2 gb ram makes phone faster for a good experiance.and a eye catching outlook attracts truely.
so just go for it and enjoy,,,...  
 I had ordered the Phone on July 28 12 Am received on July 30 2 pm in normal mode.
First thanks to flipkart fpr speedy delivery. 
About the Phone 
Pros:
1.4G
2.13MP camera
3.Hardware built was very good.
Remaining all are as same as moto g2 
Cons:
As usual while using 3G heating a bit high but it is same for all competitor phones. 
Don't think . Just go for it ... 
 Just now received the Moto G 3rd gen.......
Looking Awesome ...just quick reviewed the cam..its good front and rear cam...
its response is very quick as it is with 2GB Ram .. 
Am already using Moto G 1st gen...which is working without a single issue... 
Hope this Moto G 3rd gen will rock...:)   
 I got a tampered screen of this phone. On regular follow up by Flipkart, they continuously denied my refund and kept on escalating the issue. The issue was right away detected which was a hardware issue clearly. Flipkart service is least customer focused now. I boycott flipkart and do not recommendation to anyone. 
 * Very worst mobile configuration
* Very worst version 
* Consistently hanging 
* I was really disturbed of this useless product , two time requested for replacement again and again am getting same issue , so am coming for the final conclusion to return the arrogant product for refund... 
Please am requesting you to don't cheating the customer , if you have interest to cheating them , promisingly some one pumping you...mind it... 
Thanks for your valuable unauthentic support ... 
 30 days replacement. Just for name sake. I got defective piece and requested for return. Flipkart is telling all d bullshit stories wen they called me. Finally they did timepass for 30 days and the replacement time is over. Now they are asking to visit the nearest service centre of MOTO. I'm FULLY dissatisfied with Flipkart. Anyways we can't do anything now except using this defective one ... 
 After having used it for about 6 months, it's showing traits of Budget Smart Phone. Overheating, Quick Discharge and worst, occasional hanging and extremely slow performance. Better to go in for likes of Samsung or Nokia than these products. The only good part being it's Water Resistant feature. 
Now at 8 months, I literally need to switch of my data n wi fi to even search a name on phonebook. 
NOT AT ALL WORTH INVESTING MONEY ON MOTO PHONES! BEWARE 
 Hello guys, this is the first time am buying a Motorola series phone but to be frank I did fall in love with this amazing phone for such a handy prize. Am no techi guy to go on in with details but to be frank with you all folks this phone has done justice to me. I would recommend this phone for users who look for a match with their own identity. Well I've given a 5 star rating because it deserves....  
 Moto g3 is a good phone very compact not too big in size.. Don't think just go for... Jst awesome 
 This is review regarding seller i want to tell him please send me brand new phone in well package so that it will reach my place safely
This is 2nd time i place replacement request and i hope i will not be disappointed this time...wating for your kind attention... thanks? 
 I Order Moto G 3rd Gen mobile , I got msg from Flipkart that my product is out for delivery and next second I got msg that we can't reach you. I trace down my product and went 20kms to Flipkart hub to get my mobile. The pack is self is very bad. I can seen lot of dust . with lot of hope and anxiety I opened the box of Flipkart parcel. The courier welcomed me with unbareable odd smell (very bad smell like dead rat) its because of out dated packing material. Well coming to the mobile , I ordered for white mobile but what I found is gray mobile. White tured to gray bec of dust. As soon as I switched on I got direct home menu.with out any Android start up settings. I ordered for new mobile. But the Flipkart sent me USED MOBILE . I'm very disappointed . I didn't expect Flipkart gits this type of weird experience for festival . Hope Flipkart provide me a new mobile . (I am not commenting about Moto company, the Moto mobiles are very good but the industries like Flipkart fail to deliver the customers ) 
 I ordered a Moto G3 on 14h January. Received the phone on 18th and found the piece to have a Dust Particle/Dead Pixel below screen. So i requested for a return.
After repeated calls and arguments Flipkart guys finally accepted the return request and my replacement piece was dispatched on 19th January.
I received the replacement piece on 22nd January and after opening the box realized that this was again a Defective and Used piece. 
How could i tell ?
Defective = 
1. Phone has tinted display, yellow in one corner and bluish in another corner.
2. LED flash is already scratched.
Used =
1. My 1st piece received on 18th was a December manufacture and the new piece received on 22nd is a November manufacture.
2. Phone's box has 3 slips pasted one over another with the original hidden down.
3. Surprisingly found some 2-3 windows of apps already open when i switched on the phone. Some windows had coding, some others had other weird stuff.
I am very very disappointed with Both Flipkart and Motorola.
Now i will return the phone and get a Refund. No more Motorola and no more purchasing from Flipkart.  
 There is nothing certain with flipkart as it was previously with it that we could expect/believe there will be no any major drop on phone price. But now the trust before buying phones remains no more. As with in a month or two its turbo version came from 15000 to 11000, here also the same thing apply with the moto 3rd generation which I purchased 2 months back @ 13000 which is now available @ 9000.
Is this really justice to the customer flipkart is doing? especially the customers who trusted flipkart as it provides best price deal for which price remains same at least for 6 months to one year. But after some recent scenario it seems company is only looking for benefits, and there is nothing trustworthy any more for flipkart customer who really rely on it. So please don't purchase anything from flipkart as there is no certainty on price what flipkart is offering! Offers and deals are just show-off. 
 My phone is dead , job sheet no GWT-MG-15-01042.
Phone is dead within 1 month from purchase from Flipkart.
Submitted phone on 15th Dec, 2015. Till date i.e. 18th Jan, 2016 no positive resonse received from company. Company is killing time by asking more than 02 months to get my phone repaired. If the company does not have parts, then why does it sell its product.
The company may take another 06 months to repair my product but till then the company must provide a spare phone.
Also a guy called Prashant from Moto team had called who was exceptionally rude and did not want to listen to our problems.
I dont think i can ever buy a product from MOTO. They simply extract money from customers and then there is no such warrant they give. I am thinking to moving to consumer court, 
 I am not going by the good camera, other software feature that are really one of the best in the class. 
My concern is of speedy drain of battery. Even a moderate to low usage does not take you to 12 hours after a full charge. 
Sometimes it hangs for the incoming calls. Does not work smooth with battery save mode. 
Heating issue is there when you make a small call of 10 minutes. 
WORST OF ALL IS REPLACEMENT SUPPORT OF FLIPKART. Tech support people were NON TECHNICAL. They rely on a SMART CHECK app to check reality within 5 minutes. Customer experience has no value.
They guide customer to service center, however, the 30 days replacement guarantee is in force.
Once product is sold, Flipkart feels no liability to customer. 
 Today received 2nd replacement.AND now this device is OK,means reading micro USB Dual Pendrive ! I am happy and satisfied by Flipkart team's all out effort to sort my grievance and agreeing for 2nd replacement. Though there is no doubt about Motorolas's product quality,2 in a row defective deliveries with same issue frustrated me. My son is going to use this device and he always want to have MOTO G 3 only ! So he must be happy now ! Thanks Flipkart and 5 star rating is only to appreciate your customer team! 
Recd replacement but to my utter disappointment, it was also with same problem, viz. not detecting micro usb devices / OTG ! I wonder what quality check motorola is doing ? How a device passed QC test, unnoticed that it's hardware (Port) is not working ? Flipkart will keep replacing device after device but what about waste of time every time, syncing new device with google account ?  
Frustrated ! What to do ????????? 
Earlier Reviw 
Though all other features are working just fine, device is not detecting micro usb pen drive, OTG. So initiated product return request. Will be happy if replacement effected at the time of picking defective product, as done in most of the cases. 
Even battery was draining too fast but that issue can be usage dependent.  
Will give full review after replacement and using product for a week. 
 hi motorola india.im a big fan of motorola phone n in my family we r using 5 
moto phone but im now im feeling in respect of service issue this motorola 
india can win gold medal.i gave my motog 3 to service in kolkata mobile hub on 24th 
novemeber and they assuered me that it will take 10-15 days to change phone mic.on 10th
december that service center told that still they dont have parts and they dont
know when it will be ready.they them self agree that motorola backup service 
is very poor and motorola see huge no of phone but service parts have shortage
issue.i called motorola customer care (complain no 151214-0110577),care team reg
a complain and asked me to wait 72hrs to get a feed back from service team.as
usual after 72hrs i got a call from mr mohammad(repair service specialist team)
 as he said his name assured me that my phone will be ready by 24th december as
chenni flood make them repair parts delay to despatch (surprisingly flipkart has
no issue with selling new moto set from cheeni itself).today 25th again i got call
from that same mr mohammad that still phone is not ready and at last MAYBE it will
ready by 4th january.WHAT KIND OF COMPANY IS MOTOROLA INDIA THAT THEY NEED TO REPAIR A PHONE MORE THAN 90 DAYS ......
I THNIK MOTOROLA INDIA FEEL SHAME THAT THEY HAVE THIS KIND OF SERVICE IN INDIA.I DONT HAVE TIME TO GO COURT AND FILED A LEGAL CASE ON THEM.BUT REALY GIVING A GOOD ADVICE TO ALL MOTO CUSTOMER BEWARE OF MOTOROLA INDIA SERVICE.... 
 heating very fast when downloading apps, and talking more than 4-5 minutes. Battery will last in a 1/2 day with wi-fi connection. not good battery. thinking to return. now it is in observation mode.
I am wondering how motorola producing this type products! Not good battery and heating issue. 
thanks
mahesh desai 
 Please dont buy this product, even with the slight fall, the glasses will break. I dont know, why flipkart is selling this phone, if they cant guarantee the featured offered that this is unbreakable , even if it falls from 5 meter high. 
When complained ,flipkart is washing off its hands and asking me to get paid service. 
Both Motorola and Flipkart is cheating the customers, with high offers and useless customer service...... 
I am going to file a case against motorola against their wrong claims about the quality of the product 
 filpkart they send me a moto g 3rd gen duplicate product "filpkart is trusted an orginal product" this is false my moto g pros,nooooooooooo cons, heating up to 45c normal use phone
charger also heating
display is not at all scratch resistances full of lines normal use
i was lost my 12999 value of money buying in filpkart 
 Please dont buy anyhting from FLIPKART (aspecially from ws retails). 
And if at all you are a buying than call customer care and ask about WARRANTY. They have only mention 
"Warranty Summary -1 year manufacturer warranty for Phone and for in the box accessories" 
ask them what is included and what is not.
Let me tell you about my incident, i bought MOTO G3 16 gb mobile phone on 11.09.15, and 4 days back when i checked my mobile, plastic of top speaker torn, immediately i mail to FLIKART, they told me go to moto authorised service center, the guy at service center told me that it can not be done, because the plastic is a part of display and you have to change whole display and the cost of display is around 10,000/- and its not covered under WARRANTY
Now same thing i maild to FLIPKART,they are saying physical damage is not under warranty, than what is use of warranty.
From last 3 days i am writing mails to FLIPKART, they told me to pay rs 10,000 and get it done. 
 IN 2 MONTHS I HAVE TO SPEND RS 10,000/- and the cost of new phone is Rs 13.000.
Either MOTO or FLIPKART is making people fool, by writing 1 year warranty for Phone and for in the box accessories.  
 Mobiles also good performance camera fantastic But suddenly heating problem.. 
Delivery boy behavior very worst..  
I purchased this mobile rs:12999 for nov 5 2015 
But
nov 7 2015 give deepavali offer rs:11999  
Not give the any advertise for deepawali offer. So i loss of my money 1000. Tats i hate..  
Otherwise also good. 
 Got the white color Moto G, looks fantastic out of box! But that's where the excitement ended; the touch screen was non responsive. Had to get the phone restarted a few times and finally managed to get through the setup in landscape mode as a few keys would not respond to touch on portrait. That's not all, the phone now when unlocked keeps opening the camera app on it's own and starts recording video with flash on. Couldn't even perform a hard reset using the physical buttons as the screen kept showing an Command error. The phone also had a scratch on the bezel out of box so am pretty confident this was a refurbished unit. Scheduled a replacement with flipkart, hopefully I get a working piece the second time around! 
 I order Moto G (3rd Gen) LTE and the day I got this phone it start getting heated when i plug to charging or if you talk for long time. I complaint to flip kart but there are not ready to replace the product and asking me to do troubleshoot.
and I don't think this the right step if you buy some thing new why you want troubleshoot.
if the product start giving you issue at very first day you should replace it instead of repairing it . 
Very disappointed with the services.
all over 1 star 
 Don't buy from flipkart. No chance of return, only replacement. I ordered a handset, but later I found it was available at cheaper rate, but can't exchange.
Rest all OK. 
 Got defective product 1st time too much heating issue temp crossed 46c ...flipkart replaced it but still having issues with the replaced product...the screen heats too much on surfing internet for just 10-15 min...n camera is below avg...totally disappointed with motorola n flipkart...the usb cable in the replaced product is duplicate one...never gonna buy from flipkart 
 Had problem with the hand set, it was not charging, told the customer support executive that the charging adapter was not inserted but he said that the smart check app shows charging. It is ridiculous to say that when the adapter itself is not plugged, how can it show charging? Is it wireless charging? FIRST NOTE THE PROBLEM WE MENTIONED AND TROUBLE SHOOT AND GIVE GUIDANCE, WE PURCHASE THE PRODUCT ON THE FEATURES AND IMAGE SHOWN, IF YOUR RETURN POLICY IS LIKE THIS IN THE CASE OF GENUINE DEFECT, THE CHARM OF ONLINE PURCHASE WILL GO OFF ESPECIALLY FLIPKART. 
 Purchased Moto G 3rd Gen 16 GB White phone from Flipkart. It is clearly Mentioned on the Box and the web site of the Company that it is 4G LTE but when tried using the 4G of Airtel it is not working and when contacted the Airtel and Motorola helping they say that it is working on some different frequency so i can't use it.
It is all making fool of consumer. It is nowhere mentioned that this is the limitation in the set.
I feel cheated so wants to make other aware.
Pls DONT BUY MOTO G 3RD GEN 
OR ANY OTHER PRODUCT FROM FLIPKART 
 I am having overheating issues with the phone. It gets heated even when I use torch for 5 min. I replaced 1 before but I am still getting same issue. And flipkart does not give proper response. and they rejected my return request. 
 Flipkart promised a offer of sim card with moto g3 and it was roaming all oner india for one week and now they say that it was lost and the order is cancelled and the amount will be returned ?? what is the point its an offer how can they return that too what ?? 
Why claiming offers and disappointing people... 
 I had ordered two g3s and one of them seems to be defective.
1. 'ok google' voice input is not working.
2. The display looks dull compared to the other one.
 Dull compared with most of other g3 of my friends. 
I have registered a request to return.  
 I ordered this product on 4th Sept, 2015. Got delivered on 10th Sept. As it was gift to my father on his 60th Birthday, I did not opened it and handover it to him on 12th Sept. After opening ceremony/inauguration, he reviewed the phone and come to know that some damaged in speaker and mike from whr we listen and speak. Then he went to local phone accessory shop to buy cover n thought of inquire about the design of phone. Shop person reviewed the same and said the piece is defective. After contacting me, I took that product with me, and called Customer Care on 14th Sept. As usual some system problem, did not get proper information. then I put return request, So that at least I can get product replaced. After putting request I called customer care again explaining the problem, and he said the product is not available and I can get refund of my money. 
After all this initial formality, main story starts.....I got system generated mail saying return request and pickup details. This was first false alarm. Pickup did not happen on intimated date. I tried calling Customer Executive since that day every other day and started writing mail to know what are the discrepancies in the process and how long time will take. Keeping trust on Customer Care, I waited for 2-3 days. Then 2nd of Story Starts here, Since the date 22 Sept, I started calling Customer Care...same bla bla bla explaining issue, till the time I get frustrate and not getting satisfied reply, I asked to transfer phone to their main Management people Seniors so that I can get some true information about the issue.Here it starts, 2nd level of high frustration level, scolding towards management, and saying all the false promises, cheating, false assurance.Since this time I again thought as I had talk with senior management, I should wait some more time, as they have given on particular date my issue of replacement and reverse pickup will happen in this hope.
Every day I called them had talk with senior management and they gave next day of resolving issue.My patience ended on 27th Sept, I wrote an harsh mail to cs@flipcark.com saying I have to take strict action against them and I suffering of mine contacting each day and getting standard system generated mails. Apart from this nothing is happening.Next day I receive apology mail from flipkart, saying its been already escalated the issue and next 2-3 days pickup arrangement will done. 
Again keeping my anger n patience in control of hoping that late but pickup will happen finally. And again replied to the mail that, as my pickup and delivery address is my office address and as per therir mail pickup will happen in 2-3 days, it would be a weekend, i have to present need to go to office address, If couries pickup person comes. So I requested them to provide actual day and time so that I can present at my office address, with product to submit for return. 
On 30th of Sept, 12 PM in the afternoon I got answer that, on same day pickup person will come before 7 PM in the evvening , keep product ready and other std bla bla... 
As usual the story started and continued, again same thing happened, there was no call, no email, no message reagrding pickup.
Again I mailed in the morning of 1st Oct, 2015, to customer care, explaining all the stuff regarding pickup was about to happen on 30th Sept, It didn't happen and I called to Courier agency office from where pickup supposed to be done. They answered, they did not get any of the information from flipcart about my product, that pickup should be done.Then on same day means 1st Oct11the morning I got reply of mail. Saying again apology text standard bla.and postponed the pickup on 3rd Oct, 2015.yesterday evening again I called to customer care asking to transfer phone to their senior management. Again all my control patience finally ended ....when I listen to their apology and consoling talk. And I told them it been a month now I just calling flipcart, an same talk, messages replies I get. What if pickup will not happen on 3rd of Oct. How can I trust flipcart. Then I just informed them that now its time to lodge a police complain and file a case against them of "CHEATING, providing damaged/ defective product, and FAKE PROMISES, ASSURANCCE being the 30 days replacement period, and not getting assured feedback from the company and suffering due to same"
So the conclusion is Its a worst experience of mine buying a product frm Flipcart, and that too all my surprise, gift to my fathers 60th Birthday, spoiled..I am doing on;ine shopping since last 4 years, and it was just a sucking suffering from flipcart of mine. I enquired to few of my friends about my phone all of they who had MOTO G2, they have defects on their phone, abd after replacing they got new phone....
But in my Case nothing is happening..to my dad's birthday gift costing 12,999 MOTO G3....Fucking these Flipcart people.cheating and providing defective damaged piece. 
Worst online eCommerce shopping site in India.  
 Motorola sxxxx . It has no intention of serving its Customers . It promotes and seIls a phone without having spares in stock I am completely frustrated by the response of its Customer care and other so called executives who have no clue how to handle or resolve a Customer issue . I purchased a MOTP G mobile phone through Flipcart on 04-08-2015. 
On 23rd August the touch screen got cracked. 
On reporting this, I was informed by Flipcart and by Motog that this needs to be repaired by the service station 
The service station informed me that the spare parts are not available and as there was no information as to when it would be made available by Moto . 
I have repeatedly requested Moto( at least 25 times) through the number 1800-1022344, to expedite this . Though I was assured repeatedly that this would be raised to the appropriate executive level, there has been no satisfactory response. 
I reiterate my position that if the manufacturer of a product cannot make necessary spare parts available to service a product, the manufacturer is obliged to replace the product or make interim arrangement. Informing the customer to wait indefinitely is not acceptable 
I have been given dates when it would be done. Each of the dates have passed and there has been no resolution. Nobody seems to know what to do . All I get is some inane replies. 
Motorola is dishonest in its response and completely insensitive to Customer needs . IT IS 5 WEEKS SINCE MY FIRST CALL TO MOTOROLA AND STILL NOW NO RESOLUTION 
THEY JUST EVADE CALLS . DONT BUY MOTOROLA YOU GET NO SUPPORT OR SERVICE 
 Main purpose of mobile is to make calls but most of moto g3 mobiles fail in this regard. Being flipkart customer since 3 years i can tell, it has all lost it's good will in the sense of service and also in the sense of quality. when i called to customer care there was only sorries from their side but not solution. MY DEAR FLIPKART WE NEED SERVICE AS WE PAID MONEY TO YOU FOR OUR PRODUCTS NOT 'SORRIES'. 
 Phone is good but my phone is having issues with mic. When i speak my sound is fluctuating at times not always (decreasing at times and i need to shout to make the other person understand what i am speaking after few seconds it will be clear and this repeats for every call) and not heard clearly. I have called the flipkart guys for replacement and in their intial invitigation they found that everything is working fine. They have simply installed a software and called me to record my voice and playback that recording to me and said that everything is working fine . I tried to explain that voice is not low continuously but it is happening in every call in intervals and their 5 secs of recording is not sufficient to say that everything is working fine. They have rejected my replacement request and asked me to visit nearby service center. Now i have to deposit my phone to get it repaired and they will not provide any alternate mobile for that time. I am not sure if this is happening for other's too. I am managing this issue by using my earphones. There is no issue if i use my earphones. 
 I purchased Moto G one month back. After second day I started hang.Sometimes I am unable to receive calls, the touch suddenly stopped working and call was missed. When I contacted to customer care they only suggested to format it huh.. and the seller rejected to exchange it. 2 GB of RAM doesn't stands anywhere. Still Its facing some technical issues. The bad experience of mine that's it. 
 1.Hardware issue - touch sensitivity is poor.
2.Phone overheating.
3.Poor customer support from flip kart
4.Poor performance 
5.Worse battery backup.
6.Poor camera in low light 
 I have purchased phone from flipkart. with in a 15 10 minutes of usage this is heating very much and the battery is also draning very fast in just 2 hours. I have contacted flipkart customer care for replacement but they are taking no responsibility. everyone is tellig diffrent things . I have also visited to service center but they are saying that it is in one month warronty so replace it by flipkart. I have put return request 4-5 times but every time it is cancelled. what is this..????
I am really disappointed with flipkart service and customer care. 
 within a week of purchase, a yellow spot have crop on scree...on complaining, don't know which app flipkart uses, it told us to visit moto service center, and moto service center is not accepting it, stating its under 30 day replacement warranty. stuck like a pendulum, haven't imagined this from flipkart. 
 Order ID: OD203771721950424000
I have raised the complain of heating issues on the device.
Followed the proper protocol, and after all the technical testing by flipkart agents multiple times over the phone and in person. and Also they agreed that the device has a heating issue.
While talking on the phone my nose bleeded.
They check and agreed that the device has heating issues, still would not replace the product.
No reason given.
PLEASE HELP ,
 Hope this request you put on your websites to contact you is issues are not resolved actually works. 
Looking forward for your reply asap.
Once again all the technical test has been done .
PLEASE replace the device ASAP. 
 Why i have purchased from flipkart because they gives good service not only product delivery After delivery they gives customer satisfaction about the product if any problem with in one month replacement/refund warrenty. but still my experience it is not true Last week(12/09/2015) I have purchased Moto G3 from Flipkart Battery of this product not withstand as mentioned in spec. It can withstand only 4hrs. More heat is generated by the handset. Since it was asked to return within 2 days from the product received. But it was rejected without proper solution. Likely the return request was made 3 times. Eventhough the product was not replaced. Yesterday one technical person called me he is name shankar accept my problem via smart check but he was disapproved I dont know why? After checking he is telling to go check moto service center then why he checked? why they gives purchase agreement mentioned 30 day replacement warrenty? it is not true it is only for add. We are very much disappointed with this product & your response. Youre wasting our time for waiting your client response. We are mentally affected by this process. Please immediately replace/refund the product. If this continuous we (Friends & our employees) will worry to buy from flipkart in furture. 
 I was among the ist who ordered the Moto G 3 on the launch day, from 28th July till now i got 8 defected Moto G 3 phones.. 2-3 times they gave me replacement but after that nothing.. then i sold it out on olx. after that i ordered from new id, again defected then again replacement 2 times.. so in total i got g3 defected 8 times. and now i am going to buy some another.. i was not only the one but my friends too had the same problem... DEFECTED DEFECTED DEFECTED.. Motorola looting customers 
 Earphone wasn't working,so wanted a replacement.but Flipkart behaved very rudely, lied and used dilatory techniques to frustrate the customer.Every time u call them they take 24 hours to even say yes/no to your query.Confuse you with fussy details of their so called "Free & Easy Returns".Thank God we have other e-retailers else it would have ruined us.Guys beware if u have any problem after buying anything from Flipkart.
 For the product: Moto G3 was worth the price and it has done a nice job with quad core processor.No heating issue, no lags, nice audio and good build quality.Camera is good (not best), shots in the dark are bad. 
 ITS IS A VERY GOOD DEVICE ,EVEN MY MY DREAM PHONE 
IT GIVES U EVERY THING ,WORTH THE PRICE 
2. PROBLEMS I FACED WAS DELIVERY WAS VERY VERY VERY SLOW
3.IT TOOK MORE THEN A MONTH TO GET THIS PHONE IN MY HANDS
4.DELIVERY WAS DELAYED AND SO I FACED MANY PROBLEMS 
5 . HOWEVER MOTO ROCKSS 
6. VERY ADVANCED ENGINEERING 
 i got the phone delivered in 2 days ...so not bad ...4 stars for that...but coming to the phone...this phone is super fast.never hangs ..no heating problems...super charging...long battery...and super HD display..internet is very fast...audio output is decent but not so gr8....the andriod software version of this product is excellent and the phone is really smart ..i would give a full thumps up to this phone....the only complaint i have is i didnt recieve the free airtel data offer along this phone...haha..for 13k rupees this is excellent phone in the market..one can buy this phone blindly... 
 My Product was delivered in wrong address i don't know how it is happens. not receiving any any call regarding my product. 
 Phone is fine.
Got the phone late. 
Flipkart gave 6 offers at the time of purchase. Almost all were useless, except for Airtel double data offer. For that offer only I got so many calls and mails to get that offer activated on the handset and finally after a month they are telling me the "new conditions" which were mentioned no where on the website.
Really disappointed with the kind of service and attitude of Flipkart towards its customers. 
 I was very happy with the phone's performance.But after a month my touchscreen went blank and stopped working.And then I came to knew about Motorola Services they provide in India.After submitting my device at service center they told me to wait for 10-15 days.I called them after a week they didn't received my calls and till today they haven't received my calls.And if you call Motorola services(toll free no.) you will figure out what a worst service could be like.They will start delaying your issue week after weeks.Even today i haven't received any positive update from them.Motorola Services simply ignores you.I m sorry to say that I m not going to buy Motorola phones from now.Motorola please dont sell phones in India if you cant give at least at fair service.People should know what Motorola service are really. 
 I am wrting this review after using this phone for 20 days. I ordered this phone on 30th July,2015 and received on 3rd august,2015 with a 4G SIM and few offers from myntra and WS retailer. Thanks Flipkart for the fast delivery.
The phone is the best mobile within 20k budget, even if Motorola had priced it as 16-17k, it would be fair. Performance wise it is very very fast and within this 20 days this phone never hanged. yoo!!! Battery backup is out of my imagination. I was using Google Nexus 4 for 2 years and after using this phone I am extremely happy with the battery backup. I watched a full movie and lost only 8% charge.. it's just wow!!! Camera quality is good but I compared with Mi4i which my brother is already using and the image quality is slightly better in Mi. This phone is very handy and the back finishing is awesome. I would just recommend everyone to go with this phone. I am just little bored with the look as my old Nexus 4 and Moto g 3rd gen looks very similar. The booting is incredibly fast, the apps are running very smooth and another very good feature is the awesome touch screen. Though this is a water resistant mobile, I have not tested it. haha!!! Guys don't hesitate before ordering it you are really searching for a fast mobile with good battery backup within 15k. :) :) 
 product is too good,however time taken to deliver the product is not good.Unnecessarily called the customer care of flipkart and asked to deliver it soon. 
 Bad experience at all! 
Bad experience from all side from moto g3 from flipkart return policy. 
Filpkart guy calls me and says we will solve the problem and then sent me mail of query resolved! 
Bullshit! 
 This phone is really good for the price and quality. Motorola has remade a name but it has to go beyond the publicity hype to remain afloat among some good new entrants. 
Deducted 1 star for Flipkart's lousy service that is turning pathetic with every passing day.  
Though they delivered the phone one day before the promised date but earlier they use to wow the customer by fairly extreme quick delivery. Hope Flipkart make improvements. 
 I ordered this phone on first day of it's launch and got it delivered by Flipkart on 31st July2015. Packaging was good but when I started the phone, it was heating like hell and battery was draining too fast, just in 4-5 hours without using it. I contacted Flipkart for the issue, they asked to install some software to test...and this is no where mention on the Flipkart website that customer has to install some app on your phone in order to get the replacment..I contacted several times to Flipkart and everytime they keep on rejecting my request with some un-convinced answers. FInally I went to MOTO service Center and they said that battery has some issues and then Flipkart sent me replacement yesterday however again the phone which was replacedd it has now screen issus... I can see different colors while screen is on and it looks very pathetic.. OMG... I totally frustrated by the Flipkart service.. worst experience ever....if there is any option of "NO STAR" I would go for it...so just 1 star from me... 
 First of all 5* for the phone, its a true value for Money. But my this review is more focused to flipkart than this phone. 
Flipkart has turned into a horrible e-retailer. It no longer has any respect for its customers. This is very much clear from a mix of arrogant and lethargic people in its customer support. In such a competitive market FLIPKART seems to be loosing its sheen. It does not acknowledge of its loyal customer. I had a terrible overall experience of the site an its people. I will strongly recommend other e-Shopping sites over Flipkart, even if the product cost more on others, would still highly recommend to NOT SHOP ON FLIPKART 
I know FLIPKART hardly bothers about my review but I want say 
1. You are loosing customer focus.
2. A company's customer service reflects its attitude - If you are not sure why not give a call and check! It will be a rude shock for you too,
3. Money making is focus of every business, but not on expense on loyal customers.
4. You just now lost an old time customers of yours. Bye Bye Flipkart!!!  
 Got this phone delivered recently. The phone speakers are defective. It seems there is no quality check during packaging of phones by motorola or flipkart. Subsequently filed a replacement return by Return ID: 26048705, but till date no one call me to en-quire about it. On calling customer care they say they have called me and I did not reply. Why would I not reply when I am the sufferer ? It feels the flipkart only want to sale and get money but there customer support is pathetic. Its takes light years to connect there helpline and if I am able to connect there customer service agent say that the system is down. Wish I had not choose flipkart. 
 I ordered for a moto g3 from flipkart and received it on 1aug 2015. On 7 aug,i just plugged in the headset and realized the songs are getting dropped when i listen to them,i.e,they begin then stop and restart from another paragraph.I saw the problem with both play music and apps like saavn and gaana.I reported to flipkart to check for the issues and replace my phone with a new one as this has hardly been used.But to my horror,these people just called me to tell me that should reset the phone and everything will be fine.I did all this but the issue didnt resolve.They cancelled the replacement request and I have sent the complaint again today and they are supposed to get back to me tomorrow by 1:30 PM, but i have less faith on these people!Now i am looking for places to sell my phone and i might also incur losses for the same!So i want to tell you people to not buy this product as flipkart is the worst site when it comes to after product service!I swear i will never buy a thing ever from this place again.An honest review hopefully will save others from investing time and money of other innocent people into this bullshit company. 
 better than expected, fast, water proof, stock android the best, no useless apps pre installed. bit unhappy with flipkart for the first time. i hope they dont get worse. 
 Dear flipkart team, i have order this product on 31st july so according to that im in under 6 offers. I got my product on 5th of august which is almost 5 days. very bad delivery by flipkart this time. with this product i didnt get anything. no 4g airtel sim card, no voucher for myntra or flipkart. i didnt get anything among those 6 offers. being a regular coustomer just not happy. this is just cheating...... 
 This is my first review on flipkart ...
heating issues and battery drains problems in the first 24 hours of use.... 
 Flipkart delivery is excellent - got it within 2 days. 
1. from old android phone, very easily transferred all contents to new phone, using moto migrate app. In 30 minutes all set. 
2. 4G is a welcome move. got an airtel free 4G sim card - easily transferred my plans to it. (note that the free SIM which was provided had 19 digits instead of 20. So i went to the airtel showroom and they told the 20th digit was alphabet 'u". In 15 minutes all was set.  
3. Battery life sounds normal. Able to stand 1 full day.  
4. 2GB RAM is welcome move. Phone doesnt get slow or hanged as of now and no heating. Games should play well. Also 64 bit processor helps. (compared to the 32 bit processors in old phones) 
5. I put in a 16GB external memory card - but note that maximum it can support is 32GB. Its waterproof as per specs.  
Cons:
6. Just Ok with this Display. :
The Display is HD. (not Full HD) - So that explains why it wont consume more battery power. (compared to Full HD sharp displays like MI or Yu Yureka in this category) 
7. The back panel is some pastic material, would need a case else gets dirty easily. Have to wait to get cases supporting this new phone. (dont want flip case) 
8. The Built-in Launcher is just Ok. This is not a problem. Installed 3rd party apps free like "Everything me Launcher' or "smart launcher 3" to get a better look. 
At this price, its common to have full HD display - but MotoG3 doesnt have it. 
In coming months with new models going to be launched by competitor it should be challenging for MotoG 3to keep going at this rate, Price will fall. For those interested to get the best Picture Display clarity would suggest to check phones accordingly.  
for those who just need a smartphone and use it rough , this would suit.   
 There are so many positives reviews regarding screen resolution .
I don't think resolution is HD it seems to be qHD.
Colors seems to be dull as compare to Moto G2 with same resolution and same size.
Due to lagging color all images ,videos and camera photos not looks good.
I don't know if this an issue with my mobile ,i have placed replacement order. 
Pros:
Better performance
water resistance
looks stylish 
Cons:
Rear camera not like 13 MP
heating issue  
Will update the review after using replaced MOTOG3 
 This is the first time i'm writing a negative review. i was using earlier Lenovo P780 than Mi3 both were fantastic phones. 
Moto G-3 being in the price segment of Mi4,Mi3 Asus, lenovo is not upto the expectation. 
lot of software bugs, options like cast screen disabled.
Battery consume very fast not able to sustain a day and this is when i have optimized every possible battery draining activity.
i found heating problem and touch screen doesnt work if it has even a single drop of sweat.
speaker is loud so gud.
no notification light so if you charging your phone or if you have any msg unlock phone and see,
very unconvenient.
conference call option is useless, it doesnt allow you to add any person unless clicked on add call. moreover if you searching by typing name it will not let you dial. you can only dial when keyboard goes off.
you can not add home screen, option not given to user while good its automatically added but user doesnt have control.
No theme selection is available, you can only change wallpaper or sound.
OTG worked but i have to manually search the USB drive, it doesnt give any notification.
in call history, i was not able to see the durations of last calls, while i can see the time but no duration.
i cant delete individual entry of call history of any given no. either delete full or none.
moreover one point for all those who explore, it doesnt let you work from ADB command.
i have Moto G-2 and i found not much difference except the configuration, the usability experiance remain same, motorola Forgot to work on user Convenience. 
 Dear Motorola, 
I own Moto G2 as well and when I have ordered Moto G3, I was in the impression that as the images of Mobile is showing 2 speakers, it will work in a similar manner as Moto G2. 
I was shocked when I found that while playing music or during putting call on a speaker phone, the top speaker stops producing sound and only bottom speaker works. This has completely ruined the sound quality comparing to Moto G2. No one who is upgrading G2 to G3 will be able to know that this feature has been eliminated. 
After talking to Flipkart customer service, it has been confirmed that it has been designed like this and Flipkart has escalated customer complaints to Motorola already. 
I request Motorola for providing a resolution for enabling top speaker when putting it on loud speaker and do not disappointment existing customers like this. 
Thank you and looking forward for a software update or something which can resolve this issue. 
Apart from this, the LED notification has also gone. All other features like Camera, display, looks all are good so giving 2 stars for that. 
Thanks... 
 Multitasking is very fluent with all basic social networking running backend, RAM 2GB that one is awesome. then the battery back up is too good. but the camera clarity is very bad.. not as much for the 13MP. front camera too okay only. 
 Rear camera quality is worst, look like 1.5 MP... 
DONT BUY ...if you buy looking towards 13MP camera.. 
 Hello friends i have this product for 2 times but 2 times also got canceled because of some technical issues they are saying different different reasons.  
 This my review after 1 week of use. 
The phone is superb at this price point and u will not find any phone competing to this.
Everything is good including processing,camera,built quality, battery life, performance. 
The display is bit dull. but still good. after all a HD display.. 
after 13 days of use.......
suddenly i found that there is an issue with screen.
if your screen is off then u will find some thick vertical lines from top to bottom of the screen.
if u bend the phone a bit u will sure see it. 
i didnt like this. this is a manufacturing defect and i have requested a return to flipkart.
if this dont matter to u then GO FOR IT.
U will not find better than this 
 I have not liked this product Moto G 3 rd gen not reached my expectations
1.Not usable with my Samsung Smart TV
2.Not a Good Music App
3.No recorder
4.NO Shortcuts to On-Off Data Network..
5.No Themes. 
6.COST : I Spent 4 to 5 K more 
7.No Colour Customization 
8.Messaging is done on Black and White - No Colours
9.No LED indication
10.3.5 MM jack is exactly top middle..Headphones are usable when I keep in Belt Pouch
11.Volume Button is placed exactly at middle --Problems when I use to take Selfie with Selfie Tripod
Flipkart Customer Care tough to reach  
 I'm not an expert to decide which is the best mobile, however want to write few lines.
My first love "Moto G" became my obsession for its super looks and price.
What more anyone want in that price?
In our town many were unaware of the Motorola's re-entry in Indian mobile market.
I bought very first Moto G in my town in Feb'14.
I became famous overnight( in fact Motorola made me famous).
Again I'm the very first owner of 3rd Gen.
This new baby is simply sooooooooper.
Mwaaaah, Moto.
I'm in love again.
I'm obsessed.
Moto Moto Moto Moto......
Subah se shaam thak Moto.
I just cant take my hands off.
Ab aap log samjhinge ki merku kuch kaam dhandha nai hei, sirf phone leke dhin ka guzaara karroon.
For your kind information I work in a nationalised Bank(Andhra Bank). 
 1. NOT GRIPY AT EDGES. 
2. PHONE TO SCREEN RATIO IS MORE WHICH MAKE THIS PHONE NOT ATTRACTIVE.
2. FACE DESIGN IS NOT BETTER THAN MOTO G2.
3. IT SHOULD BE MORE GRIPY AND ATTRACTIVE. 
4. BACK PANEL IS GOOD BUT NOT FITTED COMPLETELY. 
 No compass or Gyro ?? that was sneaky for a 2015 phone priced at 13K. 
I am all for experience over specifications , but this phone is grossly underpowered especially in the graphics department. Just compare how much faster the zenphone 2 is at the same price range. There is no real reason Motorola couldnt have gone with a snapdragon 615 or the likes. 
The biggest selling point is Motorola's prior track record of great software. Now that it has the cheap chinese adopted lineage from Lenovo , need to see how that holds up.... 
Wouldn't buy one for myself , good phoragon 615
ne to get for your aunt or granny.  
 Happy with Pure Android Lollipop, IPX7 water-resistant, OTG, 4G. 
BUT .. 
Lil disappointed with poor camera quality, No LED Notification light.  
Expected more core, mAh, fast processor, it lags while multi-tasking! 
Same quality earphone as had got it with moto e!  
And can't avail any of the data offers because NO 3G/4G in my area!! :(  
Thanks to Flipkart for fast near home delivery through its Ekart Logistics. 
Flipkart & Android - 5 stars | Motorola - 4 stars  
Thanks for reading. :-)  
EDIT: After using more than fifteen days, I say it's a decent smartphone at this price range in the online market now. 
 I bought this mobile two days back. In my Moto G3 OTG is not supported. All other features on this mobile is good. 
 camera is so bad as there is 13MP Camera but clearity is too bad.
Not happy with this phone. front cameras clearity is aslo bad. 
 Before one week i have purchase moto G-3rd Generation..when charging is on at that time phone heat upto 42 to 46 degree premature it is too much danger for call so i have complain to flipkard but not quick response. Flipkart to sell the MOTO G3 mobiles they r offering 6 offers but which is not true....False statement given by flipkart.. 
For Temperature check : *#*#4636#*#* 
 Brand new phone unable to connect to WiFi b or g or n networks. Asked for replacement. Look and feel OK. Light weight. Unable to use as Wifi is not able to connect!!!! 
 1. No Notification LED
2. Not supporting Floating window
3. Does not support Applock
Not worth buying 
 Product is OK but even when i not using game and other application the battery is draining continuously. This is the big disadvantage for us .Daily charging is required . Charging takes more time 
 My 1.8 yrs old daughter dropped this phone as usual how she drops phones at home iPhone 6 plus, 4, 5s, 6, Moto E, Le 1s, Samsung Note 3, iPhone 4. I was using a good quality tempered glass as well with this phone but still the screen got cracked and the tempered glass was fine. Now I have to replace it for 5k. 
 Great purchase in Rs-/ 9449.After all cost matters. 
Cons: with latest marshmallow android OS. No lag in performance (battery, camera). IPX7 Water Resistance.13 MP Primary Camera,2470 mAh Battery,4G LTE. Battery is sufficient for normal user. 
5 inch Corning Gorilla Glass 3 touch with excellent build quality and handy device.
pros: Not found till now. 
 After reading many reviews in the internet finally i decided to buy motog(3rd gen) from flipkart... just after 30 days my phone automatically got switched off.. then took it to the authorised service center and they said its bcose of some software problem... then again after 3 weeks my phone got switched off automatically and again the same problem.. not switching on... again i had given it to the service center for repair... very pathetic experience with this phone...  
I WOULD SUGGEST NOT TO BUY THIS PHONE !!!!! 
 I got this mobile for my dad after being satisfied with MotoG 1st generation phone. However I'm extremely disappointed and regret recommending this phone to my dad as the battery drains by evening and the phones heats up a lot. This issue was not there earlier but has suddenly cropped up. 
 I got my MG3 yesterday and I found 3 problems  
1 Quallity Of product is very worst big quallity diffrance in 1 & 3 
2 OTG Not working with any cord & PD 
3 Upper Speaker Not Working While Play Video 
 Good Camera quality if u are not use to DSLR frames.
Voice Clarity like all other phones.
Pretty fast when I compared to Nokia Lumia I was using before this.
No Heating issues if compared to Redmi
Liked the battery back.. 
The only issue is with the headphones if u are a music lover like I prefer headsets than loudspeaker(Which is also not very good). 
Rest all is good.Didn't faced any issues yet. 
 its really good i am middle class family this is v.expensive to buy paid in emi then got i used moto e, moto g, now moto g3 really iam mad in cell world so every time changing but now coming latest so many cells came same feutures moto also but i like this one only really i promise for a long time i use this one only awsome fone motog3 i love it dont think other way ever nd never go a hed to buy this 5/5 all specifications really beleive it. 
 The company is selling the phone by saying it is waterproof but I must tell you it's not at all waterproof. Even small amount of water can put the phone out of order. Mine got switched off even when if was in my pocket of rain jacket. I took to service center and they told me it would cost me Rs 5,500 and would take at least 45 days. 
This is really disappointing. I would never trust this company again. 
 I'm not here to review the Moto G3... If I'm not pleased, I wouldn't have ordered the second one. I only wanted to inform buyers that my COD purchase was delivered on time. But my second purchase on credit card with EMI option is not yet delivered.Even the tracking details are imperfect. Being a flipkart first customer, I never expected this. I suggest you guys to always go with COD option. 
 Battery 2.5/5
Display 3/5
Slightly bulky, back cover does not fit well around the camera. Overpriced compared to Lenovo K3 Note.  
 I was very excited to buy this phone, I believed this is Motorola product so it has to be good 
I am using this phone since last month and Im very disappointed with it. following are the big issue with this product 
|1. Battery : it is worst, I have to charge it 3 times daily
2. Phone is hanging without any big App running
3. Sometimes it behave very inconsistently   
 I have received phone it is of good quality and features you can go for it but as they are mentioning offer for 3G and 4G connnection it is not there 
 Phone is extremely getting heated when we use video call/ Wi-Fi. Temperature is crossing above 46 degrees. 
 under 13k Its a awesome device,
as a engineer, I am not writing the specificance because these device meets more than the customer satisfacrion and need.
But Moto G have to include few things which might be not noticed by moto G engineers-
1. File Explorer- concise every file of phone and sd in a compact manner
2. Require create folder and app arrangement option in menu 
3. pre installed M s office and zip reader for easily access business file
4. improved the back case attachment quality
5. Led notification along with moto smart display
6. Require screen clearity
7. cabablity to Add contacts specific ringtone
8. few little pre installed application like compass, Notes ,Tasks etc ; most helpfull for buyers 
 Phone worked well for one or two days.. then it started showing problems.
the major problem is:
*very frequent network drop, need to restart phone to get back network
*sim 2 works fine but sim1 network goes off completely and then a phone reboot is required.
everyday 2-3 times i need to repeat it , which is very annoying
*sluggishness, the device response is very bad while playing clash of clan. also swiping throught screen you can feel the sluggishness.
Go for samsung phones guys, moto is no better than any other chinese phone available in market 
 I have bought mobile recently and after 1 hour I noticed that the display of the screen shows distorted images and pink colored lines on it . 
 1.camera quality is too poor. Camera of moto e 2nd gen is more clear then it.
2. It generate too much heat if you use it more then 15 min continuously.
3.13k is not a suitable price for this mobile.moto g 1st gen is better then it. 
 I bought this phone on 27th of August 2015 from flipkart ...this phone have not much better result when we are playing a game just like Subway Surfers, temple run , I am talking these common games who are running without any interruption or hanging on very common moblie phone. apart from hardware issues battery is not good for heavy work like gaming or video songs. 
Thank You ....Finally Bad mobile phone. 
 Pros:
1) Build Quality - Awesome build quality. Back panel matte finish
2) 2GB Ram
3) 5 inch Perfect screen size for standard use with good battery Backup
4) 2470mAh Battery with good battery backup
5) Camera quality - Awesome in Sunlight
6) IPX7 Water resistant
7) Audio quality is good 
Cons:
1) Headphone quality not up to the mark.
2) Fast charge not working even with 2amp charger.  
 1. Amazing Camera front and back quality.
2. It is taking long time to full charge. 
3. Looking good 
4. Battery Back up is also good.
5. Video Quality and Music system is also good.
6. I'll highly recommend this product 
 Once again a awesome mobile from "MOTO".
Good picture quality, 
Superb camera,
Super sound,
All is well-Worth for money.... 
 Battery life is very low....bcz i use fb massenger for 3 hours. when i start chathing i see battery is 100%.. after 3 hours battery going down to 50%..omg!!!!!! 
 i luv motorola, thank u flipkart for speedy delivery. excellent service. 
Pors
1. Display Nice
2. Camera ok
3. operate very fast 
 1ST OF ALL IN 13K PRICE IT'S A VERY GOOD MOBILE. DESIGN, IT'S HARDY LOOK IS AWESOME. 
Let's come to the point.  
1. Display is very good. Brightness is far enough better than other phones in 13k. 
2. Very Smooth touch. 
3. Camera is awesome in outdoor, but in indoor comparatively low but very good, Front camera is also very good. 
4. Slow motion feature is delicious. 
5. Trust me battery backup is not too good as all thinking.On first day I charged it 14 hours continuously and then after use I get a OK OK result. "NOT THE BAD NOT THE WORST it's AVERAGE"  
6. File explorer is not given as other moto , but it is not a factor you can download it from play store "ES FILE EXPLORER" according to me its a best one. 
7. Sound quality is too good, 5 stars for sound. 
8. Its short cut like, to open camera shake the phone and to open torch any time just shake the phone vertically. these features are awesome. 
9. LOLIPOP 5.1.1 has a problem that if you want to open mobile data you have to enter into the setting through notification page and then from there you can open the data connection, but in other version of android you always get a shortcut on notification page to open mobile data. 
10. It's 1.4 quad core processor but its a super fast. 
MY OVERALL REVIEW AFTER USING THIS PHONE IS 4.5 OUT OF 5. 
REST IS YOUR CHOICE. :-)  
 I got Moto G3 tomorrow. Phone is good but both camera are worst compare to 13MP and 5MP. 
If you buy Nokia phone of 5K than camera would be better than this. If you are more interested in camera than don't buy.  
 First things first- Note that this is not a premium phone so dont expect it to be a high performer. This phone is for those who doesn't wish to spend above 15K on phones and still serves all their basic needs 
Pros
Good Ram (2GB) and Internal Memmory (16GB)
Stock Android
Good battery back up came upto 8 Hrs with mobile data and 12 Hrs with Wifi and if you dont use internet I guess it will sustain more than a day
It has good Primary and Secondary Camera (dont expect clarity like the ones you get in iphone or nexus)
Good touch with a Corning Gorilla Glass (5 inch)
No heating Issue (unless you dont play high end games)
No call drop issue
Doesnt hang unless you play some high end games or use high end apps
Supports multitasking  
Cons
Notification LED is not present and Moto Assist doesnt seem to compensate the functionality of a Notification LED
Cheap Charger and Headset
Not Stylish as you see in the picture
The rear cover feels like some cheap plastic
Takes ~60 mins to charge fully on AC and ~120 mins when it is connected to Computer
Non-removable battery 
As I said, its not a premium phone but still serves all your basic purpose..thus these cons could be ignored and worth buying for 13K if you are looking for a branded item. Another option in this range is is Mi4  
PS: I dont prefer Mi4 as I dont trust Chinese brands also I read in reviews that it has heating issues 
 I have bought moto G3 from flipkart a week ago. Display unit is having some problem, It has some weird stripes all over the display. Touch sensitivity is also not good. 
 The phone when used with apps like candy crush etc gets hot. From 30degrees ambient temperature, it would go to 42-45 degrees within 10 minutes depending on your ability to hold the phone. The screen and back of the phone both get hot.
Apart from that, the specifications are good but user interface is sometimes not easy to use. Some examples of troubling OS are:
1. In case of multi sim use, you have to take a two step approach to make a call every time, you press the call button and then another window will come up to choose the sim.
2. To switch on and off of data network, there is no shortcut, you have to do a 5 step method, go to home screen, then settings , then sim cards, then choose to off data network, and then press ok.
3. There is no led notification light for message/call alert. You have to switch the screen on to see the notifications. 
The phone takes abnormally high time of 2-3 hours to charge.
The picture quality of 13 MP is so so, it is poor in indoor evening pics with flash. 
 i hd my Moto G2, i sold it to get 2gb ram nd Bigger battery, this i got in G3
but
In G3, both cameras front nd back are worst, pictures quality is bursting on little zoom
On comparision with G2, G3 wid 13MP nd 5MP front are far less in qualities. 
Remaining is awesome in dis phone, but is d essence of a phone which is lacking 
 Newly launched Moto g3 configuration is good. but moto g3 having problem with back panel. Back cant mount or fix with handset and 1 mm or more gap between camera and back panel. i have checked multiple handsets. i think this is design problem or manufatuting problem. 
 I have got phone but no ambient sensor work. Also it has to be display light and guest user option but the options are not available in phone. So, please give an update with OS version or change in os version so i can use the this all good features with my new gadget. 
Also as for the review with less features i will rank 2 out of 5. 
 I was very much depressed with my latest experience on Flipkart. I have faced problem while placing the order onward's since I used e-Gift Voucher along with my credit card. After getting my order confirmation and order ID I have contacted the Flipkart costumer care and they told me that your order has been cancelled due to some issues, also they confirmed me that your money will be refunded in 3-4 working days. Later I called them after 2-3 hours and they told me that the order was placed successfully itself and you will be getting your item. I don't know all of a sudden what happened from Flipkart side to confirm my order and I asked them to escalate on the executive who misled me initially with the wrong updates like order got cancelled. Still now I haven't got any updates from Flipkart on the same.  
Now coming to the prompt delivery which is actually Flipkart know for. I have placed the order on 3rd Aug 2015 morning around 10 AM with standard delivery option. I was looking for my product from 6th Aug 2015 onward's which Flipkart normally used to deliver the items on my location even though the projected delivery was on 10th Aug 2015 which i meant on or before the given date. I have reached to the customer care since i noticed that the item was not processed till that time and they confirmed me that i will be getting the item on 7th Aug. But the order was on the same status by 9th Aug and they started processed on 9th Aug only. It's not at all acceptable from Flipkart to deliver the item after 8 days that too in the center of the city.  
Now a days Flipkart is biasing the users who is opting standard delivery and promoting their Same Day Delivery along Flipkart First Subscription facilities. It's not feasible for Flipkart to dip on their prompt delivery standers which actually helped them to gain more satisfied regular users. It's not all a good idea to give struggle to their users who is opting the stranded delivery option that too just attract / force more users to chose their Same Day Delivery along Flipkart First Subscription facilities. I strongly believes that Flipkart will definitely keep an eye on this area to retain their reliability towards the regular users. 
The product is good for this budget except its 13 MP Primary Camera.  
 Superb phone!
Smooth operations, nice GUI, specially what makes it best is water resistant and best look(no phone in this range can beat this look). 
Thanks Moto! 
 1.RAM is too fast no hanging 
2.camera clarity good in day time not in night time 
3.little bit heating issue when using camera Wifi GPS Game 
4.battery backup is good (not applicable for heavy user)
5.there is no shot cut for internet connection 
6.both the SIM are nor dual SIM
7.headphone sound quality bad 
Any way this is the first phone to satisfy all my needs, good experience with this moto g3   
 .Simply great ... 
Pros: 
1. Trusted: can be trusted not like... micr*m*x and cheap manufacturers
2. 4G+Solid build quality and good looking
3. Pure and fast android experience
 -no lags at all
4.Very Impressive battery back up(which was not expected)
5.Touch is butter-smooth and screen is also good and sharp
6. No heating issues at all
7. Hand actions for launching flash light, camera and glance screen 
8. water resistant(as Motorola says) 
Cons:
1. 5mp front camera is impressive but 13mp camera is average camera(6/10)
 ---if u want better camra features;
 u dont have any other option than LUMIA phones in this range
2.cheap headsets included in the box
3. battery charges slowly....full at 2.5hrs 
Bottomline : Value for money phone; Go for it blindly  
 first i greet Thank u to Flipkart for selling a super product & send it fast.
my brthr already used MOTO G2. really we are very satisfied with Moto Mobiles & waiting for next generation mobiles Moto G3.
Moto G3 is very stylish look for all type of manners.
* super quality product,
& very advance features in 13k range.
* super camera performens with 13mp & 5mp, quick capture.
* IPX7 Water Resistance
* 2470 mAh Long Lasting Battery
* Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 (MSM8916) Processor with 1.4 GHz Quad Core CPU, *Adreno 306 with 400 MHz GPU 
* 4G LTE
* 5 inch, 720p HD (1280 x 720), Corning Gorilla Glass 3
* Android v5.1.1 (Lollipop) OS
* Dual Sim (GSM + LTE)
* Expandable Storage Capacity of 32 GB
MOTO G3 is must buying mobile of ALL TYPE OF CLASS & MASS RANGE GEN. 
But Moto G3 Flip cover is very high priced. dear FLIPKART pls Reduce Moto g3 Flip cover cost. 
 After using this phone for the last 4 days I found the following
PROS:
1) EXCELLENT RESPONSE OF THE TOUCH SCHEEN
2) ALMOST NEVER HANGS
3) GOOD BUILD QUALITY
4) GOOD SPEAKERS
5) GOOD CAMERA
6)  
CONS:
1) PHONE HEATS A LOT EVEN WITH LITTLE USAGE. this is the worst thing about the phone
2) GORILLA GLASS DEVELOPED FEW SCREEN. Normally unseen with the nacked eye.
3) NO SHORT CUT FOR THE DATA CONNECTION IN THE DROP DOWN MENU
4) WE HAVE TO USE *#*#4636#*#* IF ONE WANTS ONLY 3G OR LTE SIGNAL.
it cannot be seen in the cellular network option.
5) BATTERY BACKUO NOT GOOD FOR HEAVY USERS
6) ONLY 720P SCREEN RESOLUTION others PROVIDING 1080P AT THE SPRICEICE RANGE 
GOOD PHONE BUT WITH LOTS OF HEATING 
 ?? ???? Moto G (3rd Gen) ??????? ??? 
???? ???? ?????? ??????? ?????? ?? ??? Flipkart ?? ??????? 
?? ?? ??? ??? ???? ??? ?? ?????---
1. ?????? ???= Very Primium 
2. ??????? ?????????? =4G LTE
3. ?????? ?????=13MP
4. ???= 2GB
5. ????? ????? ?????= 2470 mAh 
6. ????????= Quad Core
???? ????? ?? ???????? ?? ???? ?? ??????? ?? BUT ???? ?????? ???????? ??? ?? ??? ??? ???? ???? ???? ??? 
 Plus
1.Camera Good
2.Touch is easy to access 
Minus
1.If u enable 3G only it automatically switches to 2G mode
2.Battery drains faster 
3.Gets struck up sometimes 
 Having used Moto E extensively I was assured of that Moto G 3 Gen will use its hardware to its optimal performance. Yes it is not the top line of the hardware however it works better than the rest and having high bench mark doesnt necessarily mean it is best as Operating system could ruin the whole experience like xiomi or Lenovo UI, why they bother so much to be like IOS it I wanted one I would have bought IPhone :/ 
Other options I Considered 
1. Lava Pixel One  No 4G, No 64 bit SOC too underperforming to be called affordable Nexus
2. Lenovo K3  Never Updates the firmware after phone is released, has many Blot ware
3. Xiomi 4i  MIUI consumes 70 % of RAM all time, has many Blotware 
4. Micromax Yureka- It was near perfect however Micromax brand defer me from buying this
Only if Motorola continues to update this device OS for next 2 years its will worth buy. 
Cutting a star for its high Price this could have been placed at 10 k and it would have pulled carpet from all competition. Go for it if you can spend extra couple for thousands for better experience.
This is truly affordable Nexus it should have been released under Android One. Hope you find this review helpful. :) 
 Nice phone with nice specs
1.Music is stunning
2.Controls are great
3.screen is good 
Just experience once. You will love it 
 the Gorilla glass is not good it causes to scratch, and my black back shell becomes a dark green colour. the performance is very good to had no lag 
 Regarding Handset its marvelous & features also good , but coming to the accessories am not satisfy becoz , in that case few accessories are required for the Handset which is most important for us i,e 1) Screen Gourd 2) Headset is not good its very ordinary which in compare to other normal handset its a 3rd generation mobile so we expect lots of modify accessories with handset but its not provided with handset. 
Please upgrade to better accessories , as we are going to pay a huge amount against phone.  
 1st of all Thank you Flipkart for quick and safe delivery. 
On 1st Jan I bought Moto G2 and on 29th July I bought Moto G3. 
Believe me guys Moto G3 stand no way near to Moto G2 in terms of display (5 Stars for Moto G2 which has gone down to 9999 and a complete value for money now). 
100% of brightness in Moto G3 and 30% of brightness in Moto G2, still Moto G2 screen is more vibrant. 
Pros of Moto G3:
1. Charger has 2 USB point which is a plus.
2. RAM 2 GB.
3. Water resistance.
4. Camera 13 MP (But not useful, even if you click good pics but when you see on a dull screen you will feel that Moto G2 is much better option).
5. Battery is good, However, it will drain out easily since the display is not so good and you need to keep the brightness at a higher level. 
Cons:
1. Stand no way near to Moto G2.
2. The phone looks used one as the battery shows that phone was used few days back before the purchase.
3. Lower back panel lines which were less prominent that upper back panel (That happens if the phone stays in someone's hand).
4. Build quality is not as impressive as Moto G2. 
If you are planning to by Moto G3 than My personal suggestion would be to Go with Moto G2, get your wife/kids/dad/mom few gifts with the remaining amount. 
Screen is the life of a phone, which is best in Moto G2 rather than Moto G3, Changing/Replacing the display is not a good move from Motorola. 
 After updating to mash mallow battery drains very fast some times for normal use we want to charge twice a day lags and hangs friend camara is not good phone heats up quickly inclding display only one advantage is displsy is fantastic
 JIJINDAS 
 today I got delivery of moto g 3rd generation, after long press of power button more than 1 min mob started, sim1 slot is not working, only sim 2 slot is working, mice of phon is also not good, after 5 min call phone get restarted, now phone is off not starting 
please don't buy this phone............. 
 3 days after using the phone. 
Pros: 
1.Design is good, 
2. It's fast as rocket.
3. Rest all features are just okay 
Cons: 
1. If the battery is 100% full, can run for 8-10 hours only with simple using like little bit browsing, photo clicks. 
2. Camera does not have auto focus. camera sucks in night specially.
3. Data on-off option is not accessibly easily. It takes 4 steps to on/off data. 
 Except Camera & water resistance quality other parameters are available in lots of phone available at cheaper rate. 
Nothing we can say as extra ordinary. Not dis-appointed at the same time not that satisfied as well. 
 disappointed with both front and rear camera quality 
no data on/off button 
can't customize notification panel 
give us dome customization power MOTO 
 its not a phone its a hot pan . if i used this phone with wifi the phone will become hot as a frying pan and without using internet we listen music it will become hot . and also it will become hotter while charging .. very poor battery backup alsoooo 
 Hi,
 Received phone before the delivery expected time, Hats off to flipkart for the quick service in Bangalore. Phone is quite OK, But the quality of photo's for both primary / Secondary are too bad. 
(Equivalent to 5 mega pixels Max) 
Not sure, whether this is my own problem / Anyone else is facing the same ? 
 I already using Moto G from 1st Generation. This mobile screen look cool . 
Water Protection at this price is good. Due to water resistant back case fully sealed . 
Mobile getting heat often and battery is not standing upto mark. 
Camera Is Good  
Sepaker comes in front so its so loudy n good.  
Battery Backup is Good it comes for whole day even after using Internet 4G voice call etc..  
Fully Satisfied.. 
 Flipkart service is awesome as always. 
About Moto G 3: 
Pros:
1) Good display
2) Loud
3) Good configuration 
Cons:
1) Gets heated in 5 mins of talk. You can feel it even from a flap cover on screen.
2) Display has some vertical lines, clearly visible in sunlight or other source of light. It it intolerable (I requested a replacement within 1 hour of delivery).
3) No menu/button to make silent this 13K mobile, even a 2000 Rs. mobile also has one. 
I have requested a refund. 
Update:-
Flipkart has initiated for refund to me. I received refund within 5 hours. Thanks to flipkart. 
 I ordered this at 10am morning and got it by 4pm evening. Very fast delivery and no performance issues. Its really nice phone and supports LTE. 
 Requested for 16 GB internal memory but it shows total memory is 12 GB and available is 11 GB. Flipkart is not ready to replace the wrong product and saying consult with manufacturer of mobile. Its waste of time and money to deal with flipkart. Bad service. They should take of it. We don't have time to visit Motorola service center and thats why we order online. 
 This is cheap phone. You get better configuration and build quality phones from others like Micromax, Asus.
Do not opt for it because it is water resistant. This is false claim. 
Motorola says phone is water resistant "If back cover is properly fit". If you visit their service centre and request to check if back cover is proper so that water will not go in. They say it is not guaranteed that water will not go in even if cover is fit. And if water seeps in then it is not covered under warranty.
This is about a phone claimed to be IPX7 rated. Which is brand new right out of box. And service centre confirmed that back cover is fine.
How is that for IPX7 claim? 
Flipkart is selling this product as Flipkart advantage. Where Flipkart is saying it is testing product. And when I raised quality issue they simply said they will refund me the money but this false claim of IPX7 rating will continue.   
 Quality of product is very poor. performance is also very bad. sound quality is very low. 
overall this product is not good. 
 phone is very hite bettery is low power camer is bad so friend very fair so friend s cheek in one times 
 I bought 16 GB phone. But it comes with original Total size with 12 GB only. Phone camera is not up to mark. No file manager, cant access word files, have to install all apps again though i have apps backup in my SD card. 
Headphone is just look like i bought it from Dadar station nd works same like that. Cheap phone with high pricing thats MOTO 3G, 
 I shocked when i see its internal storage
its show 16 gb internal storage while its show 11.92 GB 
 I shocked when i see its internal storage
its show 16 gb internal storage while its show 11.92 GB 
 I PURCHASED MOTO G 3rd GEN.....3 DAYS BACK......BUT I NOTICE THAT FROM THE FIRST DAY (CHARGING) IS WAS TO WORMED....DURING THE CHARGING IS TO WARM TOO???? 
IT IS ALSO MENTIONED THAT IS TOO WARM DURING THE NET OPERATION WHICH YU CAN EASELY FEEL THROUGH TOUCH BY YOUR HAND.....I AM KEEP WATCHING THIS DEMERIT...IF IT IS CONTINUE I AM BOUND TO REPLACE OR RETURN IT 
 Dear Friend's, 
I was not recommended to anyone to buy this product, because product look not good & camera also as compare to sony & samsung Moto G 3rd very Bad, simple android inbuilt App. File manager not available on this phone, also data connection On/Off not available in shortcut, in 4G network not available properly in city area, hence run in 3G same plan, 3G & 2G speed is very slow, 
Flipkart take Prepaid delivery time 10 Days, this is height of Falatugiri...! 
 Its same as moto g only different is back case and ram other or same.
look like good 
camera is not good    
1) Moto G2 has two awesome sensor "Gyro" and "Compass", this is very useful to taking picture. 
2) i saw small issue, Head-Set indicator is not properly sink. 
 1) Dont support USB cable to transfer files to PC.
2) we can not find the files which are downloaded where they are stored.
3) Screen Cast is not working.
4) Waste of money 
 Awsome phone good working loved it.... and from the moment i buy i just loved it 
 i was purchased it from flipkart almost 4 month later its working great its value for money.
user friendly product nice camera but comparatively low battery backup 
 Am using this product from last 5 month
Overall product is good.
Heating issue is there if we use internet continuously.
Otherwise no issue.
battery backup is also good 
 Best mobile at this price.....Can't get anything better than this at this price.......Motorola always satisfy you.....water resistant... good sensors......fast updates 
 Nice product by Moto...
Speed is also good.. easy to understand operations...
Good service by flipkart as usual... 
 leave the alternatives......dont check for pros/cons......just proceed and buy...best mobile in this PRICE TAG...a decent handset to go with 
 this is good seller . my product is very good and have no problem............................................................................................................................................................................... 
 It's really a very good phone within 11000. I bought it after a long search in the Internet. Anyway, the phone has a very good camera at 13 MP and a nice front camera at 5 MP. Battery backup is very good (compared to my previous phone star pro, but its really good), a wonderful 2 GB RAM, very good processor. Call qulity is also good. All over, it's a damn good phone at this price. If you have a tight budget, I would suggest you to buy this phone. It's really good!
I am using it for over a month, and I have no complains against it, though at night the camera is not so good. As I don't click too many pictures, so it does not bother me at all. 
Thanks! 
 I am writing this review after using this product for about 2 months. I will surely recommend this product. When I went through earlier reviews I noticed "Heating Issue" with the product. Even for iPhone 6 Plus there's heating issue. Phone will get heated when we use it for longer time. So you can ignore this. 
Finally, You can go ahead and buy this. 
 Good product in this price band, reliable and durable. 
call quality, performance and build is awesome. 
 Overall software good.Price is attractive. Other hardware of phone good in quality and look-wise.
Only issue with charging takes 4+ hours. Battery heats too much after / during charging. 
 Awesome Phone!! Go for it. Everything is just awesome from Camera to Ram. Just one thing needs to be improved a bit i.e. battery life. 
 awesome!!!!!!!!!! one thing i can suggest if the battery power can be increased.... otherwise everything is fine.... 
 There seems to some glitch on the O/S even after updating it. I have been having issues in losing contacts from it at random. I go to find some important contacts to call but to my surprise I find the contact has gotten deleted automatically. 
Not sure if anyone else experiences this. 
 well priced
2gb ram is helpful
screen is good
light weight
the textured back is nice
battery backup is pretty good depending upon usage
loudspeaker could have been better if they had dual speakers, but its ok 
i had a moto g2, this definately feels like an upgrade, marginal though. but in terms of RAM adn battery backup feels better. 
 Very good. On time delivery ..I am happy with is mobile ......good 
 Interest in Black colour but have kept whilte colour without interest giving using citi 10% just compramise.  
 I have bought the phone under exchange four months back (in Feb'16). Let me tell you, this is the best budget phone around. From design to camera quality to speed to functions, its awesome. The gorilla glass is also good as I am not using any screenguard since my purchase and not a single scratch is there in the screen till now. Moto has an advantage that it gets all the Google updates very soon after releasing (next to Nexus). I have about 35-40 apps download in my phone and those are running effectively and efficiently without letting my phone go slow. A must buy for those who has a budget around 10k. 
 Superb Piece .. The best in this budget...
Stylish.. and Performance wise superb.. Do not even consider buying anything else if you have a budget of around 10k.. Go for it blindly... Thumbs up.. 
 Whatever good i write for this phone will be less, awesome phone in budget. Go for it without any doubt. 
 Glad to buy a Moto phone. Been a fan since Google launched it. Hope Lenovo doesn't screw with us and keep Moto to be as original as possible. 
Really good phone. Sometimes turns on various features automatically. Multi tasking is a charm. 
 The display is of fluid nature...Its great....Plus the camera is of high quality....I really liked it..... 
 I bought this phone couple months back, and I have to say, that this phone has amazed me in every way possible! I got it for Rs.9999, and it is worth every paisa. Here are the pros and cons (very few) that I noticed with the phone. 
Pros:
1. Excellent Gaming performance. Runs heavy games smoothly, mainly due to the 2 GB RAM.
2. Very good RAM management.
3. Simple, clean, easy to use, stock Android UI, which doesn't let you feel like you are using a mid-range mobile phone
4. Excellent Camera Performance! 
5. I also got an update to Android Marshmallow the very day it got delivered, so, free android system updates 
6. No heating issues with normal usage.
7. Superb build quality, and also water proof back cover, which is a texturized plastic. 
Cons:
1. Although it doesn't get warm or hot due to normal usage, playing very heavy games like Asphalt 8, Shadow fight 2, Leo's Fortune for more than an hour gets it heated up a little. Also, if you intend to use Google maps for long hours with cellular data and GPS, it does get hot, after about 4 hours of continuous usage. (Which is totally acceptable..!)
2. It doesn't have a Gyroscope sensor built in it. So we won't be able to watch 360 degree videos on YouTube, nor can we use it in a VR headset.
3. Since it has a stock Android UI, it is not as customizable as other UIs, such as Mi UI.  
So, that's my review on this amazing device. Overall, It is a really good phone, considering the price! I love the stock android experience that this phone gives me. 
 Very Average Product, Battery Not good, Not Properly Tested, Performance like Micromax Phones. 
Hang a Lot. 
Not Value For Money. And Motorola Service is not good. 
 I bought Moto g 3rd on Jan 2016. On its going 5 mnths......supervb performnce
I rate its as
1) Display - 5/5
2) Touch - 5/5
3) looks - 4/5
4) performnce - 5/5
5) Speaker - 5/5
there is no heating problem........WooWWW 
 very Nice product 
delivered within 2 days!! 
worth buying from flipkart 
no problems till now 
thank you flipkart  
 No comments, PERFECT, not a single cons to mention
No Heating issues played for half a day
Good Battery support
Amazing Photos
Crisp and Clear Call Quality 
Magic for just 9999  
 Phone ordered on 25th May'16 and received on 28th May'16 which is as per flipkart delivery date while purchasing (prompt delivery). Phone is very good mobile. 
 Mobile phone heated when wifi is on and is on call. While playing game also slight heat on mobile. Overall Product will be ok 
 Still the best phone out there ....my only issue is the lack of turbo charging and a weak camera . 
 compare with Samsung, it is good mobile with low cost. 
Pros:
 1. Good camera
2. Sound Quality is good 
3. Touch is so soft
4. Gorilla glass and water proof is good 
cons:
Screen size is not 5.5. 
 Before 8 months I bought moto g3 @13k in flipkart. Still now working super, also 1day battery backup. . most an important is it's running under marshmallow 6.1 . Most updated Android OS.... Nampi vankalam 
 I like it, Good screen but low camera quality in night mode and some times it may get worst qualoty pictures................. 
 phone performance is good camera is good over all battery backup is not good if you are playing some games display is good .. main thing is that facing some heating issue that is not good 
 smart application ,configuration and helpful mobile for children,mobile lovers and medium type business people , 
 I have been using this phone from sept 2015 .. and let me tell u honestly its been a great experience ...as previously i was using iphone5 so swittching from iphone to android is really a big thing for me but this moto g3 didnt dissapoint me ....spl the camera quality is awesome and it comes in such a good price ..... Loved it completely....acc. to me - 4.5/5 
 Used Moto G first gen which was a very good phone. I have used it for 2years.
But this phone is best in 10k having lots of features. I have been using since a month. 
No hang no lag. No heating issue. Good camera and best screen features and processor. 
 Just love this phone but access use of net it gets heated up...But a good phone to buy lacks finger print sensor 
 Best phone. Best build quality strong and premium, thanks FLIPKART 
 Remarkably good phone. 
Clear camera (both rear and front).
Sound quality is good.
Been using since Jan 2016, never hanged or gave any bogus performance. 
I would say, if you have a budget of around 10K , buy it !! 
 I am using for last 6 months, got it as fast in Flipkart advantage delivery.
Pros:
The built is at best, toughest, hardiest and solid. No worries if fell down
Water proof no worries if accidental drop or rain.
Did exercise and 10k running with this many times. 
Screen is good, no scratch with out protector. Gorilla Glass..
Performance at its best. 2gb ram. yeaah...
16gb inbuilt memory, go and download 100 aps ;)
Pic quality awesome!!
Camera..too good. Easy to take pics. I mean selfie, off course!!
Sound Quality cool. Speaker is loud.
Cons:
Touch screen is little slow and need prominent touch, no feather still that is ok.
Brightness level at full is not as white as expected. 
All over a awesome phone, just buy and live life happily. your kids can throw it, you can practice tip, throw it over your bf/gf. Jokes apart. ;)
Highly Recommended, still reading review go and buy it !! 
 Good: 
1. Looks is Good
2. Working little fast
3. Camera is good clarity even you can zoom without pixel damaged. 
Bad: 
1. Heating issue on the display - like fire.
2. Battery is too bad - I always kept charger with me wherever i go. 
Comment:  
MOTO team please focus on Battery life and heating issue if it is fixed then it will be the best phone to be used. 
Regards,
Jafar 
 First of all thanks to Flipkart for their prompt delivery. and the phone Moto G3 I have received is simply the best Phone I ever used till now. I have used many branded phone in this price range but they all have some flaws. But Moto G3 is very smooth, without lagging / hanging issue with 12-14 apps running simultaneously, much better free ram in idle condition ( i getting almost 1.1-1.23 GB free) Very good front and main Camera performance in normal and low light condition, good sound quality and fidelity. overall I would like to give it full 5 star rating in this price segment. 
 This is good mobile phone in this range. If you are looking for gaming phone then this is right choice. :) 
 Four & Half Star for Moto G 3rd Gen. Only negative point about this model is Heat. Other wise every thing is gr8. 
 1. Getting hanged
2. After upgrading OS SD card not detecting.
3. unable to find some contacts. though the contacts are saved in my sim card. 
 I have bought Moto G3 mobile on 7/3/16, within 3 months this mobile got trouble. It is over heating while using net on Wi-Fi and switching off freequently. Worst product. Dont buy Moto G3 
 I am very disappointed from Flipkart because the Moto G 3 phone S battery very bad at all at morning and at night it become full so I love this phone but the battery is very poor so can you please give me some ideas to save this battery or to replace the battery please 
 very nice phone. Camera is of very good quality. And themain advantage is that it is 
waterproof. 
 I received my product by 24 may 16 , the product is up to the mark as mentioned on site. value of money 
 Im happy with the ontime delivery
I got best piece, worthfull for the price i paid. 
 I have been using this phone one month. 
Picture quality is superb. 
This phone's look is very very good in all better company phones. 
Net speed is very high in 3g. I have not use in 4g til now because 4g not available in chapra. 
No Hanging Problem. 
Camera is far better than anyone phones in 10k range. Battery is very good, if battery drain apps to closed. 
Overall I am fully satisfied to this phone. 
 all thing is ok, specially the battery performance is quite good.... no heating problems, marshmellow upgraded to android 6.0.1 is quite good.... 4.19 gb of system storage, 11.81 GB of user storage available out of 16 gb.
Ram is 885 mb free after 1st boot....
camera is better than lenovo phones.
only disappointing point is the speaker sound is too low as it a single firing speaker, but overall a nice product at rs 10000(pricing should have been around 8500/- as much high specs phones are available like le eco, redmi note 3, lenovo k3 note at same prices around) 
 Nice but less battary back up and process will be slow... This is good phone and bagut phone 
 Internally phone is strong but external design is worst.
Black colour is good. 
Software 5
Design 2 
 i dont play game...so battery heating or battery backup ...those problems r not applicable to...other then that ...just go ahead...best part is torch/camera sensor...display is magnificent (i must say).. 
 Have been using this device from last 6 months...no complaints, no problems at all...satisfied to the core...Best Flipkart delivery...(y) 
 Fully satisfied using this product.I am using this phone form 4 months .
very good performance laz free,battery backup is good,camera is not that good its medium quality. 
who want a phone with good performance,hang free but camera does not matter they can buy this product. 
 I ordered Lenovo and Asus phone from flipkart. But Moto G 3rd Gen phone is so good.
Good speed of RAM and enough internal memory 16 GB. and camera is so good. water proof phone.
but battery backup is everage not good and not bad. but phone is so nice I m happy with this product. 
 Good product at exclusive 1000 rs cashback on citibank is worth to buy. Thanks Flipkart for nice offer. The mobile itself is a good option to buy, The latest technology comes with the great price is a perfect combination. I would recommend others to buy out with such an exciting offer. 
 Good phone from moto under 10K. Camera (both front & back) are really good and you can capture nice photos. Sound quality and battery backup is also good. 
 very nice Interface with real google Experience, Speed is Good, I Installed 35 apps without any hang, Looking Good, Display Good, overall size of the phone is very comfortable, Camera clarity is awesome in both Front and Rear cameras 
 very good budget mobile in this range with all features. picture quality is awesome both in primary and secondary camera. multitasking is lag free, battery is a little bit early draining but is not at all bad. there is a heating problem i am facing since last few days. this happens while on charging. Overall a gud mobile in this range other than microsoft , samsung, xiami, LG, lenovo, vivo, micromax etc. rating can be given to it is 4/5 
 Very very poor battery life. Build design is good. Phone becomes slow after updating android. 
 The Phone is awesome. I am very happy to have Moto G (3rd Generation)....................................... 
 I bought this phone two months ago. Its pretty good in music sound. Great clarity of HD screen with 5 inches, best suited for watching movies. It allows a great no of apps from google store. good for rough usage. Until now I dont have any problem with the phone. And its call clarity. IT is having good network and WIFI too.But it says that phone is water resistant only with back cover on. Touch screen is good. Great phone for this price.
I say go for it. Its best phone at 10k budget. 
 It is getting very hot while charging, also while in normal use. i have no installed extra applications, RAM is free, but still over heating. 
 Well..
The specifics are already mentioned and people have already given helpful reviews. So I'll skip these aspects and come straight to some of the cons as the pros have been elaborated quite meticulously.
First, it heats up a lot. With the advent of new technology, it is quite normal for smartphones to heat up nowadays... But I'm taking about over 40 here. And it heats up quite frequently. Try installing a phone cooler app. It works. 
Second, the glass is fragile albeit being Gorilla It's brilliant but it's fragile. 
Third, the ear Jack does not seem to be working with the Moto earphones. But it's fine with others.  
Concluding, I would personally advice you to go for this only if you're a casual user and not a heavy one. 
 I haven't used many phones , this is my first phone , so can't declare it the best phone.
Nothing to boast about the features , it's all well and clear in the description.
The only cons (drawbacks) I have seen are
1. Average speaker 
2. the lock button on the side is quite sensitive. The phone unlocks occasionally if I have some keys as well in the same pocket (of jeans).  
3. GPS is slow detect your location. 
Unique thing about this phone is the finishing at the back. It gives a nice feel and a sense of grip over the phone. 
The success of this phone(Moto G3) can be judged by the amount of attention its successor, MotoG4, is garnering among all the tech reviews on youtube, etc. 
 I m a new user of Motorola. This good enough in quality.Will suggest every one to purchase. special thanks to flipkart for delivery before time. 
 fabulous phone with amazing techs that too now at a much lower cost ....once you start with the phone it will certainly give you the best impression but the unique part is it have standard performance through the period of usage ..... it adapts to the persons utility needs and it is very much useful to multitasking people like me 
 Bought this phone on 24 .5.16. When i used it to access 4G internet , it began to overheat. But things came back to normal as per my experience , Overheating to the extent which i experienced is common in the case of smartphones. So nothing much to worry.
Camera is decent. Low light photography is appreciable . But there is a bit of noise and graininess which can be seen after Zooming into the pictures clicked by the 13 mp as well as 5 MP Rear and Front Cameras respectively . 
Summarizing -
Positives -
1) Smooth performance . ( with 10 Gb of 16 GB of ROM available for use. )
2) Pure Andriod Experience - The Marshmallow Update which i recieved as soon as i completed my first 10 hrs of Usage .Currently it runs on Andriod Lollipop. 
Thanks to the stock Andriod . ! 
3) User Friendly- even a person who has bought a smartphone for the first time can learn to operate this easily. 
4) Decent Internet Experience - Airtel 4G ( Delhi) working Fine .
5) IPX7 Water Resistant  
Negatives - 1) Back cover is a bit smooth. Fair Grip 
 2) Overheating for a particular duration (15 mins on 4G Internet surfing In my case )
Go ahead and Buy this product if your budget is less than Rs.10000 ! :) 
 Awesome phone in this range. I have updated to marshmallow and still I don't face any problem. Superb. Totally satisfy with this phone. 
 using these phone for last 3 months. I am satisfied with its perfomance till date. 
 If you want your phone to be update with the latest release of android go for it. 
Safest phone if there is a child in your home. 
 Product quiet good..
Bt more then 57% used of ram,phone was lag sometimes.. 
 Wonderful product............................................... 
 Great mobile from Motorola. Best budget phone under 12k. Great camera and music. Love the stock android experience 
 Very nice product,.......................................... 
 Good phone considering the price, moto shouldn't release phones back to back as we regret buying the older models that is not so old but has been outdated already 
 Nice one ,the phone is having a great experience of games and I loving it . 
 Good phone. Nice UI, battery backup and camera quality. Loved the motog series 
 Good phone till now
Screen quality is satisfactory
Haven't faced any issues of overheating with normal use just gets warm when used for a long time and having
Camera good satisfactory not like wow liye light quality poor 
Speaker is front facing single speaker
Battery life is ok for a normal user can get along for one day 
 Nice moblie (moto G 3rd generation) for 10k rupees. But mobile weight is high. 
 Phone comes with 2gb ram, so no hanging problem,even large games can play with ease but camera quality is not so good. 
 Good mobile . Flipkart delivery is good. Rear camera quality is Awesome. But front camera is Average. Headphone is not worth. But The mobile is worth under 10k . 
 A reliable phone by Motorola with good RAM and pretty fine camera. 
 Nice product ........,.................................... ...... 
 Excellent performance and value for money. Display is very good 
 This is truly amazing product... moto always gets the latest android version and the working of this product is absolutely great. I tried many phones of different companies. But this one is probably the best in many aspects. A good one worth the price. 
 Very good mobile, every one should have.
Nice camera,very Gud front one also,nice ram, serfing is also Gud ,luks r Gud but not the back one 
 Awesome worth for the money .........and even more excited for getting offers with credit card 
 Nice one..really loved it..smooth working...and fantastic ..woooww..amazing...really go for it..then u ll enjoy 
 Great find loved tf fine. Really amazing features. Just too good   
 Its a awsome mobile and its sensor are excellent and there is no hanging problem 
 Its good and having some better apps it has good battery capcity  
 its quite good.. loved it........ it doesnt hv any heating prblm... the size is also appropriate.... good 
 A good product nice look, strong body, good battery and value for money 
 Over all Good phone performance is good with 2 gb ram look is same as previous one.. 
 Moto G is of the products to look for. The products delivers as per your expectations. 
 right thing in right price. Thanks flipkart :) Nice battery life, no hang till now. 
Better performance also 
 Awesome mobile with no lag and that what stock android is all about.....and awesome camera too. 
 Nice product from motorola, less expensive, compare to other 2gb RAM smartphones , this is best 
 Worth buying it..................................
......:-).. 
 Heating issue.. in summer battery backup is just abt 2 to 3 hrs 
 A very reliable phone...worth the price...speakers are good, the processor is good, camera is good..overall a decent phone 
 good mobile under 10k nice mobile but lagging at some times nice battery poor processor but water and dust proof gaurenteed  
 Very nice, it is feasible for every one, nice camera ,Features are very good 
 Best specs for the price
Water proof is additional quality 
Tough design 
 Mobile is so nice. Am very happy with this....
Product. Only problem is battery....  
Good so far. Just started using it. But internal storage is less than 12 GB. 
Not 16 GB as promised in the order. 
 This phone very much good. I loved this phone. It has an awesome look..................... 
 Quite good...worth the money. The battery lasts for around 12-14 hours in full use 
 Very good product .doesn't lag .good touch screen response. And pure android experience is best feature of tge phone 
 Good mobile. A budget smartphone. The GUI is not so good but serves the purpose. 
 Good product in reasonable price. And fliplart delivery is also Good. 
 awesome product . satisfied completely. high configuratuon with better performance. 
 Nice product. Loved it. Best mobile phone in this price yoo 
 Good phone! Camera clarity is awesome....had some battery issue 
 Very good phone, great feature, good camera front & rear camera is good, 
 Good product as described by theseller contains all the parts  
 Cons: Heating, Typing/touch lag.
Pros: good camera, good call quality 
 It really worth product. . I'm very happy for this phone .. 
 Faster delivery ,easy to purchase,product was genuine, love the delivery speed 
 Nice phone. its camera is good and performance is also good. 
 Faster delivery by flipkart again and nice service by flipkart 
 Good value for money. Handy and agile. Battery backup is fine. 
 Itz an absolutely superb phone in this range....camera quality super....runs smoothly....never gets hanged 
 Gud mobile..sumtyms speaker stops working.it's stop chrgng aftr 66% sumtyms 
 Great phone... using it from 4 months. 
Pros:
Great build quality
Good cam  
 Nice phone with all the required features and with affordable price 
 One best smartphone in its smart price range! Best to buy from slipkart for the timely delivery! Loved it  
 NIce but display is not good no hangging nice updaates..from maotorola.  
 good product & low cost
one problem non removal battery 
 Nice phone I'm happy with this model, nice camera, chop chop facility is nic, battery backup is not bad, 
 Camera is very good quality and over all good some battery problem is here but other wise good 
 It's a very nice phone..
Cool features and easy to use... User friendly 
 Awesome buy at its price. Pros:performance, camera,picture quality, display
Cons:battery could have been better 
 Nice Smartphone, Value for money On time delivery Thanx Flipkart 
 Nice product there was no problem in delivery for me .I like the service of flipkart 
 It's very gud mobile and flipkart service is very R genuine and quick response and amount is also cheap to compare others. 
 Nc features With best price.....I Love this mobile......good to buy 
 Very good build quality. Good phone for under 10000 pricing. 
 Good phone but with a few issues esp. With SD cards, does not work well with all good high speed cards. 
 Its awesome phone. Veryhighspeed and great in response love it  
 Best best and best
I bought 9 moto g 3 gen my whole family use it 
 OK product not so good the material is not sturdy and feels cheap 
 Simple words to say about g3, i realy dont have a any words to say becz its nice phone need camera clarity is toooo goood 
 Awesomest phone ever 
Almost amaging feture
Super camara clarity 
 This is a good product. Battery doesn't last long. But other features are good. 
 Yesterday I got mah first moto..?? it's brilliant... I've ordered one more ??? 
 Nice phone good camera good speed and water proof also in this phone speedy delivery thanks to flipkart  
 Good Phone. Worth to buy with a discounted price on Flipkart. Delivery by ekart-very good. 
 Great build quality, low price, good battery life, good picture quality overall I am impressed 
 Nice phone in this budget. I have purchased this product in 9450 only 
 Nice phone.it works fantastically well.nice front and back cam 
 Completely filled my expectations ?Great Camera, display, speakers. Instantly got upgraded to marshmallow (android 6.0.1). Runs very smoothly. 
 Great and sturdy phone! Has enough space to install lots of apps. Have been using this for almost 7-8 months now and battery life is good 
 Nice product, nice display, good bettery for 3g, love the waterproof feature in the phone, faster ram. 
 It's a great phone.. nice features and looks cool.. but if size will be 5.5 it will be a cool phone.. 
 Superb mobile...just buy this awesome mobile..best one in smartphones 
 Best mobile one cab buy. . Many new features. . I got it only for 9,500. . Extra security options keep your mobile safe. . 
 Amazing phone, worth the price tag and it's a fully loaded feature packed phone. 
 Awesome product, worth to buy it in rs 9999, good discount offered by flipcart 
 Very good product. No Lag with great features. Pure android experiencr. Good support service. Built quality is very good. Camera is upto the mark. A great steal at this price. 
 Awesome mobile......loved it................it's having a value 
 Good for price
Fast delivery 
It came with in one day of yime
??????????? 
 The mobile was wonderful and the function was very good so buy.  
 It is very nice mobile. Front camera clarity is super for selfie's 
 Awesome phone from moto. Using it since last 6 months n didn't find any prob till now..  
 Wow product the mobile is so gud the specifications are awesome 
 Moto g3 is really good. Bought t for 11k and it is really worthy in this rate when compare to other brands. Also I never faced any issues till now. I bought 6 months back. 
 Awesome phone. Delivered on time. Best phone for 11,500/- . working great from last 2 months. 
 Gud ph with gud specs under low budget.. 
Happy to be a Motorola user 
 Got delivery within time line. Camera quality is good.battery is draining out excessively at the time of net surfing. Average battery. Over all good phone.  
 Superb and nice good devices at this price range really liked got for 8800 
 Amazing! 
It is fast processing, camera quality is superb, can play game without any lag. 
 Everything is excellent expect its battery. On 3g network it doesn't work for 6 hours continuously. Please do something for its battery backup. 
 Amazing product we had brought from flipkart ...
& all Google apps work on this phone ..camera is too gr8 
 Nice phone. Definitely worth its price. Design is decent n phone is surprisingly slim. Display is good and the 2GB ram is the highlight feature for this phone. Not to mention the camera quality is amazing for which the phone is priced 
 Good quality product and well affordable in range and most trust able brand as well 
 Nice smartphone. Must buy. You must have to buy this smartphone 
 Good product. Didn't faced much issues and living the usage. Delivery was a bit slow but. 
 Good product worth buying good for the cost you for this device. 
 Works smoothly, no lags always latest updates. Awesome phone  
 Good mobile at affordable price...
camera clarity is good but not worthable for 13 mega pixels  
 Best phone in its category..greatttttt phone..undoubtedly... 
 Nice phone...super smooth..no hanging issues...latest android update. 
 Over all performance is good.I am totally satisfied with the product. 
 Awesome phone! And it is pocket - friendly too!! Gifted to mom 
 I love this phone...probably best phone at this price point..can compete iPhone....  
 Awesome phone, bought it last year while it's release for my brother works so nice. 
 Bought long time back, no problem nice features for present time and good I've 
 It is a great phone at its price point for people who love to have nice camera in their phone.. 
 Nice phone
Superb features i got some problem with it but it resolved very efficiently. Flipkart services are superb  
 Good product from Motorola. Worth the money paid. Camera is awesome..bigger screen.. 
 Super mobile for reasonable price perfect mobile and having nice features 
 nice moto g3...... love it.................................... 
 Good storage.Not hanging as like other mobiles. Great to have this 
 Nice product , but performance is not up to my satisfaction . Better performance is awesome after upgrading to android 6 but battery drains like anything if I use WiFi 
 Good bodget phone..nice working.no hang like Samsung mobiles .worthy and good 
 Very nice phone pleas update the date and time satting thank 
 Best mobile
No heating issues
No hanging like Samsung
Water resistance
Sound from speakers is also loud but earpiece come with mobile are not good
Call quality is also good
But mobile is bulky not slim like other latest ones other than this is best mobile from moto 
 Good phone at good price 
Loced the battery also and light weight   
 Mobile is good. But main problem is battery . fingerprints facility is not there.Sometime it will hang. 
 charging backup was good.media also good.design was also good 
 Amazing experience.... totally loving it...
Go for it.. value for money 
 Very good product,found no issue in the phone,very good camera 
 Moto g3 is just awesome. It overcomes the speed of g2 version. All the features are upto the mark. 
 Have been using it for 6 months and am pretty happy with it. The only problems i see are that at times the phone heats up without rhyme or reason. The battery also usually lasts for at max 24 hours. But camera quality, voice clarity and all other features are satisfactory.  
 Good budget phone under 10k...camera quality is superb!!.... 
 Gud mobile, nice to use it, it was really awesome, and gud user friendly mobile 
 This is my first Android phone of big screen brought by me .this product very much like by me as it is very easy to operate..  
Nice phone .awesome camera quality. Very fast phone makes my task easy. 
 Good excellent handset... no lagging... worthy money... Preferred 
 Fast shipping & excellent product. The best in this Motorola is we can update the OS in any time if update is there. And battery backup is good 
 I bought Moto g3 it's more than a month and I really liked it. Apart from heating issues everything else is good. 
 The product I got was in perfect condition.. It's been six months now and I haven't encountered any problems.. Best phones in mid range.. 
 Best phone under 10000 water proof best camera nice looking solid phone love moto 
 Good sd card. Have good rgoodead and write speeds. Overall good sd card  
 Awesome mobile at it best for small budget great to have this in my pocket 
 Excellent phone, have been using for couple of months now, overall stable performance 
 Gud phone in this range 
Very good front cam in this range... 
 Value for money...good feature.. good packing by flipkart... on time delivery  
 Amazing mobile in this price range!! 2GB ram and excellent battery life.. 
 Works great. Gets little heat. Camera is good. Display is also good. 
 Satisfied with the product. Worth the money. Camera clarity should have been better  
 it"s a best phone in this low range. i loved very much to this phone camera qualityu is good. interbal storage is also good. body looks nice. 
 Nice phone ...under 12k
Good camera but low voices 
Still going good from 6 month
Must try it once 
 Nice phone. Have had a great experience so far. Though I dont trust Motorola, yet this has been a smart buy. 
 Camera quality is too good and display is vibrant.
It can be a bit slim and less weight 
 I am using this mobile from last month but I did not any problem yes 
 As usual stock android proves to be the best..top notch performance..great camera...but no gyroscope so no vr.. 
 It's nice.deal breaker.it is a best mobile at its time.build is very good. 
 Good product.. Service was good.. The phone is also running a way very good.. I got some prob in the phone's sim slot that was a manufacturing fault and flipkart handled it with a great care 
 I am always a big fan of Moto because it's reliability. I love this phone because of its performance, never breaks down even after installing too many apps. The only problem I observed is the clarity of the photos, not a very good camera. 
 Best in class, quality and durability are unmatchable plus top brand 
 Good specifications but has network related issues and heating issues. 
 Moto G 3Rd gen is very competitive for another products .it's having good battery backup.it's having good camera clarity. It's worth for money 
 Excellent features good battery back and front camera both are very good 
 Best mobile
Latest os
Flexible in use
Fast speed
Best camera 
 This phone is awesome and having good features
And it's UI is so friendly and good .I love this to use it.It is very user friendly and so good .
 budget phone. better then previous version. battery backup, camera, music, latest version of android... everything you need in a budget phone. 
 Awesome mobile at so cheap price... Flipkart service as always great 
 Aesthetically looks good.
Camera gives perfect shot.
Simple looking.
Just go for it no any defects noticed. 
 Excellent phone for this price
Will get android updates regularly  
 Very good build wuality and user interface. Proper sound and camera fyntuonal 
 Good phone..I loved the phone except for heating issues..the battery is good 
 Nice fully featured phone with android 6.0 update. Good sound quality and camera. 
 Really a good mobile. Great battery backup and camera quality 
 A good phone with good specification and a brand name like motorola 
 Awesome mobile best phone then Samsung Nokia best phone for gaming 
 Nice mobile...user friendly and the camera quality is too good...finally I loved it... 
 The packing was good... it's an awesome phone... liked it...   
 Excellent mobile. great camera. Water proof.true Android but little overpriced.. what else ~ 
 Absolutely worth.. every rupee... Good battery back up.... Screen size good 
 Bst Mobile in this range, nice camera and good battery life. 
 moto g3 
i liked it so much... having a good clarity of camera... good battery backup... 
 I am using from 1 month. There is no issue at all. I love this mobile . It's just Wow. 
 Awesome phone till date.. It's is almost 3 Month. Some time little bit hitting.. But I am not sure since I have not update new of. 
 Nice phone .awesome camera quality. Very fast phone makes my task easy 
 Worth a buy at 10k. Good build quality, great camera, nice looks. 
 The best camera phone I be evr seen in the 10k -13k range . The Moto g 4 is also a best phone when compared to moto g3 
 Very good smart phone good budget phone. better then previous version. battery backup, camera, music, latest version of android... everything you need in a budget phone. 
 Recommended to Buy. Runs smooth. Fine Battery Back-up. Good Camera Quality. Worth the Price 
 Awesome phone. Best under a budget of 15k. Reliable and smooth. Best budget phone in the market 
 Excellent phone! I loved it... 
I've been using it for about two months now and it's absolutely beautiful 
 Moto G 3rd is a good buy at this price range. Good quality camera and good build body. I would recommend this at this price range. Its a good buy. 
 Super mobile .photo clarity is superb .also water resistant overall super 
 Product was good and as per my expectations and camera Is good 
 Very very good product. I love it. Thanks to fflifkart and thanks to moto G 
 Good enough specs, better camera and battery lasting a whole day. The gorilla glass protection is weak and the glass shatters on falling even from low heights. User experience on the stock Android is pretty good. 
 Nice mobile.Excellent Look.Good performance. Battery lasts for 6 hours. 
 Value for money............................................. 
 Nice the products is working excellent and i find it to be one of the best in class 
 The phone is sleek and stylish.. Moto is always known for its look. 
 Awesome phone...good looks, powerful battery and durable one.. 
 Nice phone overall,it has all the features for everyday uses 
 Nice product it have lots of features but it start giving me problems .BUT
It hangs .it restart automatically. After 2 month it switched off .Not worth of price  
 Good mobile but poor camera. Resolution is not good for a 13mp cam. 
 Great phone ..superb perfomance.No lag.Good camera quality both front and rear. 
 Good product in this price. Pure android code makes it faster and plastic body supports for light weight & easy handling 
 Best phone at best price 
No other words to say 
Just buy it 
 Very good phone with good battery life. It goes for more than a day...processor is also fast. No lagging!! 