
 Oppo Neo 7 phone is very good. All features are very good. But its available in market @ 9500/-. with 2 years warranty. 
 Good phone
Nice Design. Front camera is good.
End apps options.
Display is not Full HD.
Processor is not snapdragon, not Octacore.
but for this price range good.
Oppo is coming up 
 Dear Friends,
 the last one week before I have purchased the OPPO NEO 7 from one local shop its price was Rs 10500/-.I got two screen guards, one selfy stick .2year warranty,lather pouch and head set connector etc..as gift of the company . 
Its performance is superb........ 
Look is amazing.......  
 this was my 3rd smartphone .......
and i was surprise with camera quality.. nice ph with this Price. 
U cant move your app from phone storage to sd card, otherwise mobile is very good .. good camera quality .. good touch quality ...colour os is superb .....audio quality is very nice ..... 
 best phone in 10000 /-...Good front camera, multi-tasking, easy to use. Very Good. I am giving this review after use of 1 week. 
 Its full satisfaction mobile in the best price.Its motion & gesture is mindblowing but battery backup due to net surfing is little bit low.Touch is nice ..video graphics awesome ...Camera front and back best.online price is little high but in market 9500 with 2year warranty ..and also free gift 2 screengard 1 selfistick 1flipcover.And lastly its awesome and nice its much better than samsung and htc. 
 This is other than phone of China this is OK , Sexy looking and hi battery backup. 
 good battery backup, speed is also good,
excellent features, i suggest this phone is very very good quality in this range,
music clarity nice, 
 U cant move your app from phone storage to sd card, otherwise mobile is very good .. good camera quality .. good touch quality ...colour os is superb .....audio quality is very nice ..... 
 M using this phone since 4 month , n I must say it's really awesome 
It's camera 
It's performance 
It's features 
It's looks 
Really awesome
Never hangs , battery is long lasting , no heat problem 
And most of all 
Looks sexy ......!! 
 Battery backup is not good. 10k range mobile is better then gooniee F103... 
 Quality is good. But it weakness in ram memory size it can better if it will be ram 2GB or more. 
Front camera really good 
 Smooth veryy nicee no heating hanging best of 2016 opponeo7 mobile 
 Though he phone is good. Function of rear camera is not good and smooth. The cost is also high. Customer.   
 I purshased this mobile I got it for 10,000 and one flipcover and 2screen gaurd 
 Nice phone to buy under 10000 rs . Nice camera quality. But this phone is available from 9400 rs in the market. 
 No problem so far, very good design and easy to handle (+)
RAM 1 GB (-)   
 Oppo Neo 7 have amazing Screen off Gestures such as swapping fingers with multiple ways on screen off mode after opening the settings of Gestures & Motion Option. 
 Using this phone for 20 days .
Awsm phn i will recommend for you guys also,very nyc front and back camera,front camera is having a special screen flash feature,it also looks very classy,light weight never hangs or heats up quad core cpu is really fast,oppo is far better brand than the others
Pros-
Awsm camera both
Big 2500 battery lasting for 2 days on normal usage
Design 
Quad core speed 
Cons-
Not yet found 
 best phone in 10000 ranch...Awesome front camera, Nice multi-tasking, No one can beat oppo customization. Best customization ever used. Very Good. I am giving this review after use of 1 week. 
 Good Product at this rate & would recommend strongly to go for the same particularly if you are looking to gift to ladies as it has sharp photo features & compatibility 
 Do not buy.
1. Do not shows any files in relevant app. U have to move manually every time u download...due to color os.
2. Hangs.
Rest...FUN. 
 Is this mobile otg support?
 Is this heating? 
is this mobile service centre in udupi? 
 no battery life,suddenly changed screen ,automatic on camera,heatIng & WASTE OF MONEY..ONCE USE ONLY 6 MONTH &THROW IN ROAD 
 Worst phone ever! Its been only 3 days I bought this phone for rs10000 .When they said its best among 10k I got really happy but after using it I feel like throwing it away.Everything is fine exept the stability.Hanging like hell .For 10k you could have provided atleast 2GB ram.Really dissapointed with this phone. 
 retail market gives 2 years warranty for Oppo Neo 7...but online it is only 1 year warranty..what is true 1 or 2 ? 
 Please do not buy OPPO Phones. about 15 months back, I bouhgt 2 OPPO Phones to my daughters on same day. Now both phones are not working and regularly hanged. When I went to OPPO show room at III Block, Jayanagar, Bangalore, they told me to change the mother board which costs about 3200 bucks. Why should I pay that much, if i add little amount, I get a new smart phone, though it is a basic one. 
PLEASE DONT BUY OPPO PHONES PLEASE, PLEASE PLEASE 
 am order white neo7 mobile but delivered in black colour . fact is which product i choose in site but the delivery time its change thats its very bad site is flipkart 