
 This is one the best phones available in the market ... I purchased it in 8k - Gold Color, box contains earphones, charger, warranty card, user manual and phone, packed in an attractive small box. 
Please never compare these branded high quality products with some low quality local status hampering phones with fake/low quality hardwares, features and specifications 
Samsung J2 has Nice Looks and comes with Neck Turning Gold Color (A Class above feel/ Status symbol) - Mind blowing and stylish. Very slim (8.4 mm) and lightweight phone (136.5 gm)  Easy to carry 
Super AMOLED capacitive Touch Screen, 16M colors - 4.7 inches QHD (64.9% screen-to-body ratio) with Resolution of 540 x 960 pixels (234 ppi pixel density) - Its brighter colour and deeper contrasts gives clear & sharp images  Can play HD videos as of Super Amoled screen 
High End Processor with no lag issue - Quad-core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A7 with Exynos 3475 chipset - Very responsive 
Ram is one GB (only 131 reserved) and rest of the ram can be used for apps and smooth running of phone - Just awesome never felt like its only 1 GB  
GPU is good enough to handle high profile games - Mali-T720 
8 GB Rom (4.35 available for users) internal space with expandable memory of up to 128 GB and applications are also movable to external memory  Reasonably good  
Camera: 5 MP (2592 ? 1944 pixels) Autofocus, Face detection, LED flash / Front 2 MP with gesture sensor in selfie mode / Video Recording: 720p @ 30fps- Playback: 1080p @ 30fps - Good enough camera quality in this price range. 
Bluetooth v4.1 - A2DP & NFC
Wi-Fi: 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct & hotspot 
USB on the go feature: Micro USB v2.0 
FM radio with RDS / recording 
Speaker & sound quality is good for phone in this range with ear grabbing earphones - nice & new type of headphones - 3.5 mm audio ear jack. 
Li-Ion Battery is 2000 mAh - Removable Battery with unbelievable backup of more than full day backup with some wifi / 4g usage and gaming including phone calls. This phone has Ultra Power Saving mode which is an awesome feature for saving and increasing battery life. 
Optional Dual SIM Phone (Micro-SIM, dual stand-by) Sim one is 4g 
Android Lollipop (5.1) - Excellent user friendly interface without any hanging problem and with nice and attractive color themes  Best in class experience  
4g phone with ultra data saving mode - lets you save up to 50% data on your favourite apps - High downloading speed 
Call quality is also very satisfactory - Crystal clear voice  
Higher resale value - Samsung also has good resale value as compare to other local brands in market now days
Durability  Mostly all Samsung phones are durable, worthable and quality products 
All these amazing features in just Rs. 8000/- Very well under the mid budget range so that people can easily grab one and off course Samsung is a brand and better than any other phone manufacturers who just provide lot of specifications/features with low quality hardware which does not long last. 
It also comes with airtel offer of double 4g data on recharge of one month only what else one expects from 8k...  
 very good phone in low prices range very good phone  
 amoled screen 
 4.7 inch screen 
 fast processor 
 ram also good 
 ppi also good 
 camera is good  
 touch is very smooth  
 video supported in full hd video quality is very good , good colour in nice picture and sound qaulity is very good , sound is clear, battery back up also good battery backup is between 2 days battery backup. 
 Head set also very good in low prices phone in very good  
 My dear friend phone me koi kami nahi hai, aap log phone chalate to hai nahi bus us phone me kamiya doodate hai bhai logo chala ke dekho phir bataoo, Nice phone hai ... I lke it samsung Galaxy J2 phone. 
 I bought this phone for my sister. Samsung Brand has its own perfection & quality. Its gets again proved with Galaxy J2. Picture Quality is very sharp... We cant compare the Display quality with any other mobile under Rs.10K... Speed and Battery Back up also good.. 
Looks very Slim & Handy.... 
If u r expecting a great mobile under Rs.10K.. Galaxy J2 is the only option !!! 
Value for Money !!! 
 The hardware and the build stability is good, but the software is pathetic. I bought this on the day of the launch. I hope to get software updates to a better performance. 
There are few hangs in the software. 
 I bought this phone on 24 Sept. 2015. The phone quality is very good. overall it is a very good phone of Samsung in this price. 
The biggest issue is network. the network is very week of this phone  
 if u use network connections then dont go for this phone its very slow. bur sound quality is good.. but software is not smooth it lags....  
 Its a good phone from my experience.  
Pros-
1.Stylish Design.
2.Super clear display.
3.Slim and comfortable to hold.
4.Smooth and responsive touch
5.Bright flash. Although the primary camera is only 5 mp but its clear and able to take good low light photos.
6.Core is fast enough to handle multitasking . 
Cons-
1.Screen Size. 
2.Camera resolution (But photo quality is good).
3.Battery power.  
 Friends,
We don't buy a mobile for 3-4 years these days.So don't expand much money by chasing Brand. Same configuration available under 6500. I am using this phone since last 15 days.Not impressed in any way. Hearing/Call quality is so poor that i am now thinking to sell this Dabba at a loss. 
 VERY GOOD PHONE , PURCHASED IT FROM MARKET. VERY GOOD AND HAVE ALL THE FEATURES OF A SMARTPHONE.
FRONT CAMERA IS ALSO GOOD.
YOU CAN PURCHASE IT IF YOU HAVE LOW BUDGET AROUND 8000/- 
 samsung design a mid range phone for customer 
stile phone overall is good phone no slang haning issues in the device 
but some issues of the network othere wise product is good 
 Its a very good product..i am in love with it..it has everything good.. 
 it is very good and very comfortable table in hand i loved it 
 I bought this phone Rs.8100 from local showroom...
All are Good.....But
I faced too many problems...
1.Signal Problem 
2.Low Ringtone Volume
3.Low Media Volume
4.If i used one hour continually internet battery charging low indicates.  
I preferred don't buy Samsung J2   
 i am using samsung j2.
j2 cell is awesome according to its price. 
i am using j2 from 4 months.
the good thing is there is no hanging issue.
my j2 is working properly. 
primary and secondary camera is good.
1GB RAM is also good.
8GB internal memory  
All games are working in my cell. 
Overall the cell phone is awesome. 
 The Samsung Galaxy J2 is SPRB AMOLED HD SCREEN And no lag on Gaming And Touch very smooth And powered by 1.3GHz quad-core processer ,comes with 1GB of RAM. The phone packs 8GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 128GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Samsung Galaxy J2 packs a 5-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 2-megapixel front shooter for selfies.  
The Samsung Galaxy J2 runs Android 5.1 and is powered by a 2000mAh removable battery.  
The Samsung Galaxy J2 is a dual SIM like Micro-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, FM, 4G (with support for Band 40 used by some LTE networks in India). Sensors on the phone include Proximity sensor, Accelerometer.  
2.(cons) DISADVANTAGE ; 
1. No notification sensor light missing and average poor camera .2. 1 gb ram , 8gb internal memory we so dispoint inthis price rangeFirst the 2000 mAh is a little bit on the lower side as it wont lasts throughout the day for avid gamers.
Next the 5 megapixel camera is not a decent one, sure in day light it is somewhat OK but in low lightning condition the quality is very poor.
The front 2 megapixel camera is pathetic and I bet users would never love to take selfies with that.
The screen resolution does not like other budget smartphones, it has a mere 540960 pixels with 245 ppi (pixels per inch).
The display size is small with 4.5 inches
And finally the Samsung Galaxy J2 is overall its best budget 4g smartphone 
 This phone is very good display. Camera front is average and rear is good.
Overall Phone is good. Sumsang Galaxy j2 is better as Compared to other sumsang in this price. 
 i buyed this phone from local market at 8000
display quality is outstanding
battery backup in great
touch is butter smooth
no heating problem at all
i played asphalt 8 for continious 90 minute but phone does not heats
charging time is very less
every thing is this phone is very good but i faced network issue 
network is drpped in which sim data is used after using continious 1 to 2 hour 
i visited service center for this issue but they said that its my sim problem but i canged lots of sim but network issue is not solved then i again complained it to store which i buyed this phone on the next day of purchasing he gived me a newphonw which is working al right 
 I WAS PURCHASE THIS PHONE ON MARCH 2016 BUT THIS PHONE IS VERY PROBLEMATIC. NETWORK PROBLEM. BATTERY PROBLEM. PICTURE QUALITY IS VERY POOR.SOUND QUALITY ALSO VERY BAD. OVERALL THIS PHONE IS "DABBA" 
 Recently got this product..The service from Flipkart is deteriorating where Trust factor is going down. The reason is when i ordered the product, I just got its accessories but there was no phone in it. I agree it is the sellers who are the intermediary, but for consumer it doesn't matter.. At the end of the day Flipkart should take the responsibility where the product ordered by a buyer should be delivered. 
 what does a network problem means ? it means it dont show signal properly ?
I want to buy this phone but want to clear this doubt before buying. 
 I BOUGHT THIS PHONE FOR MY BROTHER ..........HE LIKED ...............................................................................................
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''.... 
GOOD PHONE IN CHEAP PRICE.......... 