Before starting the review note this thing "If you have bought this handset or if you are a samsung fanboy then you would find my review disturbing to some extent.So please, Only read this if you want Honest and Unbiased review ".Mean no harmSamsung Galaxy Grand prime 4G hasn't created much of the buzz as some others in the same price range.Possibly its because of the low specification it has, compared to some specs crazy Chinese devices.Its true that on papers this handset is not that appealing,but the real life experience is much better.As it is from a well established brand,you don't have to think twice about the quality.First of all,this handset is in tough competition with mi 4i and moto g3 .At the end of the review i would let you guys know which one to choose.REVIEW IN DETAIL------------------------------#Design - Perfect size considering the fact that it has the 5 inch screen.The build quality is awesome despite being all plastic.Its very light and perfect size for single handed use.But its again the usual design that we see in every other samsung phone.(Just some minor tweeking here and there)#Lollipop- It been updated to the newest version of Android and this phone is very responsive! And it should be receiving an OTA (Over the Air) of upcoming lollipop builds.The Touchwiz is a total modified version of stock UI. It handles the OS pretty good.But i am pretty much toward the stock ones.#Camera - This has a 8MP camera and I am not much amazed at the clarity of the pictures that I have taken with phone.At some extent of zooming the images turn out to be pixalated.But still its a great camera but not the best for the price.The video recording capability is surprisingly good and i really like it. The selfie is wide angle one with good quality output.#Display - On paper it has qHD PLS TFT capacitive touchscreen with 960 x 540 pixels resolution.The quality is nice,clear and crisp.Its not a HD screen but you won't find any difference while comparing with HD screen until you look closely,at which the pixels are visible.The sunlight readability is good but wasn't that better than my Lumia 730 nor the Mi 4i.#Gaming:Did perform good while gaming,Tried asphalt 8 and Modern combat 5 and it handled it flawlessly.Not much of frame drops nor Unusual heating.#WiFi/3G /4g(Internet): Connects to any WiFi and the signal strength is excellent.Also the mobile data access speed is very fast.So,no issue even if you have less coverage.Didn't test the 4G part yet :(.#Heating-Gets warm occasionally but not much of heating.Usually occurs while surfing internet and charging.But i guess its because of bad software and hardware calibration.So,waiting for the OTA update. .#Phone call clarity. - No matter what my location using this phone for phone calls the clarity of calls is loud and clear whether on the phone's speaker, headset etc.# BATTERY LIFE: I got excellent battery backup no matter what apps are running in background.The older generation one was also a beast in terms battery life.The onscreen time is above average.So,keeping the screen resolution low ,helped to increase the battery life.# MicorSD expansion upto 64GB -Pretty much needed for heavy smartphone users.I Use this 32GB memory card which works like a charm http://amzn.to/1Iw3U6b (You can find my review there also)#Sadly the official ROM don't support OTG.but XDA developers claimed to get root access and making OTG support.#Bluetooth Speed and Performance - The Bluetooth paired quickly with several devices and copied files at a great speed.#Cover for this phone - Couldn't find a good one yet.Conclusion:----------------So,is it worth a buy over the competition?-If the competition is Xiomi Mi4 or moto g3 then the answer will be NO.But If you don't have extra money to spend or if you can't get both of them then Grand prime would be really classy and i am sure yo wouldn't regret buying this.Samsung has got one of the best after sales service in the world.The customer satisfaction rate is really high.Still i wouldn't be stunned if you buy the other two.This mobile is the latest version of this one here http://amzn.to/1N3334SHERE'S THE DIRECT LINK TO Xiaomi Mi 4iMi 4i (32GB, Grey)http://amzn.to/1NQfgJaMi 4 (White, 16GB)http://amzn.to/1PEWLGfOne last thing---------------------If you like my review and found it helpful then please click on the 'YES' button below.Need your support for keep on reviewing.--------------------------------------It hangs out often while browsing  battery drain soon when we use net it heats if we open more apps....planning to replace.... I bought  it for 12k now nobody  is ready to take for 6k though its under warrantyNice one working good  I have purchased another one.You want a honest review on this phone... Read this please.1) Its slow.. I mean slow... I mean dead slow..2) You cannot hear if the phone rings. There should be pindrop silence. Worst if you have a back or a flip cover... Forget about taking calls.. Its like this phone and reliance connections go hand in hand... One cannot ring loud enough and another cannot get connected well enough.3) The battery drains out fast.If you are into gaming or into constant watching of videos .. this is definitely not for you. Forget what others say.3) On a second thought... If you are faced with the options of buying a Micromax Evoke or Pulse or a Oppo F1... go for it... Dont worry about the brand name....Samsung doesnt live up to its name with such s***e phones.4) I have used a Nokia to a BB to a Iphone to a Samsung to a Micromax... and to be absolutely honest... I have had great pride owning a Iphone and a Micromax... purely because of the value for money (My Mircomax worked like a dog for 2 years... if not for the cracked screen.Thumbs down Samsung. Stop Conning innocent buyers on the pretext of 4G... It reminds me of sony television some 20 yrs back... for every additonal feature pay Rs. 1000/- more... Do you think anyone gives a damn about SONY TV these days??Very awesome ...Lightweight  smart look  first class...cameras is awesomeI find the volume is extremely low and i observed similar views were indicated that the volume is not despite increasing the volume to the maximum.The product is very good if compared to the price.The only draw back is that it does not have a unique design.As all the Samsung phones look the same this is not an exception. I ordered this for my wife but it's too large for females to handle it.i would recommend a smaller phones if ordering for your Wife. Battery life is good and the performance is also satisfactory.Camera quality is average in low light.Rich light brings in the best of the camera.Before starting the review note this thing "If you have bought this handset or if you are a samsung fanboy then you would find my review disturbing to some extent.So please, Only read this if you want Honest and Unbiased review ".Mean no harmSamsung Galaxy Grand prime 4G hasn't created much of the buzz as some others in the same price range.Possibly its because of the low specification it has, compared to some specs crazy Chinese devices.Its true that on papers this handset is not that appealing,but the real life experience is much better.As it is from a well established brand,you don't have to think twice about the quality.First of all,this handset is in tough competition with mi 4i and moto g3 .At the end of the review i would let you guys know which one to choose.REVIEW IN DETAIL------------------------------#Design - Perfect size considering the fact that it has the 5 inch screen.The build quality is awesome despite being all plastic.Its very light and perfect size for single handed use.But its again the usual design that we see in every other samsung phone.(Just some minor tweeking here and there)#Lollipop- It been updated to the newest version of Android and this phone is very responsive! And it should be receiving an OTA (Over the Air) of upcoming lollipop builds.The Touchwiz is a total modified version of stock UI. It handles the OS pretty good.But i am pretty much toward the stock ones.#Camera - This has a 8MP camera and I am not much amazed at the clarity of the pictures that I have taken with phone.At some extent of zooming the images turn out to be pixalated.But still its a great camera but not the best for the price.The video recording capability is surprisingly good and i really like it. The selfie is wide angle one with good quality output.#Display - On paper it has qHD PLS TFT capacitive touchscreen with 960 x 540 pixels resolution.The quality is nice,clear and crisp.Its not a HD screen but you won't find any difference while comparing with HD screen until you look closely,at which the pixels are visible.The sunlight readability is good but wasn't that better than my Lumia 730 nor the Mi 4i.#Gaming:Did perform good while gaming,Tried asphalt 8 and Modern combat 5 and it handled it flawlessly.Not much of frame drops nor Unusual heating.#WiFi/3G /4g(Internet): Connects to any WiFi and the signal strength is excellent.Also the mobile data access speed is very fast.So,no issue even if you have less coverage.Didn't test the 4G part yet :(.#Heating-Gets warm occasionally but not much of heating.Usually occurs while surfing internet and charging.But i guess its because of bad software and hardware calibration.So,waiting for the OTA update. .#Phone call clarity. - No matter what my location using this phone for phone calls the clarity of calls is loud and clear whether on the phone's speaker, headset etc.# BATTERY LIFE: I got excellent battery backup no matter what apps are running in background.The older generation one was also a beast in terms battery life.The onscreen time is above average.So,keeping the screen resolution low ,helped to increase the battery life.# MicorSD expansion upto 64GB -Pretty much needed for heavy smartphone users.I Use this 32GB memory card which works like a charm http://amzn.to/1Iw3U6b (You can find my review there also)#Sadly the official ROM don't support OTG.but XDA developers claimed to get root access and making OTG support.#Bluetooth Speed and Performance - The Bluetooth paired quickly with several devices and copied files at a great speed.#Cover for this phone - Couldn't find a good one yet.Conclusion:----------------So,is it worth a buy over the competition?-If the competition is Xiomi Mi4 or moto g3 then the answer will be NO.But If you don't have extra money to spend or if you can't get both of them then Grand prime would be really classy and i am sure yo wouldn't regret buying this.Samsung has got one of the best after sales service in the world.The customer satisfaction rate is really high.Still i wouldn't be stunned if you buy the other two.This mobile is the latest version of this one here http://amzn.to/1N3334SHERE'S THE DIRECT LINK TO Xiaomi Mi 4iMi 4i (32GB, Grey)http://amzn.to/1NQfgJaMi 4 (White, 16GB)http://amzn.to/1PEWLGfOne last thing---------------------If you like my review and found it helpful then please click on the 'YES' button below.Need your support for keep on reviewing.--------------------------------------Its a very bad android phone. The ram is very less. If u install 2 or 3 networking sites app it will hang whenever u turn on mobile data. if ur mobile data option is on and u get a call, the mobile hangs. it is very annoying. the keyboard is also very annoying. If u install apps regarding any xam preparation like banking exams or psc it will again hang whenever u open them simultaneously.....very dissapointed to purchase..Its good for normal use not many appsHi I brought Samsung galaxy mobile phone Nov 2 date but now the 1st SIM card port  not working and I don't have Bill. How can replacement it pls somebody helpWorst phone. No auto brightness.. Pathetic front and rear camera for its price.. Updates getting failed during installation. Grand 2 is much better than this.Not worth for money apps are like china Mobile dont buy in amazon they are cheating sound is very low comparing to original Samsung Galaxy grand primeExcellentThis phone hangs alot n gets heatedExcellent product. You can buy it.The phone gets warmer while in useThis phn is hanging again n againGood product as per expectationsi want to take one moreSamsung Galaxy Grand Prime 4G SM-G531F (Gold)  bt money problem it was a good phonei really like itSometimes mobile network signal losses,and it is not dual stand by 4g,we can not  use memory card and two SIM cards at a timeGud nd thanks for fast deliverGood Product !Value for money!While calling, some time voice is very low we can't even listen what is caller saying! Please change or solve this problemCOOL AND SMART , STYLISH AND SLIM, THIS IS THE BEST PHONE IN THIS PRICE RANGE  I LV ITthis IS A JOKELOLThis phone is a class , it supports 4G that's great  but is rear camera mp should be 13 atleast ' but its a good phoneFake mobile phoneThere was no phone in the parcel. However after few correspondence i received a refund in the form of voucher.Awsome PhoneBut it is very slow and i have to keep it on restarting for best prerformence.........Don't buy any samsung mobiles.after purchase their services are very poor.request all of you don't buyHappy with the product no complain till date.Best 4G branded smart phone worth its pricegood for the price nothing much to exploreSamsung galaxy j7 yesI'm sorrygood oneGood... for selfiee perfect led screen...I am very pleased with this samsung phoneGood phone .nice  and quck Amazon serviceNot diliverd but still showing diliveredbuy nokia 1100 instead of this phone ;-)Best smartphone at reasonable price. Amazon delivery is bestGreat  product on time delivery .:)Good Mobile, But price is to high..Awesome phone with this small prizeThe phone really worth for the money except for the volume which is very low. Could not able to listen to the musics even in a normal hall. In regard to the price later I found out the same was available in different site 500.00 less.Looking classy. No problem so far.nice phone to buy .... loved it...In this phone having share it app?Nice experince.! I am happy ! ! !Cool .Superbi likeThe picture quality was not goodAwsone phone worth buyEven at 14kGOT THIS MOBILE UNDER IMPRESSION OF SIM-1 4G IS OK AND SIM-2 WILL BE ATLEAST 3G , HOW EVER BIG DISAPPOINTMENT AFTER BUYING , THE SIM-2 IS 2G , TECHNOLOGY THE OUTDATED ONE , PLEASE DONT BUY THIS MOBILE PHONE IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR DUAL SIM DUAL 4G READY.Quite satisfactory performanceVery Good usefull SmartphonesA reply smart phone in budgetOtg supported this phone ???Very nice I'm happy Nice.SuperNice Phone .... Good standard ..Poor Delivery Service from Amazon..But mobile was good from Samsung .I purchased this mobile, Box is sealed and when i open the seal and i saw lot of scratches on mobile phone scratch guard, i replaced that mobile and i got new sealed pack again and i found the same scratch mobile phone, i dont how samsung is making phone scratch guard with scratches,. i am not satisfied with this product.goodGoodGoodniceGoodGoodGood service good itemGood budget smartphoneExcellent productAwesome PhoneMobile is awesome, working fine. Even though there was a hiccup at the time of delivery, packing was good and delivered in less than 3 days. No complaints. My dream of using Samsung mobile just got fulfilled.Decent phoneI like itSuper