
 Tizen is worst operating system ever built.
Hardware is OK but it is the software which does not functions properly.No application works fully as it works in Android. 
I suggest Do not buy this phone.   
Positives: 
- Big display
- Battery is better 
Negatives: 
- Hangs often
- Whatsapp freezes, nothing helps but to uninstall and install
- YouTube freezes at times with no reason
- Camera is not good. A slight motion will result in blur
- Mix Radio - God only knows who uses it on earth when we have 32 GB phones and limited song list. No one wants unlimited play list.
- Daily needs 2-3 reboots
- Too high cost. You will get 1+, Gionee etc.. at the same cost which is Android
- ECO system is very limited.
- Many more 
 I am using this phone for almost 4 months now. It's very good phone. 
PROS:
1. Battery lasts for two days. That's amazing.
2. OS is Tizen. It works smooth and silky.
3. Loved double tap home button to open camera feature.
4. Camera is very good.
5. Display is stunning! 720p sAMOLED. 
CONS:
1. Less apps. This will be a very big problem if you are Android fan. Although some essential apps are covered.
2. Camera takes time to focus with "Automatic flash" on. 
 TIZEN - One of the worst Application I have ever used
Dude Samsung common try to upgrae the Tizen App. 
 this is not good. It has so many problem because it is new OS tizen and also app is not available.
2nd things sometimes(30%) it is not responding and also it is looking like restarted all app of tizen.
3rd things any hd video is not playing via any player. only one player( MX player ) is support to play some lower quality video.
Overall it is so bad phone.  
 I have always had a good experience with Flipkart.
This completely ruined the experience. 
This phone's price is dropping regularly and may be if it reaches a price of 5k it might be worth looking at. Android users might not like the tizen interface. It is simple but it is not lag free. I have proof of the lag issues the phone has and till date flipkart and the seller has not replaced or accepted returns. 
IF IT DOES NOT HANG NOW IT WILL SOON !! 
The device is sleek, good looking, good display but trust me you have pray to god before you buy this 
 This device has Tizen OS, not at all user friendly. Tried to return the device, Flipkart response was also poor. Think 10 times before buying this phone, some of the application is getting crashed frequently. 
 Dear Sir/Madam,
I want to exchange my SAMSUNG Z3 mobile.Which model I saw this in flipcart online ,But after receiving it not look like this.Its look like old.Please return this mobile. 
With Rgds
Bikash Sarkar 
 Very bad handset which samsung ever had. 
. Phone hanging is routine
. Reebot needs daily
. Tizen store is there which had limited applications.
. WHATS APP IS NOT SUPPORTING WELL 
 NEVER THINK OF BUY THIS PHONE . NOT ANY APPS INSTALLED .... ITS NOT OF WORTH Rs 1000.... COMPLETE WASTE OF MONEY .... 
 samsung tizen z3 phone can be supported android application...................................................................................................................................................  
 Dear Buyer, 
I have gifted this phone to my mother with expecting all basis application will be available on Tizen OS like viber, skype, IMO, shareit etc. But company has not provided and when I have called customer care of Samsung. They says you request to company to created their apps at Tizen base. After several request, still I am waiting for such applications. 
Friends do not just put faith on brand name without knowing the performance. In addition to all of this Snapdeal has disabled to put review on website. 
Regards,
Vrushank Patel 