
 First and foremost, it is an awesome phone with just one problem, 16 GB internal memory. If can do with that, just go for it. 
But if it is awesome, why am I giving this 1 star review. 
This has to do with the Flipkart return and refund policy and the "might be" inferior product product supply they offer. 
Purchased this phone in May,got a faulty one, so applied for a replacement piece. The device was then PICKED UP by Flipkart on 30 July, and kept the replacement on hold. Each time I made a phone call, I was given a 24 to 48 hour deadline to "resolve" the issue. 
After 20 days, I receive the news that the replacement has been cancelled and I will receive the refund for my purchase. 
And here is the most interesting part that I was told by the executive:  
Flipkart will initiate a refund after 4-5 days of picking up the product. Quite interestingly, the product they are refering to has ALREADY been picked 20 days ago. (Most probably they have got a time machine)
Nevertheless, when I provide the proof of the pickup ; the reciept of courier pickup and the email from a Flipkart executive confirming their reception of product, I am told that their system is not showing any update in that regard and they have to confirm it from their warehouse which will again take their golden ratio of 24-48 hours.  
Thank you Flipkart for such an awesome service. 
 I purchase a mi4i and the speaker doesnt works. 
However i have been trying to return the product / opt for a replacement but company representatives cancel return requests on one superficial reason or other  
Really Irritated 
 Worst ever 30 days return policy
If any one purchasing this xiaomi mi4i mobile plz read it carefully or contact me(sachin.achara@yahoo.com) because i will help much any time as i cheated by flipkart
First of all fake 30 days return policy 2nd heating will not covered in return or replacrment even the temperature goes over 45 degree if need i will show the result.. Third after open sale xiaomi is replacing sony camera with poor quality samsung camera so beware this 
Flipkart will replace the mobile only when a smart check application result will show defect and this result not show defect result because this is developed by seller side to reject the return.. So this smart check is also fake done by flipkart but we cant see the result.. The result will uploaded with hidden policy this all is done to reject the return or replacrment... And all customer care suggest the same solution to go to xiaomi service centre but xiaomi service centre is not many only one in rajasthan in jaipur so problem remains same after 3000 t0 4000 money spent no solition will found because xiaomi will send it to banglore service centre and customer will have to wait for 1 month.... 
At last mobile aspect
Pros... Best display
...... Best front camera
Light weight
Many sensor and touch is so smoth
Cons... 
Poor heating issue above 45 
Always near to 40
Rear camera average
Poor speaker
High SAR value
No memory card 
...... But at end if you can bear 40 to 45 degree temperature then go for it 
But beware... Flipkart will not replace or return mobile or money even temperature goes above 50.... 
 Mi4i is getting over heated after we use it for 5 - 10 minutes. 
Its really embarrassing with flipkart return policy. They say that if there's any problem with the product within 30 days, they would replace the produc. But when I raised the ticket, flipkart executive asks to install some app to varify. Even after installing that app, the product replacement was rejected . 
Amazon return policy is quite good compared to flipkart. When there's any problem with product they will refund the money. 
Flipkart return policy is very disgusting and annoying, as there's no option to refund money, when product sold was not upto mark.  
 how can the phone be returned ???
its getting heated up very fast.. 
I think flipcart/xiaomi forgot the law (420) :- battery space mentioned on the website and on the actual product delivered are different
website spec of battery is 3120mAh
product delivered with 3030mAh 
After update, still heating issue 
 After doing research on the latest phones , I bought this phone. 
Review of mi 4i after upgrading to 6.5.5 MIUI stable version 
PROS:
Build is perfect for usage as well to place in pocket
Amazing Screen
Good battery life
High speed network connectivity in performance mode(better than iphone6 in my test)
HDR Photos are very good at its price range
Got it for Rs,11,700 in Flipkart during offer days with 24-hour delivery
One hand usage is good. 
CONS:
Slight warm on continuous use of 20 min or more
Volume and Power buttons are sharp at the corners(doesn't feel premium)
Plastic body feels delicate, especially if you have kids
Micro USB connector is not comfortable while plugging in or removing the pin(very tight)
Limited memory
Loud Speaker is not great; OK sound
1 GB is used by MIUI and if you open a couple of apps, the remaining RAM shows 700MB(RAM is not being used optimally) 
Some Observations in my usage 
Ran Antutu BenchMark Tests after OS upgrade:
balanced mode 31k
performance mode 39k 
Used the phone extensively in balanced mode
Full battery got charged in less than 3 hrs with the 2A charger given along with the phone
When using the camera/browsing/gaming for 30 min makes the phone warm (Not heating); Same thing observed in my htc also; felt not a problem 
Basic camera settings doesn't give very good photos; need to do small changes for good photos 
FaceBook app hanged once in my use. 
Network speed is amazingly fast (compared to my htc one X and iphone6) 
Screen looks little dull at 50% brightness compared to other phones at same brightness level 
Ran few games like temple run without any issues 
Loud speaker sound is on the lower side 
Receiver sound during calls also is not on the higher side; It is Ok 
1 GB RAM is always used by MIUI; only 900MB to 1 GB left for the user. 
If you open large number of apps, may be a problem; Tried with 7 to 8 apps, no issues. 
Ran Asphalt8 for 10 min in balanced mode; didn't face any UI lags; but the device became warm beside the camera, checked the temp - it is around 40 (same thing on my htc was 40, but because of the material and build, i dont feel it much on my htc) may be because of the chipset density and octa core in mi 4i,so i am feeling 40 also as light heat on the outside.  
 Within 2 days of buying the Mi4i the loudspeaker stopped functioning. And it's been over 10 days since the issue has been brought to Flipkart's notice to resolve, and after having gone through the technical team's process of determining flaws in the product, the issue is still not resolved. Now, I'm asked to proceed to the Xiaomi service center to take a look (which I had already done as the first step). 
Terrible process for customers to go through, especially after buying the Mi4i with much anticipation. Xiaomi/ Flipkart... you have much work to do in the post-sale customer services!! 
 Before writing, I would like to let every reader know that I had used Micromax Unite 2, Galaxy S3, Redmi 1S, Redmi Note, YU Yureka in the past. I too have an Apple iPhone 6 Gold. So my review is purely based on my experiences. 
1) The phone is pretty slim, small in size & light weight; even smaller than Redmi 1S and same size as Unite 2. Whereas it has a 5" display comparing the other two's 4.7". Top and bottom Bezel of the phone is small making the display looks bigger. It is slightly bigger than iPhone 6. Just a little bit! This feature makes the phone more pocket friendly and fits in hand perfectly. So much light weight that my friends said it will fly off from one's hands! In terms of looks, I will give it 5 stars! 
2) Build Quality; The polycarbonate body of the phone doesn't looks cheap as those of Redmi 1S or Redmi Note. It has mat finish though feels slippery sometimes. It is really prone to finger prints, grease and oil. I love its body! 
But, due to its slim profile, the gyroscopic sensors placed near the secondary mic., does gives odd sound like springs when stightly hit on that area. Sometimes this sound makes the phone's status really cheap. But using a hard case solved the problem. Build quality got 4 stars from my side. 1 star deducted for that sound! 
3) Performance, Heating Issue and Software; Performance is good and somewhat better than Yureka. I played Asphalt 8: Airborne both in balanced and performance mode at normal settings and it played well! No glitches! 
Yeah, the phone heats but from my experience, the highest temp. I found was 49.7C while playing Asphalt 8. Yureka exceeds 65C sometimes! So, 2nd Gen improved pretty well :) And we all know after all its a Snapdragon! Heating is not a big issue for those who had experienced Redmi 1S and Yureka.
Software? MIUI 6 is damn awesome! My 1st experience on MIUI 6, I used the v5 in my earlier phones but this one is really appreciated. Although there were some lags but after the 800 mb update, its better now! And yeah, 5 stars for its performance, software and heating :P 
4) Display, Camera and Battery; Display is fantastic! Better than iPhone 6! I was shocked to see the details on it. I have tested the Sunlight display, trust me, its too perfect! The phone's screen looks pure black matching with the bezel's black colour while screen off. This makes the phone more premium. It is nearly impossible for one to distinguish the display's sides from 1/2m away from the phone. Mi 4i's IPS LCD's colour reproduction is as good as the Samsung's Amoled displays, even better. 
Camera is once again WOW! Everything is better! 1st time I experienced Xiaomi camera when I bought Redmi 1S. It's 1.6MP front camera was far better than most of the Micromax's 5MP, 8MP cam smartphones. The camera of Mi 4i is really a DSLR type. I have clicked lots of photographs with much details and I am happy with it. Yes, iPhone 6 slightly better... just a little bit! But considering the price difference, I can say Xiaomi really worked hard on the Camera and Display of this phone.
Speaker is average. Not below average but average. It is more powerful than Redmi Note. But in crowded fish market, you will not be able to hear ur ringtone so better switch to vibration+ringtone :D
Now remained battery Back-up! Yeah, battery back-up is good but not the best for a 3120 MAh. Yeah! Although it has lots juice but juice drains faster due to MIUI. But yeah, it passes a day in normal usages or balanced mode. In performance mode, not more than 6-8 hrs! Anyways, one can even pass two days with it by reducing the brightness or switching to Marathon mode! I can blindly give 5 stars for its Display, Camera and battery. Also for the speakers because I always uses silent mode or vibration mode! 
5) Network speed, Storage management and Box contains; Its network speed is really fast. I have used both 3G and 2G and I felt Mi 4i's 2G is faster than Yureka's 2G whereas 3G speed is equal for both the devices. I used same network provider for the test. Mi 4i catches tower pretty fast and call clarity is good!
Storage management?You saw it features 16GB emmc. So buy an OTG Pendrive and do save ur photos/videos there once in a week or two! It comes with 10GB free storage and you can make it nearly 12GB by uninstalling some unnecessary google apps. 
Box contains Data cable, 2amp crager which is pretty fast and some literature... A sim ejecting tool is also provided. Box looks good. 
Note:- Just like all the Xiaomi devices, it too doesn't comes with earphones.  
Verdct:- After using the device for two weeks, I would recommend everyone to buy this product! Just blindly go for it. You will not get this type of phone under 15k. I am in love with this Slim, Hot and Sexy smartphone. :P Giving 5 stars cuz this phone worth it! 
 Its got over heated when idle and while calling its getting heat.
Very poor quality and sound quality is also very poor and not able to hear ringer.
There is network issue, webpages is not loading, every time loading error coming.  
Kindly return money. No replacement. ASAP  
 Screen, Build quality, UI and Battery backup was out standing,  
But keep mind it its more important then that it has very heavy heating issue, while plug in to charge it was started to heat like a iron box.  
The most important thing is more that 3 min while in a call, it was started to heat it really irritating u cont able to continue the call. clearly u would able to feel the heating sense. 
While using 2G, 3G internet, Cam for more then 2 min, HD games with in a min u feel it started to heat. 
So i started the process of returning it..! There s lot of mobile under 13k without heating issue.  
what ever the high-end features they had given, the heating issue makes the phone feels like a shit on hand..! 
kindly go for some other mobile don't waste ur valuable money, it s good to see the features and screen but not able to use it for long term . 
 In order to get best performance, installed the over 800 Mb update that was indicated in the settings.
Experience is as follows:
Heats up on simple tasks like ten minutes of chatting on whatsapp or attending a 5 minute call. 
Battery gets gets drained fast. The battery might at max have a 1500 mAh capacity. 
Sound quality of speaker is poor.
My 4 yr old Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc S runs a live wall paper like Juice Pro much more smoothly. In Mi4i, the movements are sluggish and slow.
Compared the performance against my Samsung Galaxy Grand using Quadrant Standard and results showed that the I/O and 2D are better in Samsung. 3D is almost same for both.  
At this price they could have atleast provided earphones.  
So total waste of money as there is only option of replacement and not refund.  
 Hello Guys, 
This is my 7th Xiaomi Mobile buying from my Flipkart account. Just received it today. 4 Star for this mobile and 0 rating for their service center. 
Pros:- 
Full HD resolution.
Full HD video Recording.
The mobile fits perfectly in the hands even its size is 5 inches because of the smaller edges similar to the size of RedMi 2. 
Camera is okay
Back panel is not finger print prone.
It comes with Android Lollipop version.
Bigger battery. 
Remember that this review is only based on the 3 hours of usage of this mobile. 
Cons:- 
A bit lagging in performance.
Sound output is very low from the speakers.
Back Camera is not that great when compared to MI 3.
Only Mobile and Charger provided in the box. 
No Screen Guard/No pouch provided.  
The main con for Xiaomi is the service center guys. My MI 3 mobile screen damaged and when I went to the store they asked me to pay 15K mentioning that they need to replace mother board too. Guys the Mobile itself 14K. I went to some local service center and repaired it for only 3K. The mobile parts are very costly. After sales service is pathetic. They opened many service centers which is good but the people in the service centers are not knowledgeable enough. They know nothing about servicing a mobile.  
So think twice before you buy Xiaomi. Their mobiles are good but not service. So if you buy xiaomi make sure you take care of it, if something happens to your mobile then I suggest you to go for a new mobile instead of their service centers. 
 Awesome phone...no lags..no heating problem...great UI.... 
+ Battery
+ Camera(front n rear)
+ UI
+ SCREEN :}
+ NO LAGS 
- No headphones
- lack of accessories in market 
IMPORTANT POINT:
Update your phone before using it, there is a update of 800mb. IT WILL SOLVE THE HEATING ISSUE ETC..... 
 My piece of mi4i heats up post-charging. 
This was on the first instant of complete charging after pulling-it out from the box and thereafter. 
I had placed for replacement hoping this was one defective product. However, the callback executive's responses made me feel that I should go for a refund.
Her suggestions were to:
1) Check for temperature and if it is below 45degrees, it is normal !
2) If an update of software would be done, it will solve multiple problems and heating could be !
3) etc..
She was going on and on. Am I a tester for mi4i ??
I just asked for the product to be taken-back and tested before a return is given. However, she claimed that this is not covered under such policy until all the above tests are done.
Agitated by her response, I asked for refund. Now she claims that this product doesn't qualify for refund !.
She was not willing to email the link which says that refund is not possible. 
This only makes me feel that the branding on this is just too hyped ! and support is too poor. 
NOTE: This is the behavior/experience of my product. You might always find contrary views. 
 Don't have option to give negative rating.. 
its got Over heated while using. 
very poor quality.... 
not recommend... 
sound quality is also very poor. not able to hear ringer.. 
I requested flipkart to replace/return the set within 24 hours of receiving. They told me to give a call back from so called technical department. However, everytime they called and disconnected the call and postponing the call for next day... 
Issue not resolved till date...Despite of being an regular customer at flipkart, i am disappointed this time too much... 
Will not login back to flipkart in future. 
kindly return money. no replacement 
 1.Awesome device..great build quality,,easy to use single handed,great camera's front and back both.And yes android lollipop does bring change to os with material design effect to apps.Best one is Mi series with dual sim support..loved it,,which is missing in my mi3.
2.and when we start device first time it loads os first time setting up location,accounts,checking updates,syncing contacts,email and other data,dual sim configuration and lots of things at a First time... so give it time to settle down all things normally done .make all accounts sync..make all apps updates,and also it has new os update near about 800 Mb.. Do that update....And then talk about the device..it works perfectly without any issue...Not Any heating Problems....Some idiots write review how it heated.. I bet they not even update their device..So take your time to make your review...
3.Also i have seen every single review on youtube spacially C4ETECH i want to tell them if your so called iPhone with dual core processor and with 1Gb ram become flagship device then open your eyes Mi 4i has 1.7 GHz + 2nd-gen Snapdragon 615 64-bit octa-core with 2 Gb Ram with great display and rest u can search on Google...
4.If you are looking for great phone having budget more than Rs.20000 also buy this phone..It is excellent mobile in every category. 
update after use of near about three weeks of use:
1.It gives 3G or LTE opt only that sim slot on which you are using Internet.
2.Also Xiaomi said it support Battery about 3120 mAh and the packaging box says 3030 mAh Little bit confusing or misleading.
3.Got Update of about 60 MB on 21 May and it become lots more smoother experience.
4.Tempered glass compatible mi4i finding on flipcart is now impossible for me i got two broken which wr covering half front camera.Another was of mi4 having same problem.
5.Back covers of karpine white color is great but i prefer another dark color for avoid becoming dirty. Best luck  
 I had a Mi3 earlier and was very happy with it. I readily switched to the Mi4i, primarily for 4G connectivity.
Its been 2 full days since I have been using this phone and here are my first impressions:
1) Battery Life: Very Poor. The battery get fully drained out in 12-18 Hrs of moderate usage.
2) Performance: I am not into gaming but the phone is sluggish even for the most basic tasks like browsing. The animations etc. lag the touch (Check tab switching for Chrome Browser). 
3) Bluetooth connection to my Moto360 is not stable and the watch keeps dropping connection. I have to switch off and on the bluetooth to reconnect.
4) Internet connectivity on 4G keeps dropping connection and again switch off/on brings the connectivity back.
5) Camera is generally fine but lacks the detail when taking a brightly lit shot. 
And now some positives:
1) Screen is really good.
2) Size and feel of the mobile is good. 
The negatives outweigh the positives by a huge margin and I just wish I had my Mi3 back, this one just doesn't work for me.  
 I think I have made mistake by purchasing Mi 4i 
this is heating up every time when I am using this phone 
 This phone is excellent in terms of style, performance, battery and camera. 
Too weightless and had a mat finished like back panel
Cant say that this device didnt heats up...actually it does..but only when you are charging or using mobile internet.
MIUI is as fluid as iphone..in fact its superior with a lots of features; like "one hand use",themes etc
The only con i had found is that the sound is only average(or below average).
Display and camera are excellent. (both rear and front)
superb call quality
Battery is more than average than other android phones.
All the sensors are working perfectly.
Will update this after a months usage.
_____________________________________________________________ 
Don't hesitate. Its the best you are going to get at this price !
_____________________________________________________________  
 Firstly you cannot find a phone like at this price point which concludes 90% of the review. 
For rest I would say the phone is absolutely made up of good material no cheap feeling except for plastic back cover slim , light though i find it slippery but i just came in from Moto G universe where there is too much of gravity. 
Yes the phone does gets heated up but do update the MIUI update which has arrived and it only happens when you run in performance mode and play games like Nova 3 in Balanced mode i could not find any issues at all as with all device it would heat up even the overly procey iPhone 6 gets heated and I'm sure Xiaomi will fix with a software update so not to worry.There is also hoo laaa made by lot of people thats its heating please its not the way internet is saying. 
Overall i would say very good phone , great battery the dual sim works very well using both sims with no issues , the default music app is also good but not as good as player pro. 
Giving it 5 stars just because its the price at which its being offered. 
 This is my 1st Xiaomi MI4i, i was a user of Samsung Note 3 & iPhone 5s. MI4i and excellent phone, Its flawless in every aspect. Please go for it. Well, 16GB is enough for storing songs 600mp3 and 30mp4 videos. Many people have complain about heating isue.Lets come to me perception , people who r saying its getting heated up during 1st boot& setting up the phone for the 1st time. i guess they haven't use any smart phone either. Its obvious while booting for the 1st time any phone will get heated up. Because all the applications will be running along with WIFI with highest performing speed to update apps UI, screen will be light-up for long time. Charging for 1st time may heat up a bit. leave the phone to get fully charged. use it for a day or 2. Turn off the 4G LTE, always use GSM for better call connectivity and a great battery life. . Turn on for G when it requires. i bet , you are not going to face heating issue . At least i am not facing any heating issue. 
 Execellent and crisp display
Sunlight leigibility works as demonstrated
Excellent battery backup
Updated the software around 810 MB
light warm during browsing (here i want to confirm that all octacores having the warm during browsing, its quite common , i also checked in lenovo a7000 and galaxy s4 has heating, gets warm during browsing)
i also quite confused to get or not but got it and checked warm is there during browsing.
No heating during making calls
Simply superb
Good notification led
Good camera 
Played hd games withiut any lag like asphalt  
Just go for it without any thoughts. Dont confuse by seeing the reviews as its getting heated like heater, i think some are new for this, so rating badly.  
 Great phone , cool features , interface is really nice.. 
BUT 
The heating is so bad that it is unbearable to make a call...It gets really hot close to the camera side and front top side. I don't run any games at all, even then.I have never experienced anything like this in a phone. Can MI fix this through a software update ? The device is really great..but this issue can be deal breaker any day...  
 OD202844757552367300 was autocancelled after reaching my nearest hub. No logical reason available with customer care.
Shall i opt for consumer court? 
 Worst phone. heating like anything. Please call back all the phones and release a bug fixed phone.  
After two days of usage,
1. There is mechanical/hardware integration issue on the panel, you can see the lights penetrating outside from down side of the phone(exactly down side to the Back and Home button). this is damaged product by manufacturing itself. many others reported the same issue in the review
2. After MIUI update, the space is reduced about 2GB. 
3. Out of 2GB RAM, 1.1GB was taken by Android Lollipop itself. 
4. Cant play games, lagging and heating issues are there. 
5. Definitely not worth for money, 
6. The volume and Power buttons are so delicate. you can observe rattling of the keys. 
Kind Attn: MI
Do something, buying a phone is not like buying vegetables in the market, its generally, 1-3 years plan. don't cheat people. you will loose your market in India.  
Hi Flipkart, you can convince people easily to opt this product. but remember, because of these kind of third parties, you are loosing your name. Dont encourage these ODMs for few cents. you may end up your growth exponentially. 
Flipkart didn't do anything for my return request. so please be careful guys. don't burnt your hands by buying this mobile. 
 1.sound quality so bad.
2.U can miss many calls due to poor sound.
3.why they use power amplifier.
4.Fake declaration by flipkart.
4.overall phone is ok 
I perches this phone but due to sound issue i complain to flipkart So the exchange my phone.So i hope for sound improvement. 
 I and my friends got three sets of this mobile on the first sale.
This mobile looks great and its really good. 
But all we are facing overheating issue while calling and playing games or doing any multi tasking work. Temperature goes to 48 C. 
Sometime call disconnected due to heating. 
If you want to buy please wait for resolve this issue then only buy.  
 So many bugs regarding proximity sensor issue, heating issue and sound issuer. The worst thing is they are not taking back this product so easily. They are playing with the customer for return policy. I request you all not to buy this product. The worst product from MI. 
 hi all...
I seriously doubt that this phone has corning OGS glass... 
i bought a new Mi4i few days(40-45 days) back from flipkart...
and now this mi 4i with gorilla glass got cracked by a little thumb pressure
now touch is not working....and service center told me that it cost rs 12000 
phone costing 12999
display costing 12000 
my overall experience and review is very bad..plz dont get trapped.. don't buy.. this cheap, fake, Chinese company product..  
 This Phone has the best camera considering the price....the display is gr8 and batteruy life too...the only roblem is heating...which is bcoz of snapdragon 615 processor but this phone does not heat up in day to day usage but if u are a heavy user the temp. will rise up till 44 degrees.! 
 No games, no web surfing still heating to extent that I can't hold it near my ear. 
I used the phone for 10 mins going through settings of phone and it heat up considerably. All this when I am 'balanced' battery profile, not even "performance". 
Mr Hugo, what's the point of all these specs if you cant hold the phone in your hand or keep in the pocket because one would have to visit doctor for treating burns.  
Many now have reported heating issue. DO SOMETHING XIAOMI. 
**Update**
After a few software updates, the thermal profile of the phone is able to keep the temperature lower and handling has improved. 
 The hardware is faulty, there is a leak in the display. When i'm in a completely dark room, I can see light from the capacitative buttons leaking from the bottom edge of the phone. 
Phone is overheating too much even with light usage. 
Requested for a replacement yesterday, Flipkart hasn't responded yet. 
Edit May 12th: Update - I requested for a replacement and got it, but to my horror, it had the exact same problem. I went to MIUI forums and found at least a dozen other users with this same defect, before Xiaomi made sure the posts(and similar posts) disappeared into oblivion. 
I have returned the phones and demanded money back. I don't think i'll ever buy a xiaomi phone again. 
 Hi, 
Bought this phone in the third flash sale because I was waiting to know the reviews about this phone from the previous customers. So far, this phone has been very impressive and I have no complaints (just a missing external memory card slot, which is not really a big deal). This phone was delivered in a day's time, which was good. 
Following things I've noticed after using my phone; 
HEATING - This phone heats up normally like every other phone, it has no extensive heating issues like every other person has been complaining about in their reviews. If you play heavy games continuously for like 10 minutes or so, the phone heats up a little bit, but that is completely normal. Even while charging or talking on the phone for quite sometime, the phone will heat up, but in a normal way like almost every other phone. I had updated my phone almost immediately after opening the package, so I don't know about the heating issue before the update, but as of now, its completely fine. 
CAMERA - The camera in this phone is freaking brilliant. If you're getting blurred photos from your Mi4i camera, then you're just not focusing it properly because it has a manual focus as well (tap on the screen where you want to focus). None of my photos have come out blur (what I had focused on came out crisp clear). The front camera is also equally good. Sometimes the photos do come out a little (just a little) grainy, but remember, sometimes even digital cameras and dslrs' produce a little grainy photos and that is not the fault of the camera. Grainy photos are produced due to low light. 
RAM - 2gb RAM helps a lot. The phones barely lags and when it does, its for barely a second and that is totally manageable. I've noticed that the phone lags only when I switch from app to app very quickly, like when you open one app by mistake and realize that's not the app you wanted to open and then you click the home button and then quickly click on the other app, that's when the phone lags. That's not even the right way to operate a phone I think, so I'd take the blame for that. There is a shortcut button for task messenger (left bottom, feather touch button) which shows what all apps are running in the background and you have the option to kill those apps instantly. After the first update, the free memory after killings all apps would be around 400mb. I got a third update (one day before writing this review) and after that the free memory goes up to 700mb. No worries about the RAM in this phone and no lag issues. 
INTERNAL MEMORY - Of course, an external memory card slot would have been a major plus point, but quite frankly 16gb memory is enough. You get to use almost 10gb only because the system also uses a lot of memory. If you think you're running low on phone memory, then please check the photos that you've clicked from your phone and the music list. I had low memory issues with my previous phone only because of excessive and unwanted photos and music in my phone. Otherwise, the memory issue should not be there.  
SPEAKER/HEADPHONES - The volume of the sound is actually less, even at full volume. Sound quality is not bad. People have been complaining about poor sound quality and that isn't the case. Sound quality is definitely not great, but it's definitely not bad. Sad thing is, earphones were not provided along with this phone. So pair up your phone with some really good earphones and enjoy the music. 
BATTERY - Though the battery capacity is really good, I don't get a very good backup as I use too many things on the phone and some heavy apps. If you play a lot on this phone (or any other phone also), the battery will die faster. Internet browsing, facebook, whatsapp, games, etc do drain the battery, but there are certain apps which run in the background which also helps in draining the battery. The default security app scans the phone at times without your notice, but I'm not sure if that does too much damage. Otherwise, the battery backup is good. Lasts properly for a day and a half with heavy usage of the phone. 
DESIGN - The phone has a very beautiful and a minimal design, nothing unnecessary on the front or the back. The back panel is a little slippery, but it ain't a problem. The interface of this phone is simply amazing with a lot of customizing options, just love it. 
VOLUME/POWER BUTTON - A little sharp, but you'll get used to it. So far no cuts on my finger and it will not even cut your finger. 
SIM CARD SLOT - The pin to open the sim card slot was not provided with this phone. I had to use a paper clip for this. The slot does not open instantly once you insert the pin in the hole. I had to literally force the pin inside and was scared of damaging it, but it finally came out. Just be careful on this one. 
Verdict - Amazing phone, seriously no complaints. Go for it. If you do have complaints, then you're probably not using it right. Cheers! 
 Hi, 
If i open any applications with in 5 Min it heated to much and Internet related issue.  
Regards,
Ravi 
 1st of all Flipkart guys are awesome as always with packing and deliver 
The feel holding itself pretty good, can use d phone in one hand, no fingerprints on the back
Full HD display , camera quality is superb with low and bright,glaring light...
Mi stock recovery 2.0.1 notification pops up pretty soon, & updates are quick.
Only problem u gotta deal is Heating issue, it did heat up during the setup itself... 
Performance is cool.
Appearance both of the hardware & software is superb,
If u got the bucks, dont waste it on somethin else ..this 1s total value 4 it 
 Over heating device after 4 minutes continue talk, also not support video of resolution 322*240.
for Low resolution video it first play only audio and after audio finish start to play video without audio. 
 Expected a phone thats a cheap close of Mi4 but when I unboxed it the phone really amazed me. The build quality is good, infact it doesn't look cheap! 
UI is a little complicated when u use it first and it runs smoothly. No lags at all till now. 
The phone did get a bit warm it was used for an hour straight but thats not an issue. Kinda disappointed again as there were no Earphones in the package as i expected it to be there with higher end models.
Overall its a good phone. Looks cool! Performs well.. Camera is decent. And the Display is very impressive too. Sunlight Tech adapts to lighting conditions well.
If you are looking to buy this phone. Go for it!! 
 I never thought of making omelettes and half boils on a phone but, Yes, this is MI 4i makes that definitely possible. I didn't even installed any games and when i'm just setting up my mobile for 1st use,the HEAT was unbearable..
 I was a bit shocked and place back MI 4i in its box. Later after 20min, You just don't need to touch the phone but by touching box itself you can notice HEAT...that was too much hot, this is really troublesome and fearful  
I hate Xiomi for releasing such a worst phone for Indians. I think Mi can't fool anyone here in the next release... 
 There is software problem all icon got black. Fast dailing issue..heating problm.battry discharge if we connect charger without power on. Always phone used more then 1.4 GB of ram i have not installet any other apps or running anything but always show 890 or 640 free of 2GB.. ROM usable only 10.80GB of 16GB when i recived the phone. Ring sound is low. Didnot show the miss call on home or lock screen just a small icon in top left notificatin of miss call
Please dont by this phone itsnoy good 
 Please don't buy this product.its like a heating pad.I just started setting up the phone on first boot up the phone got heated up and it is really unbearable to use. 
 I just started setting up the phone on first boot up (location, language, google account etc.,). The phone got heated up and it is really unbearable to use.  
Phone design, camera, MIUI etc., looks great but I cant compromise on heating issue for these features!!! 
 I have used it only for 2-3 hrs and its temp bump to 42 degree.... 
seems like cheaper phones are not worth buying. 
Note - updated MIUI latest patch but still issue persist 
 Issues with the phone. 
1. LED leak at bottom of the screen, under the back-lit buttons.  
2. Phone overheats even with brief usage on 3G/WIFI. 
Have requested for return. Waiting for reply from Flipkart. 
 Not happy with Mi 4i... 
Issues:
1. Phone was heating when I use Mobile Internet, Phone calls and even for Camera usage also... 
2. They mentioned RAM as 2GB but system is taking 1GB for basic services running and if we install any app on mobile, then it is having only 500-600 MB free, hence applications are launching very slowly (Some times unresponsive) 
Planning to return after 1-2 days of usage.. if it still the same, i'll return the mobile.  
 Phone is handy, compact looks good...but has heating problem while multitasking..
It gets heated near camera and sometimes become too hot while playing high HD games & is connected to wifi....:/ 
 Pro's :  
1) Promised display quality 
2) Unique MI UI (user experience). 
3) Form factor 
4) Light weight(I dont know how many would consider that a plus) and fits well in hands. 
Con's:  
1) Speaker is a big drawback. Put google maps and the lady who navigates you can never be heard even if you keep the phone close to your ears. Ask your friend to call you and put it on speaker. There is no way you can ever hear him even in absolute silence let alone some noise. Seriously flawed speakers.  
2) Processor, if it is a quad core and takes longer than a 512 mb old phone (Remember those days when we click on camera icon and wait for the camer or gallery to appear for ever?), to fire up an app, then the manufacturer is either lying to you or its just a way too bad processor.  
3) Camera is not good and goes to prove that just 13MP is just a number. 
4) Heat, heat and just too much heat : If you can keep this Mi 4i next to your ear for more than one minute without feeling the heat (And that tall claim about SAR, that seems B.S), trust me, you got really lucky. Because all the phones I checked are getting hotter than one can imagine. 
5) Touch response is weird. I am touching on the right bottom button at the bottom of the display and it is opening the icon above it. And I checked this 100 times.  
6) Most of your memory is already taken up by the time you receive the phone. Only 500-700 mb left. I fail to understand why I bought a 2GB phone. To see that it is all taken up ?  
7) Phone is dead slow.  
Summary : The last time I bought Moto E, I was so impressed with it that I literally made 30 people buy it.  
I plan on doing the same with Mi 4i. Only this time,I want to discourage as many people as possible from buying it . I plan on spreading the word as much as possible.  
Really, trust me. Its not worth it.   
 Touch---- fine
Processing--- fine
Camera---- not even compete with 8MP of my HTC one x
Heating is an issue
Battery --- seems they just tell 3120 otherwise its backup is like 2000 mAh only 
Built Quality--- Not looks like a brand... cheap Chinese mobile types
Sound quality... very poor
Even Headphone not provided
Flipkart must confirm the quality of the product before they selling new products, i m totally disappointed with this. 
 As usual great service by Flipkart, on time delivery.
 I am using this phone from past 1 day now. I was setting this up with usual stuff like accounts, wifi and sound etc, it started getting heated up. Even 10 mins of subway surfer like games gets this phone to get heated up. Otherwise phone is decent with miui v6, good camera etc.
 I have mi3 which is pretty solid in this area. 
 battery not getting fully charged,charging stops automatically after sometime,i have asked for replacement.....bad experience 
 i received this device today and there is so much heating problem in this. really disappointed from this device. so much lag in this phone. this phone is not comparable to any any flagship fone.  
this is zero is front of mi3 
 its got Over heated when idle , while calling or in use scared might be explode.
burnt like feeling. 
very poor quality.... 
not recommend... 
sound quality is also very poor. not able to hear ringer.. 
kindly return money. no replacement  
 I got this thru Flipkart on 4th May Order ID OD102724820587653400 and raised a return request also. This is one of the below standard phone from Mi.
The biggest problem, While dialing to any number call gets connected or not but the dialer pattern is not visible. I don't know to which number it gets connected. There is no way to disconnect the call as the pattern is invisible. 
 Tried several times as unable to reach MI support.But the same issue. The other biggest issue is heating which I can manage but the display pattern not works may be a fault in the product. The MI4I is below quality I an say compared to other MI 
 don't buy this. overheating issue. buy only if you don't wish to use for calls and just for gaming. otherwise you may damage the ears!! 
 Overheating?: I was initially concerned about the reports of overheating from reviews on FK as well as from some reviewers. After using the phone for a few days I have not experienced any overheating. Like all phones, it gets a bit warm if you use it while charging and also for highly intensive games. But even during gaming, it never got too hot, just slightly warm. This is on Asphalt 8, Subway Surfers and Clash of Clans.  
Design: The device feels extremely great in your hand, even better than the Mi 3 and much nicer than the bigger phablets like Zenfone 2 and Honor 4x. The matte finish make the device feel premium. Every person I have shown my phone to has first commented on how light it feels, but also remarked how solid it is.  
Battery: The battery has been great, easily lasts me a day with some room to spare. 
Display: This is the main reason why I decided to buy the Mi 4i. The display is unparalleled in this price range and even in 20k+ devices. 1080p display just looks beautiful. The Corning OGS glass is same as GG 3 and makes me feel safe with my purchase. Also, I thought Sunlight Display was just a marketing gimmick, but it actually makes it easier to use my phone outdoors. 
Performance: Really love the performance of this phone. There are some minor lags after playing games for 30min+. Once the device cools down again it works as normal. 
Overall: Best phone since Mi 3. Don't believe the overheating reports until you actually use the phone. I was worried after watching a YouTube video showing really bad overheating, but he switched on performance mode. I have not seen any overheating in default mode and am still able to play all the games I want.   
 First of all, This is my 3rd Mi mobile.
Configuration- Good- People say it is average as they compare it with high end mobile, Ofcourse you will get good config if you send more money
Heating problem- Remember, Phone is a phone- it is neither a SLR camera nor XBox. Let expert do its work. there is no substitute for one another.
Would you feel the same confort of the car in BMW bike of the same cost, not for sure the reason is both are meant for a different purpose. same is the case with phone. If you need 3 hour gaming and do not want your phone to heat then go buy XBOX :)
Battery- no complaints- as they claim 40% in one hour- Thats pretty fair.
Mi Ui is awsum
Micromax has long way to catch up with Mi, unless they come up with something innovative. 
all and all- very good mobile under this price band and definitely a good compition to Sony and samsung.  
 The Best in class. Fantastic user interface. Superb speed. Sleek look. Awesome battery back up. Fabulous display clarity. Smooth touch. 
On the whole this is a very good product at affordable price beats all the other market leaders. 
 I had ordered the phone in the first flash sale itself.Then after reading so many negative reviews i cancelled my phone and started hunting for a new phone.My options was SG S4, and iphone 5C and zenfone 2. 
My requirements were- 
5 inch mobile.(Its the best for one hand operation)
Good pixel density screen
Good processor/Good graphics processor
Good camera(Both primary and secondary) 
Set back for the SG S4 was the phone was very slow after the lollipop update and the battery charge was also affected drastically.Max you will get 7-8 hours which is not tolerable.Moreover this flagship model was released in 2013 and got 32 bit processor.I considered this because amazon was giving this phone for 16k. 
Opted out Iphone 5c 8gb because of very less storage space after the ios 8.3 up gradation.You will get only 3.5 gb user space.But there was no report of lags or whatsoever in this phone after updated to latest version.You can consider this one if are ok with limited 3.5gb user space and want to experience the ios.Cosk under 20K. 
Zenfone 2 (2 gig) is the best competitor for Mi4i.Almost the same performance and screen quality but there are some bugs reported which makes phonecalls dropping/voice quality etc(This may be rectified soon with some OTA udpate).The camera is not as good as Mi4i.Intel processor are notorious for the power consumption.It can hardly last a day. 
Everyday i am spending some time to read the reviews of above said phones and i came to know that the major cons of the mi4i heating problem is resolved by an update from Xiaomi,so took a chance and brought it.
Intial impression about this phone was very bad because the phone started to heat up when i kept it for charging and then i made a call to test its voice quality and it was heating like anything and you cannot put it on ears,that much heat.Then i updated the phone (860MB) and phone really cools down.Now i am not experiencing any heat while charging.But there is some amount of heat developing during call which is tolerable. So my advice is to the prospective buyers please update and use the phone. 
 Phone is pretty good !!!! 
No abnormal heating and the heat it generates is normal for a phone of this Kind !!! 
First Xiaomi Product !!! Happy with the performance !!!  
Camera beyond my expectations !!!! Total worth for money !!! 
Only concern is Service centers !!!! Hope ill not get any issues atleast for an year until I get another one !!!! 
 Phone gets heated usually at the top of screen as well as on the back side. 
I read few reviews quoting about phone getting heated.  
Even after updating the phone (which took around 1 hour_internet speed dependent), the heating problem persists. 
Though the phone is packed with great features & ergonomic design, but this problem can't be overlooked. 
Would like to request all future buyers not to buy Mi 4i, until this problem gets officially addressed by Xiomi. 
 I got the phone today though it is good to look there is problem of overheating when the phone is getting charged or updated.Really disappointed on seeing this just after opening box and charging the phone.Hope they fix this issue.Regret buying this phone. 
 I HAVE BUY 3 CELL (S1 , S2 & NOW 4IMI)
BUT I AM NOT HAPPY WITH THIS CELL THIS IS GETTING VERY HOT AFTER KEEPING IN BOX (IT WAS ON ) ITS BECOME VERY HOT IN 30 MINIUTS 
(I HAVE PAID RS 13000)FOR THIS HEATER ???????????? 
 It's just awesome...
they said it's a "FLAGSHIP" mobile...it's definitely true.
only con i prefer to say is heating issue. when a game app runs is background..mob is started to heat...other than that...this mobile is fantastic and lovely...
pros:
>superb selfie cam(5mp) and 13mp jst awe me...
>outer look 
>MIUI simply great
>all the ETC...they said in specification... 
 looking very beautify and also looks very slim
camera is good
video recording is also good
screen resolution is very good
MiUI 6 is so good
mobile performance is also good
but little bit heating issue.... 
 Believe it or not, this phone saved my marriage! I forgot to refill the gas cylinder and my wife was so mad at me that she wanted to leave me right then. But then I played Candy Crush on this phone for 10 minutes and this phone became so hot that I cooked us a sumptuous meal on it. Thanks Mi 4i! 
 I have been using this product for 2 days and its the review based of the 2 days of usage 
1.Its heats up like anything even for normal Browser usage 
2.battery backup is about 1 day 4 hours with Single Sim (2G) and wifi on continuously on single charge,with minimal usage i.e 1 hour youtube,minimal calls and other Social Networking etc. 
3.The call clarity is awesome, the sound is clear and crisp,but after making calls for 22 minutes continuously,I felt unusual heating near the earphone thats very irritating. 
4.There is bit of Lag in the UI,can't be sensed so easily ( I felt lag while toggling from one app to other) hope Mi would come with an OTA for this 
5.At the first Boot I got a Ram of 1Gb from 2GB,but during usage after killing all apps u get something close to 800 mb ram. 
6.At the first Boot the internal Storage of the phone was close to 10.6 Gb after removing unnecessary preinstalled apps the memory came up to 11.45 GB (with NO other apps loaded) since there is no Option for memory card you have to keep a Pendrive with you and transfer your clicked photos via OTG. 
7.the camera is descent takes good photograph,but there is lot of noise in low light conditions,which will literally spoil the pics,so this phone doesn't perform well in Low light 
8.Gaming was just Ok with too much heating,there is something strange in Mi 4i that even the Screen heats up dangerously. 
9.The tall claim of Xiaomi as flagship device for India is'nt apparent after using the Phone 
verdict:
If heating and short memory storage is'nt an issue the phone is the best.hope xiaomi will come with an OTA in order to curb the heating issue.  
 Common a phone supports 4G and cannot fully support 3G?
Strange wrong description, it calls for return.
Phone does not supports 3G Fully, you cannot make direct 3G network video call.
Speaker volume is low.
Audio quality is so so. 
 I was using Windows phone (Lumia 720) for almost one and half years. Entering into Android platform with this awesome machine is truly an amazing experience. One'll get all the features of a flagship phone ( Be it Samsung, HTC or any other so called "branded" phone). Shedding extra bucks for "brand" is absolutely a waste and I was no exception to this brand phobia until my eyes were opened, thanks to my friends and colleagues who gave honest reviews about these line of phones they owned (Honor, MI, Asus among many) 
Coming to the negative reviews that were posted here, I can only say- Please be mindful about the money you are spending for the specs given and also note that playing HD games is unfortunately not the function of a smart phone. You have different set of machines to do that. Please don't spoil the ratings (which can deceive a normal user's perception about this awesome phone)  
 The phone performance is very nice and good camera but there is a heating problem in this phone. 
Quality of the phone is good , its handy and good to use. 
 For the first time i am feeling cheated by Flipkart.
The phone I got has several problems.
First its sound output is very low.
Secondly the phone gets heated very quickly. The battery drains very fast. 
 Here is what you need to know about the phone before you purchase: 
The good:
1. Amazing display with display calibration and color gamut found in Apple Hardware. The sunlight readability works as advertised.
2. Well built with anti-slip matte back and very light weight. Easy to hold and won't drop too often unless you are butter-fingered
3. 'Flagship-grade' rear camera with quick focus, good HDR mode and great details and colors. Decent front cam, gets the job done but don't expect much detail in the picture
4. Good battery life. Lasts a typical work day with about 20% battery left. Obviously depends on usage pattern. For better battery life, keep the phone in balanced performance mode and 40-50% brightness set on Auto
5. Did I say, gorgeous display ;) 
The bad:
1. Performance is middling at best and doesn't deserve a 'flagship' rating. App launches are slow, sometimes won't happen at all. Signs of an unoptimised OS running on decent hardware. Expect a Day 0 software update of 800 mb+ which is a must-have else the phone overheats and performance stays sluggish. There is an update in the works which should fix most of the issues though.
2. Battery life could have been better. A problem possibly because of Lollipop 5.0.2. An update to 5.1 is needed to remove memory leak and battery life problems which should happen soon enough.
3. The balanced mode takes the life out of this phone. Multitasking is a pain, app launches slow down further and you can notice the stutter in animations.
4. Continuous camera usage can overheat the phone to the point that the camera app starts to lag a lot and the focus struggles. You will have to let the phone cool down to go back to smooth performance.
5. Severe CPU throttling when phone heats. Don't know if its the OS or the Snapdragon 615 problem. We will know after the Software update for sure.
6. 16 GB non-expandable storage with about 11GB of user available memory. If you keep a lot of media or love to take pictures, you might wanna wait for the 32/64gb one
7. The OS uses a lot of RAM. 1.5Gb out of 2 is usually taken by MIUI. This is not a deal breaker but definitely a drain on performance and battery life. Lots of other bugs which need a fix.
8. Only white option. If you've got to give only 1 option, make it black. seriously. 
NOTE to Buyers:
If you see a lot of heating in general use or a light bleed below the backlit buttons, ask for a replacement right away. The heating problem is mitigated by the update so do that before you ask for replacement. The light bleed problem is due to poor panel lamination and replacement is the only option. 
 brought this last week.. not that happy with the phone .. claims faster battery charging.. i dont think thats happening next 64 bit octa core processor --- had tough time playing real racing game.. network issues. doesnt let me download .. need to submit it multiple times. only good thing i see is look and light weight. lot more has to be done to bring it on par with others phones. 
 I received Phone on 4th may. Faced Heating issues while setup. 
Also it is mentioned in the specifications that User Memory is 12.77GB, but on my phone it is 9.6GB. I am not clear on this. 
Otherwise phone is worth the price. 
 Dear all, I have handled Mi 4i over two days. Let me explain in detail about the phone. 
Pros:
1. Very sharp display quality without any spike/lag
2. Very slim and sturdy. Extremely light weight.
3. Good camera both rear and front with added editing features
4. Very good touch & light response. MIUI 6 awesome and super-fast.
5. Fast browsing experience
6. Clear audio
7. Faster WiFi & network capturing
8. Multiple key boards including Hindi, Bengali, Telugu and Tamil 
9. Got 4G download speeds upto 1.8 MBPS (Airtel Postpaid- Bangalore). 
Cons:  
1. 10 GB free space for Apps only
2. No gesture control
3. Does not come with added accessories like earphones and scratch guard
4. Battery lasted one day only on Wi-Fi (moderate usage).
5. Low RAM availability (900MB-1GB max even after closing all apps) 
6. Not very sure if it comes with Gorilla Glass (doesn't seem like it though) 
Many people say it has heating issues. Well I tested the phone by playing "Asphalt 8" in full graphics. It does tend to heat up slightly after playing for an hour, but which phone wouldn't? It is certainly not an area of concern. Please update the MIUI version as soon as you receive the phone (800 MB download) and you will not get any heating problems. 
I expected better results from the battery, and wish it was available in 64 GB version. Other than that, even without the earphones and scratch-guard, this is definitely the best buy of this season at this price.  
 Hai.. I bought this mobile for my sister.. This is her first smartphone.. The phone Was delivered in good packin. Talking about the phone, the phone has a good built quality. It is very easy to hold and also u can use one hand option in the settings. Perfect size for girls.. The 1st thing when u notice after booting is the display quality. It is not notch and is right up their with iphones. Vibrant crisp and clear! sharp has done a great job. The response from the phone pretty good and after the update even small lags went.. It is easy to use and u will like it.. Lots of customization options available.. The phone weighs light u don't even feel it. Talking about the camera it is very good indeed. Photos taken under adequate light turned out to be rich in detail. Colours are natural.. It is the best camera at this price I have ever seen so far.. Front camera too. I bought this phone just for two reasons one is camera and other is display quality and siz. I am nother at all disappointed. Talking about the performance it does a great job in handling apps. But I don't know why my FB messenger not opening. It just shows a white screen whenever I opened it. Other apps performed well. My sister is not a gamer like me. I use Sony Xperia Z ultra and it handles games exceptionally well. But I tried small games that my sis might play like subway surfers and temple run. Both played very well in performance mode. I felt slight heating at the top but not a deal breaker Infact u would feel the same amount of in other ddevices. I saw in YouTube that the device crossed 50C while playing FPS games like Nova 3 but anyway my sis is not gonna play while I do everyday. Audio quality is good and get good pair headphones from Sony or other OEM. I like the quick charge and it does work well. Moderate users can get a day eeasily. At times it looks like Iphone which is kinda cool. I bought after lot research and I made a right choice. 1 con people would say is the lack of expandable storage but she has a laptop and also the mobile has OTG support so no problem.. I won't rate it 5 out 5 if I bought this from me because I am gamer and this device can't handle crunch situation but it does a good job for my sis. The game can handle heavy games but the problem is heating U won't see any drop frames while playing Asphalt 8 and Modern combat in performance mode but Nova 3 lags. So there u go a good device for this money. I would recommend this for moderate gamers. But if u r not a heavy gamer then u can register it now.. 
 excellent phone. loving it. screen and camera is brilliant. solid value for money.build quality is good. the phone is very light and easy to manage the screen controls with one hand.ui is friendly and the phone is not cluttered with too many pre loaded apps.the battery life is excellent. 
 Finally i got it.Yeah I Agree MI.Its Great Device.Super slim & Attractive Design.Premiuim look.I liked it a lot.I loved its Matte finish on back.Now i feel White will be awesome than other color varients.(Iam Black lover).Coming to software/Rom.Its Packed with Powerfull MIUI6.You will get update once you switch on your Device.I recommend to update it.It has more improvements.Camera is awesome.Both rear & Front.Watching video & Hearing Music is Great.I feel its better than My MI3.Multi tasking is fantastic on it.Almost 18 apps opend now.Tasking is great.It gives me huge difference compared to Mi3 & Others.Almost all are talking about Heating issue.Frankly i didnt get such issue.I used device for about 2 days.Even late night with 2g Data connection & Wifi.Used some social apps & 3 browsers continuesly.I got just normal heat.Iam not gamer so i cant confirm it on games.My friends & My bro's 2 yr baby played some games like Candy crush,Subway surfer...Its fine.Battery backup is great on this device.
Final word: Its a great device. Fantastic specifications packed in it.Powerfull device.Just Buy it."RECOMMENDED". 
 I received the phone about 3 days ago but neither the phone speaker nor the SIM was bieng detected. Even after filing a return, it has been only been one contact in which they asked me to download an app for the diagnostics but never told me what to download and after that there is no contact from them. 
I have been buying from Flipkart for a long time but their service has really degraded quite a bit in recent times.  
Edit:
If you give a time for callback either follow it to point or don't give some stupid reason like this is not a dialer or we can not call you back in 10 min or so.(Gave me callback time for 1:30pm and called at 1:00pm when I was eating my lunch and said couldn't callback at assigned time and will allot me a new time on the next day) People have work to do. I even adjusted my according to your callback time and then you give me this stupid reason. Whats more this is the third callback time that you gave me after my first one in which you asked to download an app which you would send a link for and never send it till this date. Also, who gives the time for callback during lunch hours and expect the person to not his food. If you don't want to replace the item, just say so, don't waste people's time. I will arrange some other way to get my return.
I am not sure if I would buy anything from Flipkart after such an incident. I have to ask people to be careful of such incidents happening to them.  
Edit 2: I have not been contacted till now after the initial contact and was given a new timing for fourth time and then suddenly out of the blue, my return request status has been updated as resolved. WOW..... FLIPKART invented a new technique to resolve a hardware defect without even a single contact.. Someone give them a NOBEL Prize for such an achievement... It would save millions...no....billions of dollars worth of material and time... 
 Final Verdict: Go for it !!!!  
First thought:
I'm writing this review after using Mi4i for 2 days. After unboxing, the first thing that caught my attention were the build quality, ergonomic feel and light weightiness of the device.  
What a display: 
The display is exceptionally good and smooth to touch. The colors and resolution is amazing at this price point.  
Although, i haven't tried any high performance games yet, there are no lags or performance failure.  
Heating??? Nah, just warming up for normal people like me!! 
Felt warm initially, but after updating the software (to MIUI 6.5.3.0), it hasn't felt any warmer than any other device people are using these days. If you put pressure on the processor, which smartphone would stay cool? Please don't ask for a BMW at the price of a Honda City.  
The battery does hold up for a day and a half at normal usage. 
All in all, i would recommend this phone to anyone thinking to go to the next step from below 10k devices. The device you're getting is worth every penny! 
 I purchased Mi 4i from flipkart, which was delivered on 3rd may. I found following faults in the mobile: 
1. Voice distortion, call not properly audiable.
2. It takes 10 hours for full charging, which is against promise of fast charging.
3. Battery drains fast. Lasts in 8 hours with normal use. 
I requested flipkart for return but they outrightly refused. Feeling cheated. Please don't buy this mobile. 
 Pros:
1. Good display
2. light weight  
Cons : 
0. Unable to see the pictures, videos and music, need to download various related apps to listen music, photoes etc.,
They didn't provide any manual also...........
1. Heats up a lot
2. Only 9.5 GB Memory available after the update. U will be scared to install any apps in this.
3. Camera not that great.
4. Rigng volume is dead low.Even vibration mode is not effective.
5. One can feel a electric shock around Camera area while charging(try to keep the charging phone on your cheeks, you can feel mild zerk)
6. Week WIFI connectivity and some times it won't connect at all.
7. Hangs now and then.
8. The white back is prone to dirt and will be soiled soon.
9. No proper back covers available in the market.
10. Available Ram is below 500mb with minimum apps installed. No idea where the rest is consumed.
11.Better carry a hair pin/or the one provided by company in your wallet,you may need it while changing the sim cards. 
12. No ear phones provided for a mobile of RS. 13000/- 
More detailed review wil follow soon.   
 this is total waste of money.............. this phone is nothing but cheating with customers.
I have bought this phone last week itself android apps are not working. over heating problem is there..... it become terribly hot when talk over the phone for just 10 or more minutes...... 
NOTIFICATIONS ARE NOT GET ACTIVATED....... 
WHATSUP IS ALSO NOT GETTING CONNECTED WITH THE PHONE MEMORY...... 
I AM VERY MUCH FRUSTRATED.......  
so my humble request is DONT BUY THIS PHONE. 
DON'T BUY THIS PHONE
DON'T BUY THIS PHONE 
DON'T BUY THIS PHONE 
 Imagine a situation where u have a delicious dish in front of u but can't eat it even knowing that its going to taste awesome just because its too hot to eat..something similar had happened to me with this Mi4i..all specs performance was great..the display the camera the overall touch experience and the built quality with a slim design its really brilliant..overall it do seems a very expensive phone..also the battery life was really good with the fact that it has an octacore processor and a full hd display...And the miui over android gives a very much an iOS like experience which is also really great..but with so many great things and pros there is just one major cons which surpasses all pros is that the heating issue.. yes i can understand any smartphones do get heated up a lot when u do heavy tasks like gaming continuously for 15-20 mins but with very casual uses like doing Facebook and net browsing just for 2-3 mins if gets heated up that too so much that u can't even place the phone in our ears for taking calls and have to depend upon earphones or loud speakers , that is really intolerable even for a great phone like this..and i have been using the phone in an ac room..although xiaomi has given a few updates on miui which demands it solves this heating issues but believe me it doesn't do things any different at all..
When I first reported this problem to Flipkart they did provide me a replacement but that new one had the same issues as well.. infact the new one along with the heating issues has various other small issues like light sensors not working, wifi was not working properly..so after that being really irritated i called Flipkart and this time I requested to give my refund as I had enough with this phone..and i must thanks to Flipkart's customer care guys who really helped me a lot and agreed to give my refund..so thumbs up to Flipkart's service which did provide my refund within less than 24hrs of making the request..
But I really wish I could keep as I said within 13k its really impossible to get a phone as brilliant as this .. So finally i would recommend who ever planning to buy this purchase this only if u r leaving in a place where the temperature is at sub zero level :D 
 Mi 4i is a really poor phone, As soon as i put in a request for refund with your site, I got a message ti install some app from visiting a link and even with H+ sign on my 3 G network, I kept trying from last 5 hours now and this app is not installing but it's not an app issue, its rather phone connectivity issue that even with H+ sign i can't sync my facebook account too which i have enabled to work on data, same is the condition with Watsapp, I m highly dissatisfied with the performance and want my money to be returned. Apart from this, I have complaints with the speaker quality, over heated issue and 3 G connectivity is a major issue. And i am surprised with Flipkart return policy now, even they know its a bad product still coming up with new tricks of downloading app to return product so that people who lask time should skip one month and they dont have to bother about user complaints. Really disappointed from Flipkart services. Although I am a regular buyer of mobile devices from Flipkart and have bought all modles of xiaomi by now. 
Expecting a call back soon. If you really care about user experience and feedback 
 1. HEATING HEATING HEATING!!
Firstly heats up during charging up to 40 degree and browsing 42 degeree. Then Just try and change themes or browse internet for a while and your phone feels like its suffering from high fever and it goes up to 45 degrees . Then play games for a while and you can make water warm and milk if it is water proof. If you still want to push it, go ahead and try to make a call and stay on it for 20 min, you will have to get medication for ear burns!
2. MIUI - A SPACE HOG
After installing the latest updates i am left with only 10 GB of space. I have not installed any apps from play store than what came along with the phone. With no expandable memory this is quite an issue.
3. LAG - SOMETIMES
Even switching home screens lags sometimes. My old 512 mb ram powered android ics mobile was better when it was new in playing games of its time. Subway surfers starts lagging after just 15 min of gameplay. Now 2 GB of RAM and a 64 bit 2nd gen octacore and then lag, c'mon who are we kidding here!
4. LOW VOLUME ON EXTERNAL SPEAKER
Go to a noisy indian market and i assure you that you will miss a call coz you could not hear it.
5. 13 MP BACK CAMERA - produces blurry images in moderate lighting. Its good in very bright lighting though. 
Bottom line: I could have bought a yureka (almost same specs but larger screen) for a far lesser price, but since i wanted a screen not more than 5 inch, i bought this. I don't mind spending extra money but do not want heat generating hand warmer. I live in south india, NOT kashmir. 
 Phone is getting heated up very soon. Can't be in a call for more than 3 minutes or can't play games or watch videos in you tube. measured heat was 48'C 
 If we talk about the phone camera, interface, themes, user easiness, no lag etc then its an amazing phone in this segment. 
Main Problem
1. Heating with minor multi use.
2. Withe every system update you get camera lag issue or touch not working or phone hangs during call for 10-15 second
3. major apps some function do not work, example- whatsapp voice notes do not work. 
i am amazed by the flipkart service though, they send a link to me by which i downloaded the app and by that app flipkart checked my phone and then eventually when they found issues they refunded me. Hatss Off service by flipkart. 
 Please do not waste your money on buying this phone. The sound quality is pathetic. Even at the maximum sound, you would miss calls. Its that bad.  
I have been told by Flipkart that they cant be bothered, as Xiaomi is at fault. Its really a sad situation to be in. 
 I have a problem with my mi4i which is having front camera problem
when iam taking a picture with my front camera the screen will get faded with small colored particles, and the clicked picture has the same small colored paticles faded.is anyone facing the same problem? 
 Don't Buy This Phone. They are totally doing fraud with customer. I bought MI4i Cell phone. Phone is heating lot. Ring volume very low. Also Big problem in screen. Whenever I dial the call screen goes totally blank. I can not disconnect the call in between. I complaint to flipkart first they told me Seller is not replace your product. Now I complaint with MI company service center. They are also not answering properly. Now they are telling me to go our service center & service center number is also not working. They don't have it's alternet number. Very worst situation. My money it's totally waste. 
 Going by the advertisement Mi4i is just a pathetic mobile phone in terms of Gaming & Camera usage. 
Mobile is good for making calls...but battery is pathetic for user making more than 50 calls and using Whatsapp & Google Masps. 
If u are a gamer then U jus did the greatest mistake of ur life by buying this mobile. As I played Need for Speed for 30 mins....it was unable for me to hold the mobile temp was 55 degree Celcius. Try dis *#*#4636#*#* and check for battery temp. 
I'm really fed up with this mobile...within less than a month, the mobile is hanging and heating up like anything. Plz Plz dont buy this phone. Moto G2 is the best option. 
Dont go for this pathetic piece of shit...  
 I bought my first Xioami Phone , Some of my friends are already using Xioami and all of them have good feedbacks about the phone. 
As soon as i unpacked the phone, I found that its touch keypad is not working properly Key "S" and Key "Z" are not getting pressed, The particular area of the screen is not recognizing the touch.... 
I was very shocked with the build quality of Xioami Phones. 
Flipkart is sending a replacement I will get back with more reviews once I receive the replacement and use it for some days... 
 Has anybody received an 800MB+ update to MIUI??
I applied the update as soon as unboxing the Mobile. 
The mobile then went into a Reboot over-drive. It started rebooting every now and then while its opening Whatsapp or Camera usage or Settings menu etc.
Have to call and file for a exchange. 
Did anyone else face a similar issue? Do report it here. 
The mobile is nice by the way. For the price this is easily the best compact 5inch mobile u can buy with acceptable performance, camera and battery life. 
 Few days back on 15 july i order this phone. the phone i received was heating so much that one can iron the clothes with that i contact flipkart they said update it... i do... 
then the issue was not solved... last week i request for replacement nd flipkart rejected my request. I again try then after a lot of talk they replace the phone. Now the main twist... the replacement i got is a Mi4i in which the touch screen is not working... when i complaint they said call later... again i try they again assign a call for today i.e 6 august 15. The customer care disconnect the call nd message me tht they will call me tomorrow.... Flipkart Just passing the time so tht 30 days just fly away... nd i left with a damaged phone. 
I m very disappointed with this behaviour. I thought Flipkart is good. but i was completely wrong.. Recently purchased 4 phones from flipkart to gift my family... But now i will never recommend flipkart to anyone.
Shame on u flipkart.
I dnt want to use that phone anymore.
Plz refund my money. 
I am rating 5 star for the brilliant Idea of cheating the customers.
Brilluiant job Flipkart for fooling customers. 
 Flipkart has replaced my phone. After replacement n update it is working fine(nominal heating i.e. 42 C on gaming). Some lags are there while gaming on balanced mode. Can play full HD without lags.  
Nominal heating is expected by octa-core fanless processer while processing demanding applications.  
I got this mobile in its first flash sale. A review after 1 week usage 
1. Display is very crisp n clear.
2. Camera is good in good lightening conditions.
3. Call quality is good though earpiece needs little more volume.
4. Battery has heating issues while charging, sometimes for no reasons, on gaming also. Here heating means heating above a normal threshold. 
5. Compact design and sleek phone. 
6. Lollipop is good and performance is also good.  
This is my first Xiomi and I am disappointed.
Reviewer please do give honest reviews about a product.  
I have asked for return lets see if Flipkart processes is or not. 
 looks beautiful
awesome camera 
full HD video recording awesome 
Front camera awesome
no lags
Full HD Screen Beautiful UI interface
But Little Bit of heating issues but not my problem 6 against 1 i don't Care
i mean which phone does not have a heating issues
so i'm gonna give it 5 stars 
 Purchased this mobile during the Big Billion Day sale and although Flipkart took ages to deliver this, the wait was worth every paisa.  
Before buying this device, I read tons of review and how it became hot even after slight usage. To all of those people, my simple advice is update the device!!! As soon as I turned on the mobile, there was a 860 mb update waiting for me. I decided to test out something and delayed that update. Installed Asphalt 8, Nova and it did get heated up quite a lot after playing for 5 minutes. After installing the update, the heating simply went away.  
The only con for me was the 16 Gb storage which can somehow be circumvented by OTG.  
The sound was really low and I suspected a software issue; so I updated to miui7 developer rom. That way there are no more issues with sound anymore. 
As far the rest of the device goes, it is simply superb! Go for it!  
 Using the Mi4i White(16GB) since a week.  
BODY: I jus love the way it looks. very LIGHT-WEIGHT, SLEEK and SLIM. All my friends were surprised after holding the phone which weighed so less. And you needn't worry about the smudges on the pure white back as its ANTI-GREASE COATED which means you can just wipe off the smudges with a cloth or eraser or sometimes even your hand. I personally tested this. It works great. If you worried about durability, you can check out the stress test videos of MI4I on youtube.  
DISPLAY: You just cant get a better display than this. So vibrant and crisp. Sunlight Display is Awesome. Touch is too good. I heard many people saying there is no Gorilla Glass Protection. I would say they are WRONG. Go check out the video 'Xiaomi Mi 4I Tear Down by Hugo Barra' on Youtube. (Hugo Barra is the Vice President of Xiaomi). He clearly says that the glass is made specially by Corning and is equivalent to Gorilla Glass 3 in its characteristics. 
UI : One Word... Superb. Looks almost similar to that of I-Phone and is really smooth. Phone initially comes with 6.5.5 which is kinda snappier but now upgraded to 6.7.1 which is the latest release and now the UI is smooth as butter even in balanced performance mode. Update brought many cool features and settings which gives us a lot of customizability to the UI. Active community where you can post your feedback and get their replies. One more cool thing is we can flash any MIUI version with the inbuilt updater app. Just download the version you want to install and copy it into the phone and flash it using the updater app. MiPhone Manager software is also available to provide even more features like Casting screen to System without wifi.  
CAMERA: I BOUGHT THIS PHONE MAINLY FOR THE CAMERAS. The best in the price point or may be even beyond it. Both the cameras do a FANTASTIC job. Daylight photos are just Amazing. The amount of detail it captures really surprised me when I compared it with models in the similar price range like Moto G 3rd Gen. Pictures are way better. You can compare the photo quality in www.gsmarena.com .  
BATTERY: REALLY GOOD. Lasted for 1day 10 hours 20min, which included screen-on time of 5hours 40 minutes, 44Min of voice calls, 10hours of wifi for WhatsApp,Gmail and Google Drive. Charging is quite fast too.  
CONNECTIVITY: Connectivity is way better than my old phone(Samsung Galaxy Fame). Signal Reception is quite good and there are no call drops which were very frequent on my old phone as I stay in the outskirts of the city.  
Latest WIFI and Bluetooth Protocols.  
I heard many people complaining about heating and low sound but those issues are RESOLVED with MIUI updates. Now the speaker is loud enough and heating reduced quite significantly.  
The only problem people might face could be the lack of Extendable memory slot which I think may not be an issue if you carry an OTG cable. Just copy the things which you feel aren't that necessary into the Hard-Disk or pen drive with the OTG cable and you are good to go. (Watch the tear-down video for reasons why they dint provide the External SD Card Slot) 
I WOULD DEFINITELY RECOMMEND THIS PHONE TO ANY PERSON. 
 I must say when i brought this phone i was the happiest person of the world.. But my happiness came to end after usage of 15 days of this phone. Initially the phone worked very nicely but One day suddenly my phone was dead, yes just like that. I have provided my phone to service center they said that the phone repairing will cost me 9000 bucks. And i was shocked like hell. Additionally they said that there was liquid contents in my phone.
I could not imagine whether they lied straight on my face or there was liquid from the start. 
I dont know how much this review helps but if i was at your place i would have used that money somewhere else. I have saved money for 4 months to buy this phone and it is feeling real bad inside.  
SO THANK YOU MI FOR OPENING MY EYES. 
 Purchased this phone during a flash sale on the mi India website, on June 30, 2015. Phone was delivered 14 days from date of order. Follow-ups with customer care were a nightmarish experience. Standard response of 'Phone will be delivered in next two days' was given. No visibility of where the device was or how long it would really take for delivery was shared.
Company has a 10-day replacement policy and in 15 days time the navigation keys set failed completely. Service Centre wouldn't accept the phone for repair as IMEI number on the invoice did not match with IMEI on the phone. Call to Customer Service for updating the invoice, needs picture of packaging box, screenshot of the phone and invoice. Several (~8) follow-ups later, no resolution. From follow-up 4-7, I was assured that phone would be replaced, the issue is escalated and a call-back should be expected. Mails to the company are never acknowledged.
Follow-up 8, the 'Solution Expert' can't find the ticket number shared with me, cannot see the attachments in my mail which were verbally acknowledged during previous follow-ups and asks me to visit the Service Centre and connect the mi team with Service Centre personnel over call. Updated invoice will not be shared. Phone will not be replaced. Complete nightmare dealing with their solution experts as problem needs restating EVERY single time.
Do NOT buy Xiaomi!! Instead purchase a Samsung or even a Micromax. 
 I using this phone from last 3 months. During charging phone get heated up to 40 degrees. And while playing games it heated up to 50 degrees. It burned my fingers. 
Battery backup during continues use is stand up to 4 hours only. 
It had 2GB ram, but don't run smoothly. 
After all its made in China. 
 I have purchased Mi4i mobile from Flipkart on 15th May 2015, This Mobile
looking very nice. Camera, colour display so good. But it has main defects
is network!!! I have purchase microsim for this.
First day i have inserted the called to meny time working good outgoing
call. @ night i have full charged the mobile Kept it. Morning i sow the
mobile its shows as No sim!!!
its surprize to me, I have inserted micro sim called kept night morning it
shows "Insert sim" sudden i have rebooted the devise & then i got able to
do outgoing calls & incoming call. But after 45 minutes (if no use the
mobile) Same thing continuing "insert sim" Again i did selected Network
"3G" Now phone not showing "insert Sim" but the main problem started
here!!!! I am not able get call form incoming. becaused called from other
mobile its says *switched off!!!!!. I *missed lots of call. I checked the
sim inserting in Samsung ( basic mobile) mobile it working good. checked
with Airtel people also ( service provider) they have also checked Network
& sime working good.
So i had raised request for replace the Device (mobile) 4 time many times
flipkart not able to contact me because of the phone network issue they
have agreed also!!. Yes! i am not able to get calls, i am missing so many
calls, suffering from this mobile. Request you to Please take this high
priority replace the Mobile Mi4i 
Below are the phone problems 
1. Sim slot not working ? No sim 
2. Network place also if called from other mobile it telling as Not
reachable or Switched off 
3. Many times called from Other Mobile Mi4i will ringing after4 to 5
rings. 
4. Calling to other Mobile Saved Contact Photo not able to view. 
5. Other Application open that time Mi4i become not reachable ( ex:
SMSing using Watapp) 
6. Many times calling other mobile it will take 1 mints to give ring. 
7. Manny time Mi4i will become Not reachable/Switched off!!!.  
 Edited after two weeks use 
I'm not writing a review but recommending this phone to everyone who wish for an iPhone 6 but can't buy it. 
This phone is better in most ways, than the iPhone 6. Including the screen size, resolution, camera quality, battery life and speed of apps like camera, email, and all productive apps. Only that iPhone is metal look and this is plastic look. But it doesn't look cheap at all. The back is matte finish (high quality polycarbonate) so smooth and can easily be used with one hand. 
Pros?
1) Screen resolution, colors and sunlight brightness  Awesome 
2) A) Battery life  for clicking photos, checking emails, whatsapp, reading news, few calls and showing off phone to colleagues, it easily lasts a day. - Awesome 
2) B) Exact timing? If your screen is continuously on with 3g connected and chatting, browsing then every 5 minutes 1 percent down. That is around 10  12 percent down for an hour, which comes to around / approx. 10 hours of screen on time  Awesome. You will get tired, viewing the phone so much time per day. It is not good for your health. 
3) Camera  Best Camera you can get for the price. Its simply awesome in daylight, because of true color reproduction. Indoor too its very good. So many options, like with flash, HDR, HDR live, or continuous flash on, for better lighting of photos. 
A small tip- In out doors just keep your subject less than a meter close to the mobile and give 3-1 space in the frame for the background and you get DSLR effect with background blurred. Awesome  You dont need a cam for emergency; this is always there with you.
One more tip  Actually the original settings of camera is normal. You have to press the menu button and in the settings increase it to high quality. There are so many settings as you like to increase quality of photos. Maybe thats why people who have not done this say camera is average. 
4) Front cam  beautifies you. Really makes you look younger. Good enough.  
5) Apps open real fast, if you can go to developer mode and increase the speed of animator by .5x its really fast. You wont feel the lag in opening apps. You can Google developer options for MIUI. There are plenty of options to better your phone 
6) Security App of MIUI  Awesome. You dont need any third party software to maintain your phone to make it run smoothly. Yes, with so many options. No need of battery guru, antivirus, speed booster etc.  
7) The phone itself is lightweight and durable. It is the best combination for a phone. If you compare price to product ratio, then only 25000 rupees above phones can come near this. That is really awesome. 
Cons?
1) I havent installed any games since I don't want to waste time. Maybe it heats up while gaming, but I dont care. For me it is a perfect device.
2) The speaker is not loud, but it is ok. And I mostly use headphones to hear songs or watch movies, which is awesome. After all however loud the speaker is you cannot enjoy the full spectrum of music unless you have a headphone. Basically the call related loudspeaker is loud enough. 
3) No SD card... But for me every week all the photos and videos get uploaded to Google and I free up the space keeping only the best ones in mobile. Moreover it has OTG so you can copy any movies etc. from pen drive and watch if thats important to you. But since its just 16 GB its quite fast in working.  
And I recommend this to whoever wants a high quality and productive mobile, which includes awesome call quality and functions, high quality camera, official and personal emails, whatsapp, internet banking apps, documents and power point creations etc, etc... Also I liked was converting a word doc into pdf. and reading in mobile mode. Awesome. 
There is so much we can talk about the phone, but this is it.  
Don't miss such a masterpiece by looking at unnecessary negative reviews. There is no perfect phone in this world. And this phone is full of awesomeness and very less of cons. So go for it. Peace   
 If it continues heating it up..i am contemplating returning it.
Good features but of what use when you can use it for 10 min?
MI knows that heat is their Nemesis still it has not improved on it..
despite good feature and value for money i am not going to recommend anyone because of heat issue..  
 Been using it for the last one week. Got it in the 1st flash sale. Here are my reviews:
Pros: 
1. Crisp and bright display. Looks gr8 in sunlight as well
2. Gr8 camera - works perfect in daylight but a bit disappointing in night mode
3. Superb looks - sleek uni body and one hand use makes it feel rich. 
Cons:
1. MIUI is bit unfriendly for new users.. It will take you some time to get used to it.
2. App crashes made me disappoint - Gallery with Slide show crashed for me once and Data Usage app never launches!
3. Chinese text usage is some widgets and alerts - Learn Chinese before using this phone. I hope the new updates fix some of these. 
Don't worry about the battery heating - if its running - its got to be sweating! :) All phones have heating issues. This is no different. 
My brother got an ASUS Zenphone 2 (12999) at the same time and when compared - both gadgets have their good and bad. If you are looking for light weight - one hand use - happy with 16 g internal without an external memory - go for MI4i. If you need big display - better battery (asus has an ultra-saving battery mode that lasts the phone for up to 2 days) - regular android UI experience - go for ASUS 
 This phone has got an amazing screen,perfect weight and good battery life.But,if the phone gets heated up,then the problem starts.The CPU is throttled down,and it affects the performance ( Try taking some photos in quick succession outdoors,or use Messenger),you can feel the lag.The software update we get on first boot does no fixes this (I don't think it was meant to fix). Hope Xiaomi releases a software update soon. 
 Look & Feel :Excellent
Display :Excellent 
it heats up when play games and use internet over wi-fi other things are working good.
call quality is very good.
But im facing problem of volume getting decreases automatically while playing songs,video,s or playing game .after then i have to close that and again start then volume comes loud but after 10 sec it again goes down.hence I am thinking to replace it or refund .  
 i got my 3 rd Mi in 1st online selling.as it say it has 16 gb internal memory bt i got 10 gb only.data connection frusted toooooooo much.it leaves net connection most of tym.
my review is based on 4 days uses.... 
 3100+ battery & 5inch phone combination would make every one realize wud give the best battery back up .. I would say 9hours of average usage .
Heating issues obeserved even without playing games just browsing itself one could feel phone gets warmer. 
Mui6 software is good but not as smooth as other Custom OS like cynogenmod . 
What s good about phone : Screen quality, Overall build , and 5inch size. 
Could have provided sd card support .10gb of free space is very less. 
 I'm writing this after a day of usage. Flipkart delivered this product in 4 days.  
This phone is the BEST in terms of style, performance, battery and camera. Display of this phone, OMG, it's beyond any words. AWESOME ! 
Absolutely light and can't feel that you are carrying it, at first place. Nice design, made for human hands. 
The device heats up a bit, but there are no phones in market that doesn't heat up and also I heard the heating issue is resolved in the immediate OTA update which pops up as soon as you switch on for the first time (~800 MB), which I haven't done so far. 
MIUI is so fluidic in every nature. This is my first Mi / Xiaomi device and it's way beyond expectations atleast after a day of usage. 
Pros:
Awesome display
Fluidic MIUI
Excellent Camera (both front / back)
No lag
Superb call quality
Cost effective
Great battery 
Cons:
Average volume (Not too loud) 
****************************************************************************************************
It's steal at this price band. Awesome phone, you can go for it !!
**************************************************************************************************** 
 a v.good piece for this price tag, 
ill give my ratings as follows out of 5..
model/design: 4/5
screen: 4.5/5
camera: 3/5
ui: 4/5
battery backup :4/5
coming to ram it has 2 gb in which the whole 1 gb is used for pre installed apps well we can uninstall them tough.
processor speed is good, well according to the price. we cant expect speed as compared to 2+ghz devices. 
for the first time when i turned on the device got heated up within moments but after that its normal not much heating update the software there is a software available.
am pretty disappointed when i opened the box no headset no otg cable, jus device and charger that's all very disappointing... my overall score for this device is 3/5. i would have given at-least 4.5 if other accessories were given. 
 i writing this after 24 hrs of usage. 
cons:
memory only 10.5gb available 
UI is not so great
There is some lagging noticeable
takes a lot of time to wake up (screen to switch on)when pressed power button
button quality i didn't like
1gb available ram
only white available in flash sale(this white doesn't give rich look). 
Think of all alternatives before you buy , since its not a Steal like that of Mi3. 
There are some pro's
Display is cool
heat is very less(I don't understand why so many people have heating problem. )
camera is good.
back panel quality is good
very light
perfect size   
 I bought this phone for my wife as a gift to her. I was impressed with the tech specs. On paper, this phone looked really very good. I personally use an iPhone 6 Plus and a Google Nexus 5. 
On the basis of those technical specifications, I went ahead and bought this phone. 
I must say this phone is a pretty cheap phone with below average performance. In just over 3 days, phone started freezing. My wife is not tech savvy, so she had in total 6-7 apps installed for basic use. 
Phone freezed, got heated and the overall performance was very sluggish. On loud speaker, you could barely hear what the person on the opposite end is speaking. Speaker volume and overall volume, is extremely low. 
I have asked for a replacement. I wanted a refund, but I guess, I don't have an option. So, my money is dumped and wasted. 
My advice to you guys: Don't go on price tags and on paper specifications. Go for tried and trusted brands. I have lost my money in this phone, you be careful! 
 MI4i seems to be awesome mobile but with certain cons. 
Display is awesome Mi has surely done a good job. Sunlight visibility is good, but the sunlight feature what they described works only when you put torch light on the light sensor. with normal sunlight there seems to be no change in the display.  
performance is too good (change the default settings to "performance mode" which will be in "balanced mode" in default to increase the device performance and speed).  
no heavy heating issue even with heavy games, except during charging the mobile, compared to the other mobiles having 615soc. speaker sound is good. no problem with internet/network connectivity even while travelling in car/bus. Battery charges very fast thanks to the fast charging adaptor.  
camera is good in bright day light, but very very poor in low or dim light. seems like 6-8mp camera. if camera is your preference then mi4i is not ur choice. battery drains like anything. it comes only for 7-8hrs of normal usage. and 5-6hrs with heavy usage.  
overall mi4i is a good choice if camera and battery back up is not ur priority. 
 Over heating while charging and using 3G. Processing speed very low and hanging. Requested for return. Flipkart must confirm the quality of the product before they selling new products, i m totally disappointed with this. 
 The phone's screen is too delicate. It fell from the mattress which is 2 inch in height, on a mat, the screen cracked and the touch stopped working. The flipkart person said he's helpless. 
 Do not think .. Just go for it ... ! 
I have received Mi 4i three days ago, After using the phone for three days i have
decided to write review about this phone, 
Now coming over to the main part that is the pros and cons that would help you to understand better : 
Pros: 
* Excellent User-Interface , Xiomi has worked hard to carve out an amazing interface for this android phone.  
*PPI of 441 offers excellent viewing display at par with high end samsung mobiles when it comes to display quality. 
* Gorilla Glass screen - something that you get only in top notch devices. 
It offers scratch resistant and very smooth smudge resistant screen. 
*Dual sim - it is a dual sim phone - supports micro sim  
* Call quality is very crisp and clear because it has an active noise cancellation mic. 
*Wi-Fi , GSM /WCDMA/3G/ GPS connectivity is very good. 
* Camera - .. it has a very good camera . Primary camera is of 13 mp , while the secondary camera is of 
5 mp and comes with a beautify feature will surely be liked by selfie lovers. There are a lot of modes for the camera tha can be handy. 
Picture quality can be compared to Nokia or Samsung high end phones. 
* Excellent battery backup with 3120 mah bettery 
Cons : 
* Day 1 after using the phone for 3-4 hours i obseved phone started heating However since i updated the the Mi Phone version to Mi 6
heating problem seems to be resoved. 
* Phone does't have any external memory card slot which is biggest drawback of this phone because out of 16 Gb of internal memory
only 12 Gb is availabe for users which seems to be very less. 
*sound of the loudspeaker is not too loud, 
i would say overall its an excellent phone under 15000 by Xiomi.  
Just go for it without any thoughts. Heating problem will be resolved once you update the phone application for Sure :)  
 I must say this is one of those product, where a person is on a crossroad seeing Performance, Quality and Monetary satisfaction together. But before i move towards pros and cons of Mi 4i, i have being reading a lot about the heating issues from my other fellow users. 
The simple step to AVOID OVER-HEATING is to UPDATE YOUR SYSTEM to latest version. That's it. 
To do this, click settings < about phone < system updates. (make sure your are connected to a decent internet connection because you will be required to download a 806mb update)  
Before updating, the phone used to get heated within minutes of normal usage but now its running smoothly without giving me a tan. 
After updating i have been using this phone for 2 hours on a stretch, that too with wifi on, and I didn't find any over-heating issues. So before you start doing experiments with Mi 4i camera and other stuffs, make sure you have updated your Mi 4i system first. But still, a little Heads-Up from Xiaomi would have been better in this regard. 
Now the,  
Pros:
1)Excellent Display screen (finally i can see in bright sunlight what on earth am i clicking)
2)Strong Wifi receiver when you compare it with other phones (even the high end ones)
3)No useless bloatwares 
4)Yes outer body is made of plastic but its nowhere near to being labeled as cheap. In-fact its very good, look-wise and the feel.
5)The best part are its touch and user interface. Smooth and lag free.  
Cons:
1)Average speaker
2)Power and Volume Button could have been more sturdy
3)Heating issues prior to System update(Yes, this nuisance went away after update)
4)Only 10.83 GB available to users out of 16 GB(Considering there is no slot for SD card)  
Everything has two sides to it and overall am very satisfied with this product.   
 have been using it since 3 days and it is simply amazing. everything works just superbly and yes I know I am using a lot of big words but trust me, this phone is actually just too good for the price tag.
I definitely recommend it. 
 Issue: 
Just received shipment of the new Mi4i - the phone seems to have a light leakage/bleeding below the buttons and the bezel egde.
This is visible in dark room conditions when you press the buttons and the backlight for the button is on. 
I have seen an Mi4i forum where many other users have faced the same issue. This seems like a generic build quality issue. The users were given replacement devices but some of them faced the same issue with the replaced device as well. 
I have requested for a replacement. Now hoping that Mi/Flipkart will get my Mi4i phone replaced with a quality replacement product at the first go. 
Will update my review on the product once/if I get a quality replacement device. 
Update 1:  
Called up Flipkart and they immediately agreed to send out a replacement. Currently in the process of getting the phone couriered back to them. They would refund the courier charges later on once I send a scanned copy of the bill. So far so good. 
Rating still at 1 until I get the new replacement device and check it.  
Update 2:  
Couriered my mobile back to flipkart and sent them a scanned copy of the courier charges as well. The original email they sent mentioned: 
"We also request you to email the scanned copy of receipt along with the tracking id, so that we can reimburse the courier charges in actuals." 
The same was also communicated by the customer care executive I spoke to. But the response I got from them on sending the courier charges was: 
"The courier charges will be reimbursed as promotional wallet balance to your Flipkart account. Youll receive an automated e-mail as soon as this is credited.
You can use your wallet balance, having unlimited validity, as a prepaid mode of payment for your future orders for the products sold by WS Retail on our website." 
Reimburse the courier charges in actual and giving a wallet balance are totally two different things. 
Giving me a wallet balance for products purchased from WS retail forces me to buy further products from them which I am not interested in after this experience. This is a forced promotion of the selected retailer. The courier charges is not an amount I would die for but false promises and misleading statements in this world where consumers have rights is absolutely not acceptable. 
Please do not accept to courier the defective items to flipkart, instead ask them to come collect it themselves.  
Update 3:  
I have now received the replacement device. Flipkart initiated sending of the replacement device as soon as they received my courier with the defective handset. Pretty good there.
Now in the process of testing the Mi4i phone as I feel XIAOMI would not have. Have an email chain going on with Mi4i india team and I must say their response is pathetic. They do not even have a database of the issues that led to replacement requests for the Mi4i phones. So basically they seem to be following the concept of getting the devices in the market, getting it tested by the users and then fixing the problems for perhaps their next phone. How unprofessional is not even maintaining a list of customer reported issues so that they can prevent it from affecting other users.
Also Flipkart has promised to reimburse the courier charges back to my bank account instead of the wallet. Need to check if that happens.
Rating still at 1 until all is sorted.  
Update 4:  
Flipkart has now credited the courier charges back into my account. Had to do a bit of follow up but still appreciate the fact that I could get it done without picking up the phone.
Really appreciate that so would give a 4 start rating to Flipkart on that.
The new replacement phone seems to be working fine. Have done a bit a testing in the past few days. However Xiaomi has not replied to my queries yet which is highly irritating. Below arethe question I asked.
1) How did I end up getting a defective device ? (it's not a one off case, if that's your argument, as I have now come to know many many people getting similar defective pieces.) 
2) When I get a replacement device I would like to know how it is being ensured by Xiaomi that I do not get a defective device again (have read in forums people facing same issue with replacement devices as well). 
3) What are the checks I need to do before fully accepting the device ? (Am sure you would have a database of issues people have reported which lead to replacement requests) 
4) Please send me a list of known issues and a check list so that I can ensure that I have AT LEAST this time received a quality device 
So at the moment rating would slightly increase to 2 but still not satisfied on account of responses from Xiaomi. 
Update 5: 
Finally after testing the replacement phone I must say it is worth the buy. But only thing is you need to be lucky enough to get a quality and defect free device. But Xiaomi India customer care is really poor as the questions I asked (under update 4) are still unanswered. 
 I was losing interest in Androids and was looking forward to buy an iPhone 6, but after going through the reviews I felt of giving Mi4i a shot. And I think it is one of the best decision I have made in my life. Save me a lot of bucks and with the new miui 7 upgrade its super smooth and it has brought my lost love for androids back. Mark my words Xiaomi is going to kill Apple in years to come. What quality. 
Pros
1) The best feature is the screen, iPhone or any other Smartphones can't match the quality, it's out of the world. 
2) The 13 MP Camera is outstanding, we get rich colours with great accuracy. 
3) The interface is buttery smooth and I am in love with it. Any iOS migrant would love it. 
4) The gaming performance is extremely smooth. 
Cons 
None...But if they could provide a Screen Protector in the box it would've been even more awesome. 
Go for it 
Strongly recommended !!! 
 Got this mobile in big billion sale in 9k (10k + 10% bank offer). Coming to the points about this phone 
1. MIUI 7 update has arrived to Mi 4i and it has solved all problems with phone. Dont believe anyone who says phone gets overheated. I have tested it using CPU-Z application, now temperatures remain within 38-43 degree limits and at the same time Xiaomi has enabled all 8 cores at the same time (earlier only 6 cores were enabled in normal mode to prevent overheating which resulted in lags , stutter and slow performance) but now phone gives better performance with all 8 cores On and almost no lags. Now phone is faster than ever before (company claims 30% fast and 10% more battery efficient). Just make sure to update your phone as first thing to do before using your phone (update is around 800 MB).
Little heating is still there while making calls but it is very tolerable. Almost all android phones do so, even my Galaxy S2 used to heat way much more than this. 
2. Battery backup (3120mah) is awesome. Keeping full day Wi-Fi on and medium usage like surfing web, youtube, playing music (I dont play games), battery is still 55% at the end of the day and you can easily use it till next day as well. Also charging time is decent (2.5 hours max). 
3. After update to MIUI 7, free Ram is also increased 850MB. And phone has become less laggy and faster. 
4. Camera is really class. Beautiful stunning pics captured. I actually bought it because of its camera. 
5. Storage is limited as you all know..but it does not bother me that much. 
Display is very sharp and one of the best displays out there in market. 
6. Phone is very stylish and so lightweight (130 gm) considering massive battery 3120 mah. So looks wise no complaints at all.  
7. The best thing buying xiaomi phone is software update cycle is very frequent and they take into account users feedback seriously. I hope phone will be improved further in future. 
Only competitor I find is Coolpad Note 3, but dont know its service since its a new company.
If you can get this phone under 10k, then its a deal.. 
 I bought with exchange policy. My phone was having a very small scratch at the corner, but it was not accepted by the delivery guy. 
Overall my order was cancelled after 15 days. A very bad experience as I could not utilise advantages of Big Billion day sale.  
 This phone heats so much on changing that it cannot be used during charging or untill it cools after the charging is complete.
What is the use of fancy features and latest technology when such basic things are not taken care of? 
 yes , the mi4i is awesome phone , the battery is also good . poeple should buy tis stuff bez the camera quality is very good. 
 The phone heats up like crazy. Xiaomi's own MIUI interface sucks and is very disorienting for an old time Android user. An extremely poor phone that is good only if you consider the technical specification sheet. Repent buying the phone. 
 yuppe chinese heat i am rating it 5 because it saved my LPG cylinder for 5 days.meet revolutionary technology made for cooking!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!china rocks 
 1. Mobile heating problem
2. Internet Issue
3. Apps are hanging
4. 2GB RAM but after using 2,3 apps Free RAM only 400 MB
5. Slow processing. 
6. You miss your call due to low sound quality 
Don't purchase it guys, worst phone i had use till date.  
Wasted my 13K. 
Overall not working as per specification given. 
 With MIUI7 developer rom, phone is working like breeze. Battery with 2 sims is lasting for atleast 1.5 days. Camera is good. No heating issues. 
Worth buying 
 within 1 month 5 days mobile starting a lot of problem ..currently in service center of MI ,they are telling 25 days need to take display and motherboard change ..
heating issue after updated also ..
battery worst ever ..
hang even small app ..
camera quality is good and UI is only good 
 Useless phone
After 3 months of usage, touch of my phone not working.
Xiaomi should spend some money on testing before selling the product
Xiaomi has only few service centers in India. So have a look at service centers before purchasing the product 
 Using this phone since 4 weeks!!! Marvellous Phone with excellent battery life, excellent camera, excellent volume capabilities and storage. Didn't experience any kind of heating problem even without updating...I am really serious! I was very much disturbed to find the reviews indicating heating problems before buying this...but i have been using it since 4 weeks without that update of 860 MB and still no heating! I have played angry birds, Car races-3D, and even Iron Man-3 and other from google play without any Hanging or heating....!! So just go for it!! Battery needs charging only after 2 days of vigorous using!! I am a satisfied customer.... :-) 
 This is a great phone in almost every aspect. You may have noticed reviews of overheating, hardware failure, cheap Chinese phone etc. Since many people tries to compare Xiami with apple so these are my observations,
First off all Apple iPhone available in our country is made in china and almost all of their hardware are China, Taiwan, South Korea based company made (Foxconn, Samsung etc). So please do some research before talking bullshit.
Regarding poor QAQC I will say my own ipod touch 4G's home button broke down just after its warranty period was expired. Talked to Apple support and found Apple service centre at Kolkata. But they told me it will cost 16000. One of my colleagues iphone display showing problem within 4 months. This is their top notch QAQC process. Besides everybody knows the last iphone bending issue. Now our problem is, if it is a popular brand and showing some problem, it is bad luck but for Xiami, it is just a cheap Chinese phone so it will show problem. Again 13000 phone is cheap but Apples 71% OVERPRICED (teardown) iphone is WORTHY!! We are such a FOOOOOLLLL. My god. And most of the companies are taking advantage of our lack of knowledge.
OK, I am not comparing it with Apple, just few examples. For those who believes blindly in Apple, Samsung, please read in depth about their hardware before making fan boy comments. Enough said, coming to pros and cons,
Pros:
1. Very well designed phone and superb build quality in this price point. They are very careful to the box packing of the phone as well. You will definitely admire this, once you move your figure over and inside the box.
2. Nice finishing and sleek design, light weight. You will feel that you are holding a much expensive phone.
3. It does not HEATS LIKE A HEATER NOT EVEN CLOSE TO IT. It might get worm during 3g download, gaming, charging but it is definitely not a deal breaker. Please switch to balanced mode and keep S/w up to date.
4. Awesome display resolution and 441 pixel density. Brightness level and colour saturation is also amazing.
5. Camera is also very crisp and clear compared to any other phone up to 25000k price tag approx.
6. Snapdragon processor even in balanced mode and 2GB LPDDR3 makes miui buttery smooth and fluid. But you will get only 800MB avg free ram.
7. Sound quality is also good (not great) but call clarity is EXCELLENT.
Cons:
1. The major problem with MI is less number of service centre in India. Since they manufacture less no of device so their spare parts availability is also an issue. I have goggled a lot and found that they take long to repair (as long as 1 month). It is really annoying.
2. The MIUI though very well designed, intuitive, customizable, good looking UI but it feels like a copy more or less of IOS. And I totally dislike this area. They must develop something of their own.
3. Nothing
So whatever you decide its up to you but I will definitely recommend this phone. Last of all, Flipkart service is ONE OF THE BEST and I have not experienced any problem in last 3 years with any replacement. Thanks for reading my review. 
 not satisfy with mobile n service,heavy phone not with good battery.heating problem no memory card slot n network problem 
 I would give -5 stars if that would have been an option. After they deliver a faulty product - for replacement I was literally tormented by Flipkart's Customer Service and their Delivery boys. After Multiple Escalations to managers, somehow I managed to get my phone for the money I paid. 
Anyways, my last order for Flipkart... they don't care once they get the payment..  
Suggestion - Please close your customer service department. It is an NVA for you and you would save a lot of money. 
 I had bought this phone on 23rd May 2015 and used it with out any problem and believed the phone is very good up to 19th July 2015. Suddenly the speakers had failed so no ring tone and speaker was not working. Went personally to on 20th July 2015 to HCL touch authorised service center for MI had to wait for atleast 2 hours to be attended and the Service took about a week and the phone was delivered on 25th July 2015 with out battery on it. I had again visit on 29th to complain about over heating like a hote plate, charging for entire night but still no use battery drains very fast and then never goes up on charging to more than 40% after which we need to lift the phone only with gloves as it is very hot against visited the service center on 31st July 2015 who said in 15 minutes the problem will be resolved as they will reset the phone and give after 15 minutes of charging again the phone was a hot plate and the service center advised me to leave the handset for another 7 days to 10 days to which i replied they can take 20 days time but need to give me the hand set as i had purchased. 
Due not having a back up phone I had lost many business calls and i do not recommend any one to buy. If you are unlucky like me you will waste your time and end to up into problem of buying a bad product. I am planning to spread the message to atleast 2000 people whom I know. 
I suspect the service center had replaced my good battery to a bad battery set as the phone / hand set is sealed as you cannot remove battery. If company persons and flipkart read this message take this very serious as service center persons does not give genuine information about this phone when the trouble starts. 
 Yesterday I went to get my Mi repaired at REDNIGTON. I was shocked to see the large no of people lined up for repairs....The entry register of 30th was full page for complaints, what must be the status on other days is not known. On the top of it the behavious of REDINGTON staff was pathetic. U cannot afford to wait for 5-7 hours to get your phone checked up. There are no service counters, no staff except two receptionist, 2 reapirs person, handling MANY PRODUCTS BRANDS. And the Manager Ashish is horrible. I came back unattended........Guys next time Ill send pics too. 
 I have ordered this product from my friends account since there was a flash sale in the start.
Having used this phone from past 3 months or probably more than that my conclusion is this phone is superb .Better than any so called branded phones.Heats up very little which is common in any snapdragon processor but neglibile,camera is awesome,front camera is excellent because of beautiy software, miui 6.5.6 User interface is quick,display is superb ,though a lag caused by 2gb ram when play 2k videos ,2k and above format requires 3 gb ram so thats fine .All in all if you compare battery ,display ,camera ,built quality,price ,looks ,software i give high five....Only suggestion to flipkart or Xiaomi is please stop this nonsense flash sale if this is marketting gimmick it is fine but have all the colors and provide sale and reachout to all people in one go....there is a chance that people will be fed of the duration of registration and may move on to other brands ,Since Xiaomi is awesome Brand i dont think they require any gimmicks . 
 Phone was ok.After a week of usage,i dropped the phone.
And the Corning OGS glass is gone !!.
Though i gave it for a replacement when i enquired after twenty days,the Service center replied that it might still take more than a month as Xiaomi is not supplying any spares for Mi 4i. 
So, Please don't buy this,if it might fall down even once 
 This device should've been a master piece but it missed this opportunity in terms of comfort
 It heats too much that's the problem with this device.  
The buiild quality is awesome feels premium the moment you touch it. 
Screen is full HD. Vivid and bright.
Very ligjt. 
Battery back up is awesome. For me it last for 18 hrs at least.
Miui 6 is OK. But lags on balanced mode. Needs update.
Camera is descent in day light. During night you would not want to use this camera
Front camera is awesome with beautify mode.
Processor clocks 1.1 GHz fof normal use and 1.65 GHz for heavy apps.
Games won't lag for first 10 mins after it starts heating and then lag starts.
Browsing is good experience due to full hd screen. 
Corning ogs protection works didn't found any scratches yet.
Sound is ok.
Call clarity is good.
Network reception is good.
Touch is very good.
Headphone output is awesome enhanced by MI sound enhancer.  
Heat. It heats too much you can't even play games. I hope they release some update that should resolve this issue. 
 I had ordered for Mi4i White before the Grey one was available. The very day after ordering I saw that Grey is coming for sale next week, so I canceled and waited to buy the grey one and eventually I purchased it last Thursday and got it delivered on Friday morning..I am so happy that I waited for the grey one.. 
This phone is fantabulous for the price that it comes for..My office colleagues who own Mi3 and Mi4 liked the design of Mi4i compared to their handsets..It's smaller and handier in size and has a very sleek design..Talk about performance, it just rocks..I played Asphalt the same day and it runs very smoothly..I also tested the cameras and recorded a full HD video using the front cam..just brilliant! Battery life is super cool..I charge it to 100% in the morning and by the time I come home in the evening, the battery still remains at 70% or higher with normal usage throughout the day.. 
The handset I got, comes with the latest MIUI 6 and I did not experience any heating problems even after testing it with heavy usage while accessing multiple apps, calls and even with heavy gaming...for people who need more storage space, this could be the only constraint..for me 16 GB is just fine..I could never exhaust 16 GB in my old phone including internal and external memory.. 
So, in a nutshell, here are the pros and cons: 
Pros: 
1. Great pricing for the phone specs
2. Great design, look and feel + very handy
3. Lag free top end performance
4. Amazing display and camera quality
5. Great battery life
6. 4G support 
Cons:
1. Fixed storage space of 16 GB (Concern for only those who need heavy storage in the phone) 
 I am not able to hear the ringing sound even it is in my pocket or next to me.heating problem is also there.but display is awesome. 
 Phone is overheating, also hangs.
Even the sound is not clear
How can you flipkart keep such a phone.
Return policy is bad.
These guys are just telling to update but nothing worked out.
Please take this phone back 
 MI 4i .. i got mi 4i but it has HEATING problem. 40. Celsius on normal use , without playing game or playing video.. 
I requested for return , but flipkart reply me that 40.celcius is normal heat.
they are not ready to return and rejected my request,, 
Now i am going to compare the Service of Flipkart and Amazon 
AMAZON 
 i brought a yu yureka from amazon,, normaly I called to Amazon and ask that,, "I feel some heating issue in yu yureka" customer executive reply me " sir please dont keep the phone if u are not satisfy with the phone ,, and i will help you how you can return" 
FLIPKART 
 40. Celsius on normal use , without playing game or playing video..
I called to Flipkart and ask for replacement defective phone,,
They given me an app for troubleshooting,, but no one called me for troubleshooting,,
they rejected my request without any satisfaction.. 
Now i Have to use the defective phone,, and i am using. 
Thank you flipkart ,,  
 Writing this review after 3 days of use. 
First of all coming to the body design : awesome is the word for it very sleek design smooth matte finish at the back and front full black. 
Next talking about the display : yes full hd it is 441ppi excellent display bt in sunlight the sunlight display feature of this phone dosent work very well does help tho. reading in sunlight is above average i can say. 
Coming to the most talked Camera of mi 4i : Believe me you wont regret buying this phone if you buy it for camera purpose. one of the best camera i have come across .FRont and rear work extremely well in good light conditions in low light gives some grains bt that is with all the midrange devices. can compare the picture quality with that of all high end samsung phones and iphone 5s .
Battery : this is the part where it dissapoints a little tho it is 3100 apprx mA battery it dosent last more than a working day if u use wifi and browse for say 3 - 4 hrs.if u use it mediocarly it can last more than a day so not for gamers.
 performance : it is good i can say supports high graphic games like asphalt8 and many more. 
There are some rumors on in the market that this phone heats up and it is a big problem n shit believe there is literally nothing like that infact phone is cool fir most of the time except when u play games. 
lastly thank u flipkart for really fast delivery..!!!! 
hope this review helps you.
neglecting the battery problem ill give 5 stars. 
 I have ordered this phone on 21st of MAY. I got it on the next day itself. But Be careful about the display. There are some dead pixel in it. There is heating issue. Phone restarts and sometime screen movement is there without touch. Overall not satisfactory with this product. 
 i purchased phone on 10 june but it has heating problem , phone gets heat up after 10 min of surfing.i requested for return but the flipkart refused to return.....i suggest not to purcahse any electronic item from flipkart 
 I bought this phone couple of weeks back. I took the updates and it's working perfectly.  
There is no heating issue or anything. It may become a little bit warm when playing HD game / webpages using more graphics contents . It's not getting heated when using WiFI or 3G. 
Really worth for money. 
 Before I go into my first week review, a little background on my smartphone experience. I started with Samsung S3 and then jumped up to HTC One M8 and finally landed on the Mi 4i. I gave away my HTC One M8 to my dad and I wanted to try something in the lower price bracket. I am not expecting at par performance with the M8 because few phones can match its performance but if the Mi 4i can even come 70% close to meeting the M8's awesome feel I will be grateful. 
A week has passed and I had ordered this on the 11th June registered sale. I got a defective piece on 12th June, the phone just did not start even after fully charging the batteries. Called up Flipkart customer care and they were prompt in replacing the set. I got my replacement on 14th June and now have used it for 3 days. I feel 3 days is enough to get a first impression of any phone and here's my take. 
Design: 7/10
I loved the metallic design and the curves of the HTC One M8 and compared to that the Mi 4i is a bit plastic but for the price it sure does look glamorous. Just pair it with a good cover and it is sure to stand out from the crowd. 
Screen: 10/10
Yup, the screen clarity is at par with the HTC One M8. In fact, the sharpness of logos and icons, text is just uncanny. Downside though is that notification top bar is tiny and at times so are other areas but at least very very clear. Videos in HD look beautiful. 
Camera: 9/10
Back camera takes awesome pictures although low light pics leave a bit to the imagination. Overall though the camera is splendid with aperture control, real time effect control, HDR and other controls while you take a picture. Front camera is equally impressive and I feel that both cameras actually deliver above the price tag of the phone. 
Music: 10/10
I don't really care for music from the built-in speakers neither do I ever use a phone to listen to music. Frankly phones can never come close to the quality you get from good music players or DACs. I use a Cowon D2+ with a E11K Amp paired with an AudioTechnica M50x to listen to music so trust me when I say this - this is the best damn sounding phone I have tried thus far with headphones on. Built-in equalizer does a wonderful job and it works even if you try it with internet radio apps such as Gaana, Murfie and more. 
Connectivity: 7/10
WiFi I feel is a bit sluggish but it is ok, not something I can't live without. Mobile Data connection though feels more fluid. You get a 3.5mm jack and a data charging mini-USB port. No expansion slot to add a memory card, so beware if you think otherwise. What it does support is OTG so you can connect hard drives or pen drives directly and use data stored there to play videos and more. 
Heating & Performance: 7/10
The phone does heat up when it charges battery, when you are on a call for long or doing something processor intensive such as multi-tasking or playing a game. It is not unbearable and similar to what I faced with the Samsung S3. As for performance, you have two modes, Balanced and Performance mode. In the balanced mode, it is sluggish and can at times hang on some apps, mine does on Murfie. In the performance mode, it is just slightly sluggish at times but most of the time fluent. Just remember to manually drop apps that you are finished using. 
Overall: 10/10
Considering the price tag of the phone, you better not expect a 10 by 10 in all departments but overall for the areas where it does average, it has plenty more where it excels. So for just 13k this is the best damn phone right now in the market and I am comparing it to phones as high as 17 to 18k. 
PS: Get the Graphene Armor ULTRA HD tempered glass to protect your screen, it does not detract from the screen in any way and also remember to download the 800MB update the moment you get your phone setup, it does take care of many issues previously mentioned by other reviewers. 
 It hangs frequently, Very slow phone , Heating Issues, MIUI user interface is quite annoying !! My personal experience and some of my friends too so guys never buy this Bullshit in 13000 RS !! 
 I have purchased this phone, made a complaint earlier and now after almost a month phone stopped working, 
You can dial a number but neither you can receive a call nor you can recive calls. 
Exptremely unhappy with the phone or the service. 
Reg 
 over heating during internet and camera use. battery is unsufficient due to over heating. fix this problem then phone will be excellent. 
 Like other customer, I too brought this phone after reading lot of reviews from different websites.  
The reviews below are long, but I thought that it might help someone for effective usage of product. The reviews below are intended for those who made up their mind for buying the product and blocked due to negative critics. 
The features of the phone is already mentioned everywhere and there is nothing to add into it. There were negative comments and my opinion is that there are no products in world which can satisfy 100 % customers. Even iphone 6 has few 1 star rating.  
Battery  It is 3000 mAH and it can easily stand up to 24 hours.( Note that the heavy usage is different from person to person.  
For some, heavy usage is playing games all the day where display as well as processor/ ram will be running at high speed. For some, it all about browsing and reading news papers. For some it is being active in social media for the whole day.So let me explain my scenario where it stood for 1 full day.(24 hrs)  
 Continuous messaging on whats app where I keep receiving and sending messages.  
 Play Asphalt 8 game for almost 1 hour a day 
 Check facebook along with few videos in posts, for approximately 30-45 minute each and also checking mails. 
 Read news papers of various languages for approx 2 hour a day 
 The syncing is on during the period for face book, whatsapp, gmail and corporate mail for the whole day. 
After reading battery usage statistics, ( phone data in 3g) 
Screen time on - 6 hours with 50 % brightness  
All other apps were running in background.  
There were days where it stood for more than 1.5 days where i have not played games during those period.  
Execellent and crisp display
Sunlight leigibility works as demonstrated
Excellent battery backup
Updated the software around 810 MB
light warm during Gaming 
No heating during making calls
Simply superb
Good notification led
Good camera 
Played hd games withiut any lag like asphalt 8  
+ Battery
+ Camera(front n rear)
+ UI
+ SCREEN :}
+ NO LAGS 
- No headphones
- lack of accessories in market 
Just go for it without any thoughts. Dont confuse by seeing the reviews as its getting heated like heater, i think some are new for this, so rating badly. 
IMPORTANT POINT:
After opening the box, use the phone with battery and drain completely. Charge the phone to 100% in switch off mode. ( Note  No overcharging or overnight recharge) Repeat the same for 3 cycles ( use and complete drain, then recharge). After 3 cycles, always charge the phone only when the battery is below 10 % and charge fully.  
Heating of Mobile is Common for first 2-3 days, use these 3 days heavily, 
 Hello everyone
I am using this product from 28th may, bought in recent sale and from the very first day I am facing the performance issues with my Mi 4i respective to Battery performance,Camera and most important phone speed performance.
As company said they installed Octacore Processor of top Brand snapdragon Quallcom but as per my experience it is very sluggish peformance.
even MY Moto E is performing very much fast than Mi 4i. 
So fellas advice for all think before buying that phone.
please check that phone before buying if any of your known having that Mi 4i. 
I will never recommend anyone to buy this phone,better to buy iphone 4s 8GB at same cost.
Atleast Apple having Brand value in the world. 
 I turned on the device and tried connecting to Wi-Fi but no network is being detected, when reported to Mi support they asked to reboot but no difference was seen.I called flipkart support and as they said their technician called back within half a day. 
Here's where it goes crazy, They asked me to perform a factory reset and I did which turned useless.Then they gave me link to download an APK so that they could remotely test it. I told them I couldn't do that because the issue itself was that I couldn't connect to Wi-Fi.
They asked me to use mobile Internet, for which I said that I don't have Internet on my sim card as this was my first smartphone, I didn't have it till now.
They say I'm supposed to have it one way or other.
Now even if I have the mobile network and they do fix the issue, why should I keep this piece which is faulty in the first place.
I hope they replace the product without aany melodrama.
 -Tired of speaking to them. 
 in my Mi4i since starting my mobile browser is not working, even i registered a complain then also i got no resolvement. Mobile browser is just basic thing to execute the how could i expect beyond.!! MI u r "Bowled" as in even 13K bucks this product didn't have external support! 
 This is my 4th day with this new phone .Look wise no doubt best phone in recent market.
feature wise also great .Mi really done fabulous job giving all best things in this budget.heating issue is also drastically vanished ,i would say not like earlier Mi phones.you will immediate updates from MI after you switch on the phone. 
Pros -
1.Looks wise very nice ,size is also very handy and portable
2.display is awesome
3.camera superb
4.battery is best ,it is giving almost 24 hrs even more than that if u r average user .i have not tested with high end gaming
5.light weight 
cons-no external SD card slot ( for me it is ok bcz you will have 12.5 GB to use ,i think this is enough for me ,you can also use external OTG for viewing movies or listening songs )
2.no screen guard with the box. 
 I purchased this mobile in the latest flash sale, once I turned on the mobile the phone was heating up like anything and I ran the update still had the issue. Called customer care they asked me to reset my phone did it, still the same issue. Asked me to run a smart check in my mob n they provided me the results I didn't see anything in my mobile. No refund for the mobile. DO NOT PURCHASE THIS MOBILE, CUSTOMER CARE IS JUST BOGUS. THEY ARE NOT READY TO HELP U. 
 i recieved the phone opened it. 
PROS:
1) premium build quality. looks sexy
2) best display
3) i love miui. it is awesome.
4) great camera software and hardware.
5) good battery backup.
6) moderate heating issue. thats normal with intensive usage.
CONS:
1) speakers are moderate. 
the phone is highly reliable and durable. mine was even dropped by me once but everything is fine.
costumer support is also good. 
must buy.
i am really happy after buying this phone.  
 Using since 1 week. 
Pros:
1.Slim & light weight
2.Very good front camera
3.Battery lasts for a day
4.Good call quality
5.Excellent display 
Cons:
1.Even after update, heating issue above normal level - while charging, playing games, camera on etc.
2.Power button too sharp, noisy, poor quality. We can even identify Mi4i user by his damaged finger tips after few weeks of usage!!
3.Wi-fi not getting connected - forcing me to use mobile data only
4.Rear camera seems to have samsung sensor & pictures are of 8 MP only - Zooming cause noisy images; camera protrudes out in upper part 
5.Speaker volume very low - have to place rear side up to be audible - otherwise ring tone may be missed.
6.Phone lags during playing subway surfer.
7.Poor RAM management - only 700 MB available for usage even after clearing cache
8.No colour flipcovers available at MI.COM
9.UI not so smooth as expected - hangs occasionally.
10.Too Tight chager port.
I wonder how they missed pathetic sharp buttons, rear camera protrusion, low speaker output & abnormal heating etc. - shows their quality contol. 
To conclude, not fully satisfied & I have the doubt whether it lasts for atleast 1 year. 
 Brilliant Display, Excellent UI, Nice sound, Slim and light - are some of the features of this phone. Its been a week since I bought this phone and haven't faced any issues so far. The phone responds really well and doesn't feel like a low priced one. The heating issue that everyone are complaining about doesn't occur after the update (800 mb). 
 you will never be satisfied.instead go for lumia 730 in this range.remember ppi density of 441 only will not satisfy you. 
 At the launch Mr, Hugo Bara created hype. pls dont go such trap of Flipkart and company.
13000 is matter, better put 1-2 K more and buy other known brand product with low configuration , even better compare to them and long losting.
Flipkart. 
1. First Thing Flipkart is not having return policy for that, they just make you irritate when you try to tell them your problem. so decide only you wanted to throw away ur money at any case.
2. People from Flipkart call center think you are a fool, so they will give silly solutions , like restrat the phone, clear the cache etc.
3. Quality of flipkart product is deteriorate now a days. i had made many purchase recently but need to return. 
Phone mi4i
1. Basic Call feature is not up to mark , like sound quality, speaker quality, vibration etc.
2. Battery drains badly(even after update to 805 MB crap) 3-4 hrs in 3g and continue use, normal 7-8 hrs
3. Camera is not sync with flash, flash is so high even can damage your eyes, but picture still dark.
4.Heating problem at ear
5. Camera Is good in daylight, shit in night with flush
6. While call MIUI hangs
7. Camera lags, slows.
8. not a strong device, may break even fall from pocket
good
front Camera, and display.
9. terrible network issue, My idea and airtell both are facing network issue in this phone, earlier good with samsung trend. 
SO dont purchase if you want for call feature, buy if want to click pics in full lights. 
Its genuine review after 5 days use. i will revise review/rating once there is any update which improve above difficulties   
 Awesome camera, beautiful display and after recent update, phone does not heat too much which was reported earlier by most users. Asphalt 8 Airborne runs smoothly on it without heating up phone back. Sound output is little low, but with other awesome features, this is really one of the great value for money phone. 
 tis is a product which has serious issue in the speaker phone ( volume negligible) and heating .
when i tried to returned it was impossible they wrote on my request closed as the issue resolved , which clearly is not the case.
their return policy is not upto the mark 
 A lot has been said about the product so i shall keep my review to the point,for the benefit of the prospective buyer:
INCORRECT PAST REVIEWS:
HEATING:do not believe the others' review of heating,there's a software update available when u log into the phone,install it-this takes time sure,but once u do,you're sorted.AND VERY IMPORTANT- THE PHONE DOESNT HEAT UP WHILE CHARGING.in no case is the very mild heat produced,greater than any samsung or sony phone.Hell my previous htc 1v heated up more.STOP MISLEADING IDIOT REVIEWERS 
PERFOMANCE:have no doubts in your mind that the phone would not live to the expectations.ppl have written that the gaming experience isn't good.the octa core processor was running 3 downloads of mine from utorrent,was moving my files from gallery and at the same time i was chatting on whatsapp,so please haters STFU
Features that i cant get enough of:(prime boasting grounds for the mi4i)
DISPLAY(the full hd display is surreal,its AWESOME)
CHARGER:HOLY SHIT THIS IS AMAZING,the charger is loaded with some serious power your phone charges up in minutes!!my friend charged his samsung smartphone with mi charger;in 8 minutes his phone had charged 39%.Enough said
BATTERY:the above being said,apart from the first time i've never needed to charge my phone from 0 to 100%(ps this depends on user to user usage,and therefore is subjective).point is my phone always has battery ALWAYS!
SCREEN SIZE & HANDLING(with a 5 inch 1920p screen the phone is outstandingly,unbelievably light;you'd be worried about the phone slipping out of your hand)
PROS:
PROCESSING(octa core of the phone silences all critics,put it up to test and you shall find out)
FAST-the phone is as fast as you would expect it to be.you'll feel sorry for yourself to have expected anything less at 13k.
DISPLAY:the display proves the phone's worth in gold.Watching movies,Videos,images is a treat.
CAMERA:SERIOUSLY,why are we even discussing this? :-D man i would've put up an elongated D if keyboards came up with such an option
CONS:amazingly the 4i defaults on the most basic stuff which u would expect to have no problems with,in any other phone
STORAGE:THIS IS THE ONLY PROBLEM WHEN YOU BUY THIS PHONE.SPECS STATE 12.7GB USER MEMORY AVAILABLE,ONCE YOU PORT IN YOUR 4i TO YOUR PC IT SHOWS ONLY9.5GB AVAILABLE.THERE'S NO MICROSD SLOT NO MEMORY CARD CAN BE INSTALLED AND U NEED TO CONNECT YOUR PHONE TO THE PC FOR TRANSFERRING DATA FROM YOUR OLD PHONE.
MUSIC PLAYER:the default mi music player doesnt have a shuffle or playlist option!are you kidding me?But rest assured,google play comes preinstalled,which works like a gem,so no problems there.
Conclusion:the only better phone in the market is htc 1 + 1(22k) and yes i mean that no other android phone can touch it.this product is aimed at changing the perception of consumers of "made in china".take my word for it.
by the way 1+2 is due for release. 
 Hi friends, 
 In 2015 it was my worst decision to buy Chinese mobile. I always preferred branded phone, but I don't know some how why I buy this useless and senseless phone. 
I buy phone on 23 of may And reviewd. 
1. battery backup not up to the mark I charge mi4i in a day at max 3 times. I have also samsung note 3 which battery work for a full day in 50% charge.note 3 battery is 3220 mah And 3120mah. 
2. Camera is good for day time. But in case of room it is not working.image colors like Chinese phone. 
3. 2gb ram is not up to the mark.it is working like 1 gb ram. Phone is slow and not working fast in heavy games. 
4. Phone heating problem .mi4i phone heat up to 55'C during play any andriod game, you can easly made a egg omelette at phone. 
5. Touch screen is not well. Some time touch not work. 
6.you can get one thing super , that is mobile look.it is good. 
I think mi4i should take back all phones and first try to solve problems. 
Plz plz plz plz don't buy .increase your budget and get some branded phone. 
I try many request to solve the problem or refund my hard earning money.  
 Features and specifications of the Mi4i is very good. But due to the lack of a detailed user manual, we are not able to use most of the newly provided features.  
Hard copy or soft copy of user manual in pdf fomart shall be provided immedietely. 
 I bought this Phone from the flash sale and certainly not happy with the day I received this phone with following reasons: 
1. Whenever you dial any calls , the screen goes blank and then you can't do anything and not even you can disconnect the phone from your end, unless someone from the receiving end doesn't disconect the phone, your screen will not re-appear.
The reason is because the screen guard is covering the proximity sensor which is causing this issue. Now tell me how can we use phone without a screen guard. 
Mi is offering free screen guard for its buyers , but its be around 10days since I placed my request for screen guard and haven't received it yet nor there is any tracking ID that was generated , so I have no idea how to track my request 
2. Heating issues : Mi4i get heats up as soon as you keep the phone on charging and suppose you want to receive or make any phone calls, then you are helpless because your ear will suffer due to heating issue.
Even if you use your phone for doing normal work like browsing internet then also phone heats up.
Yesterday there was an update released by Xiaomi which they claim will fix the heating issue, but even though I have installed the update it hasn't fixed my issue. 
I have also placed a return request with Flipkart for this phone which is going on since 10days , but Flipkart customer service response is very bad and there are no followups from their end. 
My honest advice to anyone who is planning to buy this Phone will be that : 
"Please do not buy this phone and look out for some other better options" 
 Worst phone... don't buy my dear friends. If you speak 2 mins in the hot sun, the phone is getting over heated like anything. even you can't touch the phone for sometime. i spoke and update the same to the filpkart, they said that you need to go service center. 
 I have been using this phone for the past 7days, the major issue is ringtone sound,
while on move I dont' hear the ring sound even after the sound is adjusted to
max level, even I tried my own ringtone with rocking sound. So I hardly attend any
incoming calls, in call log missed call list & outgoing are more than incoming calls.
kindly fix up the same 
 Please don't buy this phone
Its most heated device i have seen t ill date, like a Iron box.
And its causing problem connecting to google services and some websites.
Camera doesn't wort out well sometime, works wieredly
totally frustrated using this
Requested for return 3 days back, flipkart execuitives not responding properly which is even more frustrating
Don't buy this
Sorry to say this, for the first time i am experiencing bad customer responses from Flipkart. 
 Its a smart phone?? That does not allow you to configur exchange emails due to lack of encryption option!! Was shocked to know this. Its possible on even a 4000 Rs local smart phone. Though rest of the phone looks and feels good, this was a spoiler for me as its one of the most important feature for me and a lot of corporate employees am sure. 
Still chasing to get a refund. 
 pros:build quality,display,battery(only on balanced mode) 
cons: Lag in camera,software bug,sim-card heats as phone heat and no basic incoming call function not working.,speaker place on bottom is very bad, 
I suggest not to buy this product till higher memory and heating issue resolved.
I waited for almost 6 months after Mi3 and get this crap instead of flagship.
 snapdragon 615 is not good processor,its laggy. 
 Completely let down product. It just hang so much then heat so much. Some time noo sim shows. Total failure as far my experience is concerned. 
 yes , the phone is really good to hold, good display, and really good cam.Really good selfie cam and rear cam is also good.  
but , heats up while charging the phone , when camera app is on and while playing games. and no expandable memory
and lags while loading some apps like wechat and some other apps, dont know the reason. moto g 1st gen loads the same version of wechat much faster.  
You get 901 Mb of ram available when no app is running , ie the os itself takes 1 gb of ram. which is sufficient for normal users. 
Dont understand this octa core thing, it eats up battery , heats up alot and gives much lower perfomance . They could have used a Snapdragon 801 instread which would have been better. 
 I feel the the Fone is Good instead of the Main speaker Low sound . I have compared with this other fones . I have made a return request.  
Does any one also have same problem ? 
 MiUi again ruined another amazing phone Xiaomi launched!
It looks like Xiaomi is not willing to mend it's generic UI issues which spoils every model they launch even today. 
Cons:-
1 - LAGGY and SLUGGISH user interface. There is a noticeable lag in everything you operate, right from performing basic tasks to opening new apps.
2 - Basic apps close down while multi-tasking.
3 - Only around 750Mb of RAM available! I don't understand what is the use of purchasing a phone with 2Gb of RAM when all of it is consumed by the system itself!
This implies that how much you spend and upgrade the hardware, it is of no use if you have such an inefficient software.
4 - Rear speaker volume tooooo lowwww! I think Hugo Barra saved a million by providing such useless speakers! Forget about listening music, get ready to miss most of your calls in the slightest of a noisy environment.
5 - MiUi is obsessed with apple and iOS till date. Grow up! 
Pros:-
1 - Great camera (Both) and dual tone flash.
2 - Nice Full HD display.
3 - Good battery backup.
4 - Good looks and design. Slim phone with thin bezels. 
 Very fast delivery from Flipkart. I got it in a day. Very happy with service of Flipkart but the back cover and screenguard could have been provided by same seller WSR unfortunately for these you havo to lookout for other sellers. I booked screen guard and back cover on same day of this item booking but still i didn't get the items its already 5 days and they are still in transit. 
Writing this review based on 5 days of usage of Mi4i.
Both cameras are good.
Good touch response.
Smooth performance - No lags. 
Pathetic thing is it Heats up a lot when playing games, using internet, Using camera and charging :( 
Battery depends on usage.. Continuous usage will last for 5 to 6 hrs.. Medium user can get complete day.. and if used only for calls then will get for 2 days approx. 
Dual sim standby works perfectly. 
Due to heating issue i will not recommend to buy this as heating device annoys a lot. hence i have given only 3 stars. 
 Received phone 2 days ahead of committed delivery date. 
Phone is excellent.
Good Screen resolution.
Good photos with camera.
Very light weight.
Good battery life. 
No heating issues so far. 
Only concern is low sound of speakers. Very low sound on Ring tone compared to my old Samsung phone. 
 The worst ever phone I have purchased so far. I was duped by the display which is the only factor to be accepted. Please do not buy. The phone is heating so quick and even without playing games also. You can't even speak with the phone near by your ear. Your ear will burn out. My 13000 is gone with the wind. Please do not by. The registration is only to create an artificial demand. The reviews are paid and don't be fooled by them. 
 I have unpack it 2hrs before but m not able to use it as the screen going black repeatedly...
Very disappointed.....
Instead of using this i am now thinking to go on with my current phone which is Redmi 1S,its much more better than it. 
 No doubt the phone is good and camera quality is really awesome BUT heating issue is there on calling. I have been using this phone from last 10 days and on call the battery temperature goes to 42 degree I feel like the phone going to blast at any time on calls. So I can say its just wastage of money. 
 I am using Mi 4i since 2 weeks.  
Camera was excellent.
Excellent Smartphone with lightweight.
Easy to handle the phone. 
MIUI will give you a pleasant experience. 
Excellent battery backup. It will last at least 36 hours for light usage.  
Initially I face some heating issues on setting he phone.
Later I updated it with the latest OTA of 802 MB and did a factory reset, Now there is no heating issue also everything is working fine. It works flawlessly.
Now I recommend this to my friends without hesitation. 
Please ignore the comments of people who are not aware of how to update the smartphones and please go for it.. A beautiful beast..  
Thanks for Xiaomi for excellent smartphone with reasonable price. 
 Every thing is good expect heating problem and Nobody would like to have a phone which heats even on talking. 
 After clicking two images rear camera stop working. Rest phone is ok. But not getting proper support from flipkart even after many contacts my has not been replaced. 
 Heating Problem while using Internet 
Phone off automatically and dont know what to do 
No Headset 
No Screen Guard  
 Hello, 
I got this product within 3 days of purchase and I have been using it since 02nd May 2015 till date (13th May 2015). Personally, I am not feeling so happy owning a Mi 4i phone for the following reasons. However, there are some pros as well. I will list out both: 
Pros: 
1. I noticed that the battery life is excellent. I start my day (09:00 AM) by charging my phone for an hour (approx.) It gets charged from 20% - 85% within an hour. I use whatsapp for 3 hours in total, games for 0.5 hrs, calls for 1 hour and others apps for 0.5 hours in total. By 23:00, the battery life will be 30% still.  
2. The looks & design of the phone is good. It cannot miss anybody's attention while passing by and everybody opens up camera immediately and they say "wow". They call it even light weight. Its just 130gms against Moto g2 149gms and redmi note 4g 175gms.
Its plastic back cover isn't too strong but it looks sturdy. It has however passed drop tests (Check out some videos in youtube). 
3. Primary camera is good and secondary camera is good. However, if there is low light, say night shots under tubelight condition has pixels. But if its good lighting, people ask "Can I will borrow your phone for taking some pictures". Its that good. Also it comes with time lapse and slow motion video camera. However shutter is slow and quick moving objects are blurred. 
4. 2gb RAM is fast enough and good for all gamers. Asphault 8 looks stunning and there is not even a single lag. I just faced 0.5 seconds lag once till date. 
5. You get constant updates from MI on the software and it will keep coming in as long as lollipop is evolving better. So no need to worry about small small complaints. 
6. Phone is handy to hold and to operate and the resolution of the screen is rich.  
Cons: 
1. The most concerned issue - heating. Yes, even I face it. Right from starting to play asphault 8 and upto half an hour, the phone heats up mild (say upto 30 degrees celcius). However, it is comparitely mild and you will definitely ignore it. Same was the case if you were taking pics for half an hour. However if you are charging your phone, it heats up till 40 degrees and you cannot keep the phone on your pocket immediately or can you switch on internet data immediately as this will further heat up the phone. After making 1 hour call, the phone was still cold. But to console you, even iphone heats up and you may expect some updates in the future for this. 
2. The plastic back cover case is not so sturdy and there are no cases available in the market till date. So use it carefully until market opens. 
3. The volume keys and lock key are strong and is difficult to press. Don't know if it can last for a long time. 
4. The touch of the screen is in general good, but at times it changes sensitivity on its own and can open up some apps on its own or type something which you never typed. 
5. The screen is fixed to set brightness yet I see that the brightness changes on its own. This is really disappointing. Within seconds of me operating, the brightness increases or decreases. 
6. The 16gb internal memory although might look big enough space for some normal users like me. Its only 10gb that finally reaches on hand and downloading games such as asphault eats away 1.5gb of space. So if you are a heavy gamer, its not recommended considering the memory constrainst. 
7. Finally, don't know if its my set's problem. The videos I shoot and upload on the internet has a green bar on the left hand side of the screen whereas the shot video is crystal clear in the gallery. I have to check on mi 4i forums about it or directly call customer care about it. 
Decision: My personalized opinion is you can buy this phone if you are fine to change your phone within a year and also you are fine with the above mentioned concerns. However, you do not get a phone of this price for the specs they offer. Moto g2 or leveno A7000 has its own cons and the decision to compromise is on your own choice. Also I have mentioned all criteria as far as possible. Do not read all the comments and confuse yourselves further :-) I don't feel proud buying Mi 4i for other phones. 
 I have brought this phone on 30th April and received on 4th May. Phone is not at all worth of 13K. You can get better deal then this crap. Phone heats after charging, Touch screen is worst, Charges is having other issue. Overall product is waste. No quality checks are done by Xiaomi. Overall, I will suggest people to stay away from this product. 
 A fantastic and desirable phone... if not for the major disappointment. 
It heats at the ear piece - above the screen on the front side. That's the last place we want the heat as that hurts the very sensitive ear skin. It heats when charging and when used for browsing or some activity on the phone for abt 10 minutes. But it doesn't heat even during long calls. 
It is a shame for such a device we'd love to own. Slim, light, powerful, almost scratch proof, all around, great great screen, amazing battery, fantastic cameras... great call quality, beautiful and very very well thought of MIUI. 
My replacement phone too heats the same way. In fact, maybe a little more than the first one. End of the day, I cannot use this as a smart phone where I work on the phone and pickup a call while working as the ear piece area would be hot by then. 
 Unbearable heating and lagging in performance issue makes the phone worst in available.  
Playing games like Subway surfer for few minutes 2-3 makes the phone lag in its performance with heavy heating. Even I can't compare the performance of MI 4i from Micromax Canvas A1. 
It takes a huge time for charging while MI claims for fastest ever charging for this phone. From 2 to 36 % of charging It takes 2 hours. There is no comparison of iPhone 6 battery back up with this poor phone. 
RAM management is not good. Phone always uses 1.5 GB of RAM. 
Camera, UI, build quality is good. 
 I bought this for my mother who will obviously not be using it for intense games and high load apps.My purpose was to order a budget phone with good camera and specs (atleast 2GB RAM and atleast HD resolution).
I ordered it on 7th and got it on 12th April and this is my first Xiomi experience.
I use Galaxy S4 so I compared Mi4i with it.Below is how I would be rating this : 
1.Camera : 
Primary camera 13 MP: is good if you are clicking pics in daylight.Pictures taken at night or absolute darkness were not so good.Reason : average flash light(flash light range is not so good and the other thing is dual flash which makes things a bit yellowish, this is what i think).
I have not used this in low light etc. as who clicks pics in low light and all.
Secondary camera 5MP : is okay.I observed before clicking, picture appeared pretty good on screen but after you click and actually take the pic you will see some noise.I don't know the exact reason.
Verdict : Camera is good as per price range. 
2.Sound:
Sound as reviewed my many people is less.Less here does not mean very less but comparatively less than other phones.It was just a bit less than my S4.
In headphones it appears to be good and loud like other phones.
Verdict : sound from phone speaker is on a lower side. 
3.Screen :
Screen is very good as it says it is 1080p display.But still it is not as vibrant as Samsung's AMOLED or Super Amoled.
Those who are using it for the first time will find it impressive and again I would say it is very good.
Verdict : Screen is pretty good. 
4.Heating:
Normal heating : a person using smartphone will never say that it heats like heater and all.It is just normal :I used the phone for about 4 hrs in a stretch both with and without updation to new software and both ways I found it like other smartphones in term of heating.I surfed the net while chargin,used the cam,played music,used Bluetooth etc. 
Verdict : normal heating like other smartphones. 
5.Look and Feel :
White colour, slim and light weight with a pretty common rectangular shape.
But I found it as a good to hold product.
Verdict : looks good and and provides nice grip. 
6.Battery : 
There is some contradiction the site says it is 3120mah but the phone box says it is 3030mah.Not sure what exactly the capacity is.
Still I think the battery is good enough and will be giving ample backup.
Verdict : Can't say much have to use the phone for about a month to actually get to know the exact standby etc. new batteries rarely cause any issue 
7.Defect :
Please check the phone thoroughly for any defects.I was disappointed when I used the phone at night and found light coming from a place where it should not be coming from.
Below the capacitive buttons at the phone's bottom.
I mean it is like the phone is not thoroughly packed or sealed though again the box has QC Checked. 
Overall the package is good but guys check the product thoroughly as soon as you receive it.I already made a request for replacement hoping I would be a happy customer soon from a disappointed one.  
 I have received phone within said period. It is amazing and best phone with these features.
but i have found that this phone has weak sound quality,,,, such low sound even if you set setting to full.
hard to hear and ring when there is incoming calls. 
I am giving three star for all features, fast access, great touch and light weight.
deducted two stars for sound quality.  
 The phone itself performs as expected,most of the shortcomings are clearly given in the description and reviews so no stars lost for that 
The SOLE reason its a 3 star and not 5 is that there is an undisclosed limitation, where this phone does not allow for a PIN of more than 4 digits. Many corporates require a longer PIN, Android supports it, yet Mi4i does not. None of the popular reviews point this out, the product description does not either, so keep in mind, a PIN more then 4 digits is NOT supported 
 I had placed order for Xiomi Mi4i mobile on Flipkart website and was delivered in record time of 4 days. I was so happy to receive the consignment well packed and looked forward to its usage immediately after having read the product information published on the Flipkart website. While the phone looks very cute and weighs very less, I tried the BSNL micro SIM card. The handset took a longtime to boot and ultimately I was thrilled to see the screen lit up brightly. While the connectivity tower glowed to the full I wanted to test for the Data connectivity. Alas, it was a big disappointment! The handset could not detect the 2G/3G signals despite my trying all sorts of adjustments in the Settings. Even tried the SIM of Airtel but no improvement at all as regards the Data connectivity. Occasionaly there was a flash of the 3G connectivity which disappeared as quickly as it appeared. I read the review of other purchasers and noted that they are also facing the same problem of non detection of 2G/3G signals by the handset. I wonder whether it will pick up 4G signals at all as I can do not intend to switch to 4G immediately. I have requested for replacement which Flipkart is yet to accept as they would like to discuss with me before accepting the replacement order. I wonder why we should go through all this ordeal of booking in advance and then wait for the countdown till 2pm only to be saddled latter with such useless handset. Will Flipkart arrange for immediate replacement as it is within their return policy?. 
 got this from the second flash sale....AND I DIDNT UPDATED IT YEt......used the whole day and now the charge was 3% .... the temparature is just 39 degrees... do you know what that means ...i used it with full brightness camera mobile data...wifi...everything continously for 19 hours i watched movie,,,played asphalt,,,neo 3 then shot a hd vedio of 20 min and its very low temparature no lag nothing NO HEATING 
might the other users got other device mine is PICTURE PERFECT as of launch...GO FOR IT the best Xiaomi the best Xiaomi product....True price tag for a flagship... 
 I have bought more than 10 devices of MI from flipkart. All are good.
Specially this is very good for 13k. Build quality is very good and very light weight and we can easily use it in single hand. 
 Got this on first flash sale.Will come directly to the point as specs are clearly mentioned. 
1.No Heating issue : Please update the software , around 800Mb, and it should be fine , had updated as soon as I got phone.I did not experience any heating issu not sure why many people have commented that. 
2.Phone easily runs for 1 day (Full day 3g + around 6hrs of WIFI + 3hrs of Future Fight game + 3-4 hrs of browsing(screen time)) 
3.There is some lag in UI, and after having the screen guard on (unofficial), it becomes unresponsive. Waiting for the original Screen Guard , will update once I get that. 
4.Call Quality,looks and the sound output when connected to headphones are awesome.
Phone speaker is not that great actually below average. 
Overall very good phone at this range. Cannot expect more at 12,999k. 
If you are planning to buy phone for less than 20k this one has no competition. 
 There were two reasons I ordered the phone, the promising 13MP camera and the FullHD display and man am I impressed. The camera is top notch in every way, be it picture quality or other features! It even has a manual mode! The flash works pretty well, giving out the same results that a DSLR would give in low light. Without the flash, though, there is quite a bit of noise which can be compromised with. The selfie camera is also very good, the pictures are comparable to those from iPhone. 
The display is brilliantly crafted as well. Perfect colors, size and lighting. 
To add to these, the battery is quite long lasting, the body is slim and sleek, the sound quality is good (speaker isnt too loud, but very clear), and the UI is beautiful (takes one day to get around, but you'll love it).
To sum it up, you cannot get a more sophisticated, value for money device for this price. 
Cheers Xiaomi. Waiting for my freebie screen guard! 
 Excellent over all performance , major limit is there is no memory expansion option, only 12.23 gb space is available for user,  
Expecting next model of same with memory expansion 
 I received phone on 6th May ..first of all i Charged it to 100% then i installed OTA update 6.5.3.0 which i Pre-downloaded on my PC & Clear Cache in Mi recovery . then i installed all Apps & check All Apps working. i have no Problem No Heating , No Lagging , only one Minus Point Speaker Sound is bit low ...but for me its enough. 
Pros. 1. 5-inch smartphone ,compact, slim, lightweight
 2. extra bright display, the slim OGS glass panel and the Sunlight Display
 3. Performance: Fast but not optimal
 4. Camera: Impressive! high quality sensors, fast response excellent HDR
 Cons. 1 . storage issue only 16 GB
 2. Low Sound output 
I recommend it to Buy everyone , i dont recommend it for Power Users 
 Its awesome phone .
Pros :-
Display is awesome 
4G
Battery 
And design 
Phone quality is excellent .
Cons :-
Low memory no expandability
 But if we have a otg pen drive its okay .
With blind u can go for it ... 
This is my first review I never written reviews .this phone and its quality made me to write .... I am fully satisfied with it ...  
 Little heating issue in this phone bt aftr update it will resolve...
Execellent and crisp display
Sunlight leigibility works as demonstrated
Excellent battery backup
Updated the software around 810 MB
light warm during browsing
i also quite confused to get or not but got it and checked warm is there during browsing.
No heating during making calls
Simply superb
Good notification led
Good camera
Played hd games withiut any lag like asphalt 
Just go for it without any thoughts. Dont confuse by seeing the reviews as its getting heated like heater, i think some are new for this, so rating badly. 
 I got this phone few days back and was excited to experience an affordable beast. With a single day use I was fully satisfied with the performance until I turned on the Primary Camera to shoot some pictures and videos. 
The camera is average quality but the biggest issue is the camera software, it has the "Slow Motion" feature to capture and view the recorded video in slow motion. But it has bugs and most of the times you will get a black screen or blinking black/white screen while using this feature.
I immediately reported this to flipkart and they arranged a replacement. But I don't think a replacement will work because the other Mi 4i phone my brother-in-law received has exactly the same issue making me believe that the whole lot is defective. 
I hope Xiami fixes this issue by pushing a software update ASAP. 
i will give 5 stars to this product if the camera issue is fixed. 
 Mi4i a brilliant product and as claimed a flagship. Really reminds me of iphone instantly the moment you switch it and use it. All said and done , beautiful specs, light weight etc....the problem is you cant hold it for long. It heats tremendously. Big problem with the phone. You simply cant use it.  
So a dilemma, what to do ? You like to keep such a phone but you are not able to keep it. If these guys can make good this issue, its a fabulous phone to have and makes a statement. 
 I searched lot of mobile phones before buying it and would like to say that it is really a awesome awesome mobile phone produced by Xiaomi. I bought this mobile on 30th of April and it got delivered to me on 4th of May via standard ekart delivery. 
The moment I opened the box I observed a wow factor. I am using this mobile from last 3 days very rigorously with both the SIM's active and 3G on all the time on second SIM and getting a very decent battery life around more than one day easily (although I am not a heavy gamer but using rest all the features like fb,chat, emails, web browsing, camera shots, wifi, Bluetooth etc.) 
As far as the mobile display is concerned I haven't seen any display as good as this one even in a 20K price range. Phone slightly heats up during heavy use but it is not something which is not manageable. 
Phone feels very premium in hand and very easy to operate with only one hand.
MIUI 6 is having many useful features and customization which you will not find in any stock Android. I was using Samsung S4 before it and trust me this phone is lot better than that even it is half of it's price. 
Guys if you are looking for some mobile in 15-20K price range then go for this one instead and trust me you will not regret.. 
 Well, this is an edit over my previous review. I received the product on 5th May, 2015 & using it since. And I was very angry at that time because the phone has no native video calling option. Later, I found that from Android KitKat 4.4.4, native video calling option was removed from Android. So here's my honest review about the product. 
Phone is good, light weight, great display, good amount of RAM, good front camera, battery charges quick & lasts more than 1 day. 
Phone is bad, it gets warm, but that's not called heating. No expandable memory option, tried lots of OTG thumb drives, but doesn't support all, rear camera is not up to the mark. 
After purchasing the phone, I went through online reviews & comparisons of this phone to other phones with same configuration, & found that this is the best phone amongst them in almost every department. Maybe in a few weeks, there might be a winner over Mi 4i. But till then, why not enjoy the moment? 
And please do update your phone's firmware. I did myself & found lot of performance & heating issue resolved over these updates. Current updated firmware version is 6.5.6.0, & my phone doesn't even get warm like it used to. 
Hope I might able to help you taking decision over buying this phone with this review. 
Thank you. 
 Well, as many of you might have posted about the 11gb of storage space out of the 16gb, I personally feel that if you know a bit of data management, it will very useful to manage the storage issue. On top of that yiou get a hell lot of space in the cloud to archive your data. The simple option of OTG helps to reduce the pain of carrying heavy and bulky files on the device. 
Using the device for roughly 3 days has given me a fair amout of idea about the basic features and the MIUI has helped me customise the device according to my needs. The phone has not yet got a charge post a full charge day before yesterday. I am still having about 46% juice left at this point of time when I am typing the review. Camera is superb, both the selfie and the rear! The new feature of sunlight display really works when using the device outdoors.  
Overall a great device with a great battery and superb processor speeds. I am not a gaming person, so I do not have complints from the heating perspective. 
PROS: 
camera
battery life
processor
MIUI
android lollipop
sound reproduction 
CONS:
didnot notice any yet! 
 I would rate it to 2.5/5 when compared from the overall aspects:
Heat Issue: The backside of the gadzet goes for a toss while on Internet Connection via Mobile Data \ Wifi.
Voice Recording: The recorded sound is quiet low when it comes to relisten the recorded Voice/ Interview.
Camera: The precision is not scaled up to the mark on default parameters when it already has so high Camera lens capacity.
Space \ Capacity: By default the new handset shows 10.5 GB Free space out of 16 GB which is quiet surprising when really checked in actuals. 
 Everything is great and near perfect but phone heats to extreme even in standby mode and while charging. Haven't installed any app but will review after using some games and apps. 
 Best mobile.Battery life is good.
No heating problem.
Downloading was very good while installing apps
compared to other mobiles.
Photo clearity is best. 
 I have good experience of 2 Mi phones, still I was little cautious while ordering Mi 4i.
But I was surprised once I received the phone. It is very light weight and smaller in size.
All the Pros given by Mi as well as others stand true, so I will not talk about it again.
I will say it is a good phone for a given price point, though price is little higher.
Price should be little lower, 11999/- or Mi Band should be given along with the phone. 
In fact, I will discuss cons (or not positive points) in detail.
- Screen size: 4.92 inches as against claim of 5 inch. But then PPI is increased, which is good!!
- AnTuTu Benchmark score: 39540 marginally less as against claim of 40253
- Sim card tray is not of good quality
- Memory: 16 GB. Internal storage: 11;9 GB, available is 9.4 GB (I feel Mi should increase the built-in memory)
- I observed little heating at the back cover. But cant argue with it. Only metallic bodies can disseminate heat faster. Most of the new phones bound to have heating problem.
- RAM: 2 GB. Available RAM is less than 1 GB
- Non-removable battery 
 i was using the phone from past 2 days .
have seen lotz of guys writing reviews regarding heating.
yeahh the phone heats but not heavy (u need to update the software to latest version 
{{{ MIUI 6.5.3.0(LXIMICD) |STABLE }}}  
then the issue got resolved TO SOME EXTENT ) 
and the display 441 ppi was amazing 
13 mp and 5mp are awesomne u'l be getting good shots  
and one con is no memory card but no issue i can manage with out memorycard  
and i'l update the complete review soon  
tq
shadulla  
 Very good phone . 
1) Battery is outstanding. 
2) No lags 
3) rear camera is good . front camera is Outstanding. ( I have got a maximum number of like when I posted a selfie taken from its front cam :) )
4) touch is very good
5) extremely light weight
6) very elegant looks . But its a bit slippery (it doesn't matters as anyways one is going to buy a flip cover for it)
7)10.5 gb of memory ( fair enough for me)
8) only issue is the Heating issue. But I Can live with it. In fact I have now started using it as a phone and also for ironing my clothes ;) .  
Verdict- If you can live with a bit of heating Problem ( Its not that much as people have exaggerated), Then u should surely go for it. 
 Just got mi 4i.
initially at strting steps it started to heat up, and believe me you wont like to hold your phone. then during operations it lagged sometime, during charging it was heating, durin calls it was heating. its like a heating machine.
Pros : 
premium look.
really awesome display, similar to iphone displays.
touch very simple and smooth.
performance is good enough but heats a lot.
cons :
heating and only heating.
low speaker sound cant hear from beyond 7-10 meter. 
if you want only good screen buy it.
if you dont want to hurt youself during light phone use then dont buy it. it heats a lot and i mean it.i was unable to operate.
no and headphones. 
 nice phone bt mine had problem in speaker
when ever i plug in usb ,the sound in phone internal speaker reduced
basically the speaker connections were faulty
requested a return 
 My first MI phone,
Best design,
Best quality product,
High performance in low price,
I love this phone,
It's really awesome.........  
 i ordered on the first sale and got delivered on Saturday itself thanks for flipkart fast delivery after switching on the mobile i noteced that the backlight of the menu key not working then i requestewd for a replacement and it also deleverde in 2 days 
this one is perfect 
my overall rating ,for phone is 4 star only if they had micro sd card slot i would definetly give 5 star 
 Thanks flipkart 4 such an amazing phone... in mid range price.
I got my package yesterday and was bit worried when i saw reviews about its heating problem.. 
I found this phone very smooth and there was a lil bit heating but as i updated the phone i found this phone very cool.. 
guys go for it... 
Bit disappointed as there was no screen gaurd in the box.. 
 I have been using the phone for 2 days (and almost non stop, as you guys know hows with a new gadget, installing apps and exploring) It's not getting more warm than any other smartphone out there. Every smartphone gets a little warm on moderate to heavy use; as simple as that. I have been facing issues with the Onedrive app, i.e. files won't open. It constantly shows no network connection. Thats just for this one app. Apart from that the phone works good as expected (Its not iPhone 6 or Galaxy 6). Personally I prefer Google Now Launcher over the standard launchers of each manufacturer. Camera is very good, not great (I was using Lumia 920 earlier, am missing the camera already). 
 Hello guys 
This is the perfect phone in 5 inch display in this price range.
Having an awesome display with performance, battery life, smooth touch and with a nice camera, you cant get more than this in this price. Yes, it heats a bit if you are a heavy user but not too much and its bearable for what you are getting for 13K.
The game play and calls were also smooth. 
Altogether an awesome phone. Go for it... 
 This will be my second best phone after Mi 3. Mi 3 was amazing, great smooth experience. 
 Mi 4i still is one of the best phone under 15k mark at the moment. 
 Does heat a bit during gaming and charging but Mi 3 did too but less than this. BTW all high end phones does get warm in similar circumstances and hot Indian weather. 
 16 GB is the only con with this phone but works for me, not much into mobile gaming and mobile videos you see, sufficient enough for me.  
 Camera is just pure awesome, better than the Mi 3.  
 Processing good but falls short of Mi 3.  
 Dual 4G stand by is God send for me. 
Hope Xiaomi provides 32 GB version soon and please provide the cases which were shown in the Mi 4i keynote speech by Hugo. 
Thanks a lot to Xiaomi and Flipkart. 
 Undoubtedly, it is the best smartphone under Rs 13,000
sunlight display is something i have never seen in any phone!!
please go for it if you can get it on the next sales on 7th may..
waiting for the mi band flash sales tomorrow at 2.  
 bright screen
lack of storage (mine came with only 10.5 gb of available storage)
processor slower than that on mi3(snapdragon 800)
good performance
SLIM PROFILE
excellent matt finish
best value proposition in the segment 
 Performance is really good and the screen very clear and crisp. No lags no matter how much you multitask. Sound quality is fine and camera is quite good. This is a killer deal @13k !!!!! ...almost a steal :) 
 Hello All, 
This is the best ever phone i have used till now.. Its user interface is simply superb..
Ok Lets talk about the pros:
1. Display is very crisp
2. User interface is something superb
3. Camera is awesome even in low light condition
4. Battery backup is excellent
5. Style.. something superb
6. Excellent call clarity
7. No lag
8. Touch is so smooth 
Cons:
1. No earphone, screen guard etc.. in the box is very disappointing. 
If someone is planning to buy a phone which is value for money.. Then don't have second thought.. Just buy this phone  
Flipkart: U guys are superb with respect to packing, speedy delivery etc.. Keep it up 
 Pros: 5 inch Sun light Display; 2GB RAM;Build Quality; Camera 13MP Rear, 5MP front,
Dual Flash 
Cons: No Ear phones, Avg Sound quality in speaker 
 Camera: So damn clear and super fluent.... 
Performance: Superfast and just awesome 
Battery life: not tested yet but expecting the same as its all other features are soooo smooth....  
Value for money... 
 This is one decent mobile you can get for a given price range. Very light in weight, works fast but I noticed that it gets hot after using it for some time.
I wanted a phone with a screen size of not more than 5" and which packs a punch.
Thanks Xiaomi for offering a phone at such a competitive price. 
Pros:
The design is slick and neat.
Front camera is not that great.
Light in weight.
Good price for the specification. 
Cons:
Gets heated up after using it for some time.( Hope it will be sorted in next update)
No memory card slot. 
Will update the review for performance post I use it for few more days. 
 Pros:
Front Camera
Design & looks 
Cons:
Memory ( 10.58GB ROM & appox.900 MB user space RAM) 
Some times Heating issues (Hope MI will give some update)
High SAR 
Overall, Just Ok type of mobile for this price. 
 I never want to mention about the specs as Flipkart already did it! Flipkart delivered the product in 2 days! When I first booted the phone, as others said, it got heated! But as we use, the phone never gets heated too much except while charging! The display is great! The phone's performance is extraordinary! The MIUI is buttery smooth! No need of extra launchers!
PROS:
Everything (Camera rocks)
CONS:
Heating issues 
 Just got the product. Awesome delivery by flipkart. Although i bought two from different id's .IDK why they did not deliver the second one.
For the time being the phone looks and amazing and the feel is just nonparallel. 
There are some lags but mostly due to over usage. 
Will review properly after a while. 
Worth the money. Buy it  
 Defective product deliver.
Delivery is also not gud. I takes 20 days to deliver.
But in my location it takes 3 to 4 days.
When i call customer care they said due to sale days it takes more days. I also buy a phone from snapdeal during sale they takes 4 days to deliver. Very gud very gud snapdeal.
Never buy from flipkart 
 This phone's normal temperature is about 40 degree celsius(while no apps running) even when the surrounding temperature is 28 degree celsius. The temperature can easily go up to 48 degree celsius if you play games like Asphalt 8 for about 15 minutes.
Flipkart's return policy is of no use, so don't think that if you are facing issues like heating or hanging they will return the phone. They have started a long procedure in which they will check your phone through an app and say that your phone has no issue. Then they will ask you to get a validation from Mi service center that the device is faulty. Mi service center will change your MiUI (6.6.10 to 6.4.10, if you think it is update!!) and the device will start heating abnormally which is fine from Mi point of view because they consider temperatures only above 50 degrees as abnormal temperature.
So, if you think 45-50 degree is normal temperature then go for Mi 4i. 
 gets heated up with just 2 mins of normal use. You use this as an Iron BOX . Very disappointed. 
Pros:
1) amazing specs
2) New UI  
Cons:
1) Heats like a iron box
2) FlipKart return Policy... Ufff executive keeps rejecting the return sating smart check application doesn't show anything . we have to xioami service center for some stupid acknolewdge.. Than they will approve.. 
Veryyyy Disappointed with Flipkart!!! 
 Got my Mi4i this evening.
Pros:
Excellent responsive touch.
Sharp and crisp images.
Above par camera.
Reasonably fast.
Cons:
No headset. 
Problems faced:
Heating on the top, making it uncomfortable to ear.
O/g calls do not get connected, and get dropped with a ping. Sometimes, call gets connected. No pattern was observed. My o/g success rate is less than 20%. Tried calling numbers in my home itself. If this continues, may have to return the phone.
I/c calls issue is there. It says "phone switched off" even when the phone is on.
In both cases, signal strength was showing FULL. Tried setting in 3G mode overriding default LTE mode, but to no avail.
This can be verified from my call history, which I have not erased.
I have chosen to return the mobile and ask for refund of money.  
 I got this phone on saturday and observed the following issues.
1. Phone heats up on net usage.
2. Response leg is observed overall phone's response is similar to Lenovo A6000.
3. Gaming: The worst part on this phone. I installed Subway Surfer and I am unable to play as it got stuck many time during running. Overall gaming is not smooth even my older phones are better than this.
4. Display is crisp and clear
I will give only 1 star for its display.  
 i check that antu benchmark score 
1 time 38k
after that 2 time score 20k
phone is too much heating not bear that hand 
front camera is extraordinary
display is awesome everybody did not believe that beat note 4 display i have it also said
display is awesome 
build quality excellent 
very compact slim
over heating issues 
most important thing operating system is 64 bit 
if you bear heat can u buy it
battery backup excellent in the day heavy use 
video recording excellent quality
wifi browsing no get heat 3g use get heat
wheal use camera & game play get too much heating
software design also super many option is there 
only heat issue   
 At first I would like to say Im a geek and im too much into tech and all so this review is heavy This phone is great in terms of features.good product, very slim and weight less.................................... 
 I got this phone 2 days after booking. I'm happy with the design, Display, Camera and I didn't see any heating issues like many have mentioned. It is the best phone in it's class. Just go for it. 
 Yes a big loss. bought this phone on the occassion of big billion day and like the other three devices i bought from Flipkart i.e Lenovo A6000 plus, Mi4i and Ambrane Powerbank all the devices turned out to be defective now pursuing after the so called easy return policy, hopefuuly some good will be done to the loss caused to me. sincere request do not risk your money here.
if i get money refunded i shall not hesitate to thank by rewriting a review. 
 Brilliant phone at this price. 
Pros:
1.Display: Best Display any device can provide under 20k.
Colors are very natural and specially in sunlight(Sunlight display is incomparable to any device). 
2.Camera: Both Rear and Front Camera take brilliant shots. Colors are very natural and very less noisy even in low-light. Dark room flash shots are above expectation. The Dual-tone flash just works perfect.
Video: Video recording is also up to the mark. 
3.Design & Built: The best design for a 5 inch phone. Very decent and comfortable to hold. Doesn't slips from hand at all and gives a premium look. 
4.Gaming: Very good high end gaming experience. 
5. Call Quality: Call quality on this device is just brilliant. 
6.Audio: Audio output from speaker is pretty decent. With earphones sound is very good. 
Cons:
1. Missing external SD Card Support. (The biggest con) 
2.Performance: Performance is very good in Performance mode but very slightly glitchy in Balanced mode just sometimes. Still looking at the price to performance ratio it's pretty decent. 
3.Audio output from speaker is a little low. 
NOTE:
This review is after the latest firmware update MIUI 6.5.6.0:- which solves all the heating issues while gaming. 
Great buy at 13k.  
 People,
 Bought this phone for my bro on the first ever sale of Mi4i! 
I use Mi3 which was bought in its first sale back in Jun14 !! Since then I am big Mi-fan...BUT I dont think its biased review. I am writing this after almost a month & based on my bro's feedback.
Nokia design/build quality, iOS like fluid UI and an Android at heart!!! What else you want???  
Excellent display - 5/5
Great build quality & form factor - 5/5
Super performance (except few lags due to new Miui on Lollipop, I am sure it will be fixed in future updates; bcoz I have seen Miui6 on Redmi Note without such lags in balanced mode) And this is 64-bit processor, so once all apps are tuned for 64-bit then phone will rock - 4/5
Camera is just excellent! HDR & other effects works as miracle - 5/5
Heating issue & speaker volume issue has been fixed with latest 71mb update! (btw all phones with high cores & bigger battery heats its natural; even old dual-core laptops heats!!) -5/5
Battery is simply superb...every morning 30-40% still left with full time 3G on & decent use of all basic apps daily. -5/5 
VFM (value for money) ..it blows away competition. Made in China is getting redefined. Seriously motog only sells for brand name & zenfone for size :) ...Otherwise the specs & quality wise this is just great piece of hardware. - 5/5 
Last but not least! Its sin if I dont mention MiUI ... Use it to believe it! 
This is 'The Best' form of Android in market right now. It has hell lot of features, daily you will discover new one! 
Miui tips & tricks:: http://en.miui.com/thread-47569-1-1.html
This is just tip of an iceberg... And also more features are added with every update in 1-2 months! -- 10/5 ;) 
My Conclusion: If budget is less than 20k then just order Mi4i! And if your budget is more than 20k then wait for Mi Note :)) 
Thanks for reading! 
 Giving a clear and practical review after using for 3 weeks continuously.
Firstly I would like to give the Tips for the existing and upcoming users as it will help you more than reading the reviews.
1. If you get the phone with MIUI 6.5.3 update kindly update it to 6.5.4 asap. It will completely reduce all the heating issues. Otherwise you will feel the phone a fry pan.
2. After receiving peel off the company fitted matte screen protector and place a 8-9H tempered screen guard as the phone doesn't have gorilla glass.
3. Dont try to take pics with manual mode until you know it well.
4.Use a hard back case for keeping away the phone form dust,oil. Still the phone has rubber washable nano finish back but it is recommended to use a back case.
5.Don't access "permission manager". If you turn on the permission manager on many app features will be hidden.
6. Try to off WIFI and mobile data as per your convenience for better battery backup and low heating of the phone.
6.Dont use any launcher instead try to apply the themes available in MI themes. 
1. Look and comfortability
Mi 4i is the slimmest phone in this range I can challenge. When you hold only the phone without any cover it will give you 1005 comfort to hold it for long times, When in call it is also very comfortable to hold the phone. Its trendy white and black combination gives an mind blowing stylish look.
2. Performance
I mainly do internet surfing,little bit gaming,photography,music and youtube. After doing all these things it gives a super 24 hour backup. I only charge once in a day. Coming to its octa core processor. Truly it has a superb speed of performance. It hardly gets hanged with the lucid combination of 2gb RAM and 8 core processor. 
3. Camera
Its 13MP cam is truly 13MP. You can compare the images taken in daylight with A DSLR clicked image. Its front 5MP cam is just superb for taking selfies. Video quality is very good. But please don't click with manual mode untill you are not so accustomed to click picture in manual mode. It will give you a bad impression of the camera.
4.Network
Network reception is too good. It will give you the best 3g experience. Mobile data service is promptly switched on after you on the option.
5.UI
The MIUI 6 based on Android L is very good. Unlike the pure android versions you will get many more inbulit features for which you have to install 3rd party apps. Like-junk cleaner,app lock and many more.
6.Sound
The sound output is quite low but clear. You will get clear ans bass full sound in headphone. But if you listen songs only in phone then it is little bit low.
7. Display
The full HD IPS display will give you best out of your videos,movies. Display is very very clear. But it should have Gorilla glass 3.
You will get much more than what you are paying. Go ahead for the phone if you are looking for a handy,sexy,performance mi-budget phone. 
 I purchased Mi4i with understanding its popularity, but i lost my all happiness on receiving mobile, Mobile's highest ringer volume is very low. I can not hear any ringtone with highest volume setting if mobile is placed more than 1 ft from my ear. I never come to know that whether somebody is calling on my mobile if mobile is placed just 1 to 2 feet away from me.
After contacting service centre, i got reply that it is just default speaker with volume level, and that cannot be changed. even after changing the speaker, volume will not increase.
so if your hearing capacity is higher than only buy Mi4i. It is impoosiible to hear ringer, if you are in Traffic, in public place etc.I wanted to return the phone to flipkart as per return policy, but that is also denied sayting that there is nothing wrong with instrument.  
 I can not think xiaomi will give such a poor glass quality.
I got the mobile on 11th May. As n When i open the box mobile dropped from just 1ft height and display glass gone and lower panel touch not responding. I complained on flipkart as well as xiaomi customer care about this and they said we can not help, you have to go service centre to get repair at your on cost. 
Which type of gorilla grass is it that can break easily. 
When i called to service centre they said because this mobile is in new launch they have not accessory for this talk to again customer care even both dont know the cost of broken glass.
I have seen apple, samsung, noika etc if glass broken some how than there whole touch panel work as earlier before broken. 
This is not single case. In my office 2 Mi3 mobile display also broken due to fall and touch gone out. And their screen repair cost is very high (Rs. 6000).
If I am spending 13000 for Mi4i and i Got such a sensitive mobile than it is worst mobile. 
I strongly not suggest to purchase such a cheap mobile.  
 At first reviews got me scared but still I purchased it and when I got this phone my first attempt was the latest update and then there is NO HEATING ISSUE. however the chipset is designed in such a way that it gets heat up but only after much use of this phone. I mean the regular use. There's nothing to worry, every smart phone get heated up even the big budget phone like S6 edge gets heated up. People on flipkart are throwing bullshit there's noting like it I say Spolier Alert - No Heat after the update. I am reviewing this product because of the non-sense that people are talking about. 
 Its no doubt a good looking, better specification and slim Mobile. But has some critical issues.
1. Heating problem :- Heating starts without using any app or voice etc. Just by keeping in pocket, sometimes you feel it starts heating.
2. Notifications issue. : Dont get Notification updates on Apps like Times of India, NDTV news feed etc. Also on Whatsapp "No Notification' many times, and as soon you open the app, hell loads of messages starts pouring, whiche were send earlier by your contacts. So very disappoiting issue.
3. Net Data problem.
4. Hangs many a times.
5. Reboots its own without even using it.
6. Many a times gets hanged and no button or touch works, you need to just watch foolishly and this becomes a piece of Crap. :-(
Annoying device. 
 After using 6 days, I am writing this review.
First thing is,there is no expandable memory option. SO before purchasing you decide about memory requirement for you. only 10.81 GB available for the users.
Pros:
Build quality is good... 
Front camera is good...
Awesome Display ... 
Cons:
Rear Camera not good as expected...
I am not feeling like Battery is 3140Mah. With normal usage We can manage one day.
I have seen only 1GB free Ram available. ..
Bit Heating Issue....  
I felt very bad for this : Flipkart not accepting return. I applied for return within 24hours of product received.
 Dear flipkart please accept the return request from the customers. If the customer not satisfied with the product what can he do with that product.? You people not working for customer satisfaction. Snapdeal will refund the amount if customer is not satisfied with the product. 
 I was in a dilemma reading reviews of fellow buyers in flipkart about heating issues. I still went ahead and bought it. Guess what.. NO REGRETS what so ever. I bought the phone in second flash sale and it was delivered in exactly 24 hrs. Kudos to flipkart. About the phone as mentioned i updated it once i got my hands on it and am using it with wifi uninterrupted and no signs of heating. Use the phone in BALANCED MODE and everything should be fine. Camera works great. And i have to mention about the battery life. It easily lasts over a day with regular usage. Happy with service and phone. Recommend it! 
 The phone is heating like anything. Flipkart is not responding properly. Only gaining time by giving missed calls every day. we can not call back the number again. They say 45 degrees heat is common. Did anybody bear that much heat while answering the calls... with in a minute the "ear" burns. FLIPKART DO SOMETHING..... before we loose patience...  
I get ONN the phone yesterday, it gets soo heat inside 2-3min , I get surprises & feared , I power off 1hours ,ONN then its heat is decreases little, I cant understand why such happens, How Xiomi has made such item for india.? 
Mr Hugo Barra says that Mi 4i is for India during the lunching , but such heating issue disappoints me or Indian Mi fans so much, Visual IVR I cant found.
Camera is goood, RAM flows 1GB , only available 880-900Mb without instal any app.
Mi 2 - runs its 65% RAM, Mi 4i even 2Gb but runs 110-120% ,with No apps installed -only 800mb RAM avails .
Built is good, slim, average looks , 
I wants to solve the heating issue to my Mi 4i , and RAM fluids issues ,Camera ,MIUI 6 , other are manageable and good .
updates showing 806Mb, i am not doing that.
Dear flipkart /Xiomi Plz suggest me ,solve this or take the phone and refund my valuable money.  
 I am start using this phone. phone is good.but camera is not of 13 MP. Samsung phone's camera are much better than this.
light weight phone,
slim body,
when u start it, it will update for android Lollipop version.
Accessories are not available like back cover, tempered glass etc.
 In total good phone but its cost is more.   
 - Received it yesterday - 4th May evening. 
- Brilliant screen clarity and touch.
- Very light to hold.
- Does look like a premium phone.
- No issues with Camera - front & back.
- Loud speaker is crisp and loud. Not louder than an iPhone 5s & above.
- Does heat a little on surfing/ whatsapp calling, which phone doesn't.
- MIUI6 is highly flexible. Lollipop features are not visible in OS. 
- Clear voice calls/ reception.
- Matt White back panel. Will not slip from hand. 
My 2 cents is to go for it as the HW configuration offered at this price is worth the price.   
 Best mobile in Mi Family. 
Stunning clarity with 441 PPI and best in class configuration with 64 bit snapdragon 2nd Gen Processor. 
But eKart guys are really worthless they don't know how to treat a customer delivery. I was waiting for 2 hours for my product on weekend but the guy who suppose to deliver me the product promised me that he will deliver me withing half and hour but after that he never picked up my call.  
So guys do always COD and get the product and pay for it...  
 Received this phone yesterday.  
Very good screen; Camera is great; Very light weight; Finishing looks good; Call quality is awesome and crystal clear. No heating issue seen in normal usage.  
Somewhat disappointed by the less sound volume while playing music. No SD card support- but on board memory is workable for day-to-day use. USB OTG is supported. 
Would rate at - 4.5/5.0  
Great value for money! If you are looking for a good value for money phone then go for it.   
 Very good product with Awesome looks and nice build quality.. 
And nice Camera..  
Regarding Heating Issue .. Guys Please note it this is Summer Season and normal temp is around 39..  
I have used it whole day today in AC I haven't found anything like that 
Thanks 
 Received in good condition. A little beast with All Great Features. Works like Solid machine. All apps are smooth like Butter. 
 I bought this phone on first flash sale held on 30-04-2015. On screen every thing looked absolutely amazing and when i ordered on this day(30-04-2015) the expected delivery date was 8th of May but i got it on 3rd of May AWESOME.  
What i liked about this phone: 
1.) Screen size and display quality.====== 9/10.
2.) Processor octacore 1.7/1.1 ghz. ======7/10.
3.) Battery 3120 mah. ================8/10.
4.) Quick Charge tech. ===============8/10.
5.) Sunlight Display.=================9/10.
6.) Camera========================9/10. 
Updated the marks of camera to "9" i feel this performs way better. 
But still i think at the price of 12999/-, MI4I should be shipped with atleast a standard handsfree. 
 Reviews based on 3 days of usage: 
- First thing you will notice is very light in weight
- Display is super
- Butter smooth touch
- MIUI6 has lot of features.
- Got update on the very first day though a big one of 800MB.
- Battery is great.
- Even 5 inch screen is so easy to handle. 
Phone do get heated up if used extensively but not very much that we can't use. Ram availability is also little bit less that is 1GB approx.  
Overall till now, satisfied with the Phone as per my requirements.  
 Excellent OS and camera both front and back. Don't Dont feel like carrying a mobile such a light weight. Awesome design. Looks stilish. One con's is no expandable memory. Heating is also bearable that's common in today's smart phones. 
Just go for it you will be very delighted and don't just miss such an unbeatable phone just because of little heating problem 
 Got it on 2nd May. writing a review with just one day of usage
Pros:
Very slim, easy to use by one hand
Stunning display, Sharp images
Never noticed any heating issue, used camera for long time , it was little warm but it was normal
I got a white phone, Back panel is not finger print prone for white and black
Front camera is really good, it is really a selfie phone. It shows enhanced image. Few features like swipe to select the front/back camera and the filters are very user friendly ( Overall the camera app is pretty good, lot of features.)
sunlight visibility is a good feature, it is pretty noticeable
The screen is pretty good, it is less finger print prone.  
Cons:
very low volume -
Phone ringing volume is very low
call volume in speaker also very low (Normal call volume is good)
13 MP back camera was little low performer when compared with other 13MP cameras ( oneplus ).
And other concerns like no expandable memory , no headphone available in the kit which is pretty known. 
Couldnt test LTE/battery life and games performance 
 I will give 3 1/2 stars. 
 I had a Moto G gen 1 previously. Bought this when I saw the flash sale. After getting used to stock android Lollipop getting acclimatized with MIUI is difficult. Phone gets heated up very quickly especially when you click pictures. The inbuilt apps are taking up too much of RAM. Only 10.89 GB available for use which is a downer compared to 12.9 odd of Moto G. Other than that the phone is pretty fast, compact, bright and weightless. Will get to know better after using it for sometime. 
 1.Battery : 70% more than iPhone6. Faster charging than iPhone6
2.Camera : 5MP more than iPhone6's 8MP.. F**cking 13MP
3.Display : Bigger than iPhone6. (iPhone6 = 4.7" Mi 4i = 5.0")
4.Color Gamut : iPhone6 = 72% while MI 4i = 95%
5.Resolution : 420ppi with MI 4i. While iPhone6 has only 326ppi
6.RAM : 2GB for mi 4i.....while 1GB iPhone6
7.Resolution size : 1920 x 1080 Pixels for Mi 4i while 1334 x 750 Pixels for iPhone6 
Mi 4i can be the biggest punch for Apple in nearer future. Get ready to see another giant killed by a newcomer. 
Greatest product on the planet earth. No phone can be as perfect as Mi 4i in this budget. 
NO HEATING AT ALL.  
NO LAGGING WHILE PLAYING INJUSTICE, ASPHALT 8 or GTA SAN ANDREAS. 
I REPEAT  
NO HEATING AT ALL   
 Hi Guys, 
This rating is based after 36hrs using the phn.  
Pros:- 
GREAT LOOKS. At this price its Great.
Very Good Performance, NO lags till now.
Full HD Resolution
Full HD Video Recording
Great Camera (both Camera are great) Rear 13MP camera is great & crystal clear pix. Front camera 5MP is also great at this price. 
Mobile fits perfectly in the hands even its size is 5 inches because of the smaller edges & Slimness, that is too good. 
Sound is also Good for music Listners.
Android Lollipop version.
Bigger battery of 3150mah & last long for approx 1.5 days with normal using. (i am checking/chatting WhatsApp all the time, reading News around 2 hrs a day, checking facebook 3-4 hrs a day) 
Cons:- 
A heat-up at the time of charging. (a little more than normal)
Only Mobile and Charger provided in the box. 
No Screen Guard/ No pouch provided.  
Stay tuned for more add-on comments after using some more days.. 
Thanks 
 i have compliened product(mi 4i) within 2day flipkart replaced the product,great service from flipkart 
 Mi4 I is below average smartphone battery has heating problem camera is worst display is ok don't buy this one 
 Flipkart has a wrong policy on return.
They place order for delivery to their on firm ekart. 
And you will not get any phone calls from the courtier boys.
They do not delivery and mention in the website that delivery failed.
After 3 days they say they are processing for refund, if the item is in good demand.
These actions of Flipkart and or Ekart is unilateral.
You ahve to pay again and start the entire process once again.
It is real pain if the item is through advance registration etc as in the instant case. 
 The Phone has lot of heating mere using and browsing of internet make the phone hot , its heating like anything .
can i get refund and buy another phone not working for me. 
 From the unboxing of this phone it was little heated but i thought because of outside temperature.But when i started using it it heated too much and if i let it in ideal condition with no use it still remain heated. 
 Good -  
1. Slim phone, pretty handy  
Bad - 
1. It doesn't look like 5 inch screen phone. looks like a cheap brother of redmi 2S
2. Back plastic is the worse and gives a damn cheap look to a phone
3. Camera - doesn't match up with any of 13mp standard. 
4. No headphones - seriously xiomi wants us to pay more for buying it. 
5. Have had the phone in my pocket for whole day. Missed calls too often. vibrator vibrates like nothing. 
6. MIUI 6 is again fools play. Whats the point having android lollipop if you are restricted to customized MIUI
7. Top of it no screen guard. Display screen is easy to get rugged marks. 
8. Heating like hot pan 
9. Volume is like i am playing my tv on mute status.
10. Lag in overall performance 
 guys don't go by comments of Flipkart good phone ,beauty and all... worst phone ever.
Keyboard Problem(Sometime you will not able to complete word)
Heating Problem
Google Play services problem
Contact merge( worst functionality which will keep merging your friends and family number) total mixture, its your duty to recognize whose number is this
Very poor sound
many important Android applications are NOT Supported.
even NOT able to update Phone.
No service center, there are but for on show off. they will never answer your call.
list will go on but this is in short...each functionality have bug inside 
PLZ PLZ ..don't waste your hard earned money. 
 I have four Xiaomi phones,Redmi 1S.Mi3(2phones),Mi4i in my family.Though Xiaomi phones are well built,but there is NO AFTER SALES SERVICE in most of the states.Though software problems are solved easily online,a minor hardware problem renders Xiaomi phone useless,as there is NO AFTER SALES SERVICE.Neither do they respond to repeated email requests for help.This makes XIAOMI phones DISPOSIBLE ITEMS.Think about this factor before opting for Xioami phones.After sales service is as an important factor to be considered for delicate articles like cell phones, which are very prone to accidental damages.
Recently Xiaomi has tied up with Gujrat based company QARMATEK for after sale service under the name"Pick Mi service".Whether your phone is under or out of warranty,you have to pay Rs 189 as courier charges(fedex).When your phone reaches to Qarmatek,they call you and for all minor or major defects ask you to pay Rs 9000 minimum,for changing mother board.Even if your phone has a microphone,speaker,camera,or a SIM slot defect,they insist on mother borad replacements on the grounds that they dont have a machine to remove defective mike,speaker or SIM slot.This looks funny.For Rs 9000 you can purchase a brand new high end phone from any Indian compnay with after sale service center everywhere in the country.Just visit www.consumercomplaints.in and see it is flooded with complaints against Xiaomi and QARMATEK.Log into OLEX and see hundreds of Xioami users wishing to sell their brand new Xioami phones but getting no buyers.Take my opinion seriously.I have no bias against any one,but i have faced this problem and it is my social responsiblity to tell you about the consequences of purchasing a Xiaomi phone. 
 I have purchased an Mi4i Phone couple of months back. Within few months of purchase, i have faced with several software and hardware issues. Since this is my only handset, i am struggling with my daily phone calls and is definitely looking for a replacement of handset. I never expected such bad and poor quality phones from Xiaomi. I am really frustrated that i have spend a lot of money purchasing this phone. 
Following are the issues i am facing with my phone:
1. Front Camera Not working - Within one month of purchase, my front camera stopped working.
2.Overheating- My phone gets heated up even on few minutes of continuous use.
3. Blinking Screen- Now, the phone keeps on blinking with vibration without any reason. I could not use my phone. 
We have tried to reach your customer care by different means, but never got enough support from your side. I dont want to use this complaint stuck phone anymore.   
 I bought this phone about month and half ago. It hardly worked fro 10 days and then its battery stopped charging. Gave to Mi service center in Noida. They took 15 days and said it's ok. Checked the charging at home - it doesn't work. Service center is pathetically managed, staff is least bothered about customers. 
 This phone is the worst ever phone made by Mi for India. Mi the cheap and worse company thinks that the Indians will use these type of cheap and bad phones.Shame on Mi. Phone heating like an hell (exceeds above 52c without using much) ,hanging a lot and restarts every 5-10 minutes . 
Flipkart , this is your your kind information as well that you are spoiling your name for the sake of this Mi Company. Creating Name & Fame is very difficult in today's world and you are easily spoiling your market for this stupid Mi Company. If possible , stop selling Mi phones or impose a heavy fine on Mi for this hell phones. Why Flipkart is spoiling there market for chinese company.
MUST SAY THAT PLEASE DO NOT EVER BUY THIS PHONE .Mi making fool of India nothing else . Abolish Mi products in India 
 I purchased this on flipkart electronic sale. this phone still have the heating issue.
Sometimes it is too much hot that you can not even hold the phone.  
Finally Sold the product within a day with a loss of 2000 rs. 
Summary: Please dont buy Any Xiomi Phone. 
 Packing was usual like Mi3..all same
on searching on net a lot,I compared many cel available in market and finally Mi4i was dominated over all in it's segment.in hands it feel perfect ...,compact, thin, looks decent.size is perfect screen to body ratio make it a beauty.back cover is non-removeble.In front top side got its 5mp camera and other sensors with multicolored notificatoin light...in bottom its mini usb 2.0 socket and on the front edge left side a 3.5 mm audio jack..
after using for three weeks i got a little bit.
1. in beginnig it was heating like hell!..without doing anything..on opening camera, taking some shot made it a heater! 
2.Ram was full nearly 1500mb..with no application installed 
3.speaker is low as compared to Mi3 or some other phones
.
4.none-removable battery sometimes couses trouble. 
though i received a update of 806 mb again a 56mb and first two tentions almost gone...phone working neatly...without any lag ..
.i will tell why one should invest in it - 
1.display: probably it is only device offering full hd (441 ppi) display in around 13k.display is really crisp,clear color saturation and temperature is awesome with IPS technology u can enjoy a video at any angle  
2.camera: Mi4ii comes with 13mp real shooter and 5mp front selfie cam..i tested both in bright light and got stunnnig shots...with front shooter u can have selfies..in camera BEAUTIFY and 5 other mods it makes things clear .though in low light conditions pictures get some noise. that;s not a problem with it alone...what is the advantage of dual tone flash? 
4.performance:Mi4i comes with 2gb ram and 16 gb rom still it offers great performance in multitaskin, videos playback,browsing so on,...i took exam by ashphalt 8, GTA san andreas,NFS most wanted, MC 4,MC 59(known as heavy games..ram eater),Deer hunter,contract killer and so on and it passes briliantly....without any lag.! 
on videos i throw 720p 1080p full hd videos nd it says it is cool! no lag no distortion at all sound quality amazing! enjoy pc videos at mobile at any angle..nealy all formats except google''s VP9 from youtube...it stops a bit 
battery:mi4i comes with 3120mah huge battery so u can expect it more and it delivers..on moderate use on my hand battery lasts two days...a good backup with so many features togehter 
design:this is the thing which made me buy mi4i...its slim,smooth fits perfectly in hand....eye cathing
overall you won't regret if do a friendship whith mi4i......atleast at 13k!! 
 I bought this mobile mi4i on 14th, may I want to give review for this mobile because when I try to buy this mobile I keep on looking for the reviews which as pros and cons now I give my comments for the people's who trying to buy this Mobile 
1. Shipping...... It reached me in two working day 
2. Mobile design I would rate 9/10
3. Mobile heating issue, not a big issue as for as my concern I am a game playing persons on I played asphalt 8, motal combat, minion rush, and some more big games it's really good no hang problems occurs and the graphics are real good of course it get heat on the rear side of the phone but not much. 
4. Battery is real good. I get 1.25 day of battery under mixed usage of game and browsing 
5. Display is real good compare with my iPhone 5.
6. Camera quality for rear is good 7/10 compare to iphone
7. Front camera also very good.  
It's very slim and good looking. Themes of miui6 is really good. 
Overall it's good phone to buy... 
Thanks  
 flipkart sent me faulty piece of mi 4i, they took the money from me as well. i requested to return the money or replaced the phone, after 36 hours no reply from flipkart about my request. when called they lie that, technical person had called me but in reality they never attempted to solve the problem, they never call me. after several call they keep on lie that they called me but nobody picking the phone, a white lie , they never called even attempted to call, but still no cooperation from them. 
Waste mgmt and technical people in flipkart. 
Everyone please beware of this flipkart... before giving them the money, cross check the full functionality of the phone, if find good , only then give them money or else never give any money to them. 
Rating must be negative to flipkart . 
 i recieved phone but it is only work in a single sim mode , its a dual sim phone after that phone ringing volume is extremely slow and phone lag some time after it has 2gb of ram not recomended phone 
 as my title says..it really depends upon your preferences(budget phone, memory, good camera, good music experience,big battery, good screen etc)  
my preference was ...good camera, big battery and light phone (130-140 gms only), good music experience.. and watching hugo bara video i was preety well impressed...but there is some other side of the story(dislikes dominates)... 
i have used dis phone for weeks now ...what i liked about this phone is
1. very good screen
2. super duper light phone..very sleek phone 
3. cool miui experience..you will never get bored 
depends upon user preferences  
1. for me, 10 gb which is left over on this phone was sufficient ..so no complaints..again depends upon your preference ..if it is a issue for you...think twice...
2. 3120 battery last one day only with internet..sufficient for me.i thought it may last longer..but i m just a internet surfer...no complaints....but with time this may further deteriorate... 
dislikes 
1. Yes, Heating near the ear peace is very annoying..specialy these days(summers),...for winters it may be very cozy..hahaha...when you buy this phone..an miui update will immediately come out..after update found heating to have reduced to large extent as before but very little still prevails...probably i am not experiencing heating as i m not a gamer..no extensive usage..yes i extensively use it for surfing internet...which showed little heating(20 %). 
2. very very poor music experience...the volume on this phone is very very low...on headphones you get very low song volume...the speaker on this phone is preety bad, very low volume you get...you definately gona miss some calls just bcoz of this...this is the major reason this phone is not recomendable...probably in making the phone slimer, they have made a compromised on these parameters....redemi 2 speeker is very good as compared to this phone..your phone is a your lifeline...you cant listen songs properly...oo oo....for me ...its a major disappointment... 
3. Camera is preety good in day light.. but In low light conditions its very very very noisy... 
again i am saying ...check your preferences before buying 
thank you  
 This is a very bad phone, friends if you are thinking of buying it do not buy. It heats up if you watch youtube. Leave alone heavy usage like gaming. Even after 20 minutes angry bird did not open. 70 % of RAM always occupied. If you look at the quality of pictures on mi website they are splendid, the pics taken from this phone does not even match 50% of the quality.
Overall total disappointment. I don't know why such a good ecommerce people (flipcart) is selling this bad phone? 
 Battery is getting discharged rapidly & requires a lot of time to charge along with heating issue... seriously man this is not done.. dont buy Mi4i until all issues are resolved.... I am going for cash back option... 
 Its been a day since i had received my Mi4i 
Ive used Ines, Lumia series mobiles, Sony Xperia mobiles and samsung mobiles
I am a normal user (lots of music, videos, chatting, surfing , productivity apps, wifi or 3g 24/7, non heavy game user)  
First things first Make an OTA update of 800MBs for performance improvements 
i feel the phone is best suiting my requirements.
Design is really good (light weight almost wafer like) 
Display is a great plus
No heating for my use, unless using the phone while charging
Charges full in 150 mins 
Charge stands for 24 hrs with either wifi or 3g on around 10 or more hours of mobile usage (music, videos, chatting, browing n stuff)
900MBs of RAM more than suffices as Ive loaded with lots of Apps (downloaded and preloaded) and phone doesnt hang a bit 
for 13K this phone is a monster !! 
I would recommend for anyone who wants very good phone at a decent budget 
Go for it ! 
 I have been a mi user for a long time i have used mi3 and redmi 2 and i was happy with there performance. so i ordered a mi4i. o think that this phone is very well built and feels good in hand. but this device has flaws as well so lets talk about pros and cons 
PROS:
1) Feels nice in hand 
2) display is beautiful.
CONS:
1) This device hangs a lot even on day to day use age i was able to hang this device.
2) If you are a gamer don't go with this as it drops a lot of frames and lags a lot even on leos fortune i noticed some lag.
3) using this phone outside your house is difficult as it tends to become really hot and becomes difficult to hold. even indoor this phone heats up a lot if you play games or do multitask during charging.
4) speaker output is not up to the mark for ME . ( but that's a personal choice.) 
ALL IN ALL I WONT SUGGEST THIS PHONE FOR BUYING. AT THIS TIME AND UNTIL THEY RESOLVE THE HEATING ISSUE AS IT BECOMES PAINFUL TO HOLD SOMETIMES NEAR THE CAMERA MODULE... 
 Phone gets heated up very much around the camera and the call speaker area just after slight usage.  
Good phone for the price except the heating issue, Camera is good not great, perfect size to handle. 
Best phone in this price, Xiaomi has to fix this heating issue. 
 Great build quality with good hardware specification. 
overall Great Deal for 12,999/- 
you must have this phone. 
 I got my MI 4i yesterday. people are complaining heating problem. Luckily i don't see any heating problem in my device it is just perfect. If u r heavy gamer all phone will heat including Iphone. I just fell in love with the looks of the mobile its so light and slim super sexy i loved it.
Mi 4i runs so perfectly with my 4G sim. If you have a 4G sim you will enjoy the best with the speed and with my 3G sim it gave me little glitches last night but it is running as good as 4G now. May be it needs time to settle down with the network.
Main camera is awesome just like some high end mobile camera. Front camera with the beautify feature it will make you look so handsome, i just loved it my marks in my face does appear if you turn on beautify mode :) 
i will give 6 out of 5. i am giving 1 extra for its beauty.  
 after using for more than 3 days and updating to latest miui (Which took almost an hour or two i dont know why?) , it seems phone is not heating too much but still it has heating issues no doubt but only the upper half gets heated. if you are not so into gaming you will not notice . 
OVER ALL
5 / 5 FOR FEATURES
5 / 5 FOR LOOKS
5 / 5 FOR 1080p DISPLAY
5 / 5 FOR CAMERA
4 / 5 FOR HARWARE (for heating issue, but i dont care almost every phone gets heated be it samsung ,htc etc.)  
 good phone.....nice interface....camera was excellent.....but the problem is heating thing.....
overall it is worth for that price.... 
highly recommended.. 
 Tdy i received this phone, it is awesome phone all in one in less price.touch,display,battery backup is vry gud. 
 Pros:
1.Great Camera
2.Amazing screen
3.Decent Gaming performance
4.Premium feel
5.Slim
5.Supports 4G 
Cons:
1.Slight Heating issue(whlie charging nad 3g internet data usage) 
 A very good crafted super slim phone. I'm using it for more than 24 hours. It has a big heating issue. Phone heats up like hell during 3g use around camera and ear speaker region. You cannot even call for 5 mins over voip.  
Pros:
Premium look in 13k.
good camera quality both rear and front.
UI is good but consumes around over 1 gb ram.
No lag till now.(I'm not a gamer. :P) 
Cons:
Heating issue. Even on normal use phone gets warm.Tough to handle long calls like on whatsapp.
I observed it takes considerable amount of time to charge through laptop.(but OK) 
Overall phone is very good except heating issues. Snapdragon 615 had this issue in past too. Hope Xiaomi will launch some patches to get over it. :) 
 Pls work on the software and make it more lag free. It's an amazing software Whig require some bug fixes 
 I don't want to talk about any specifications or any product related info,. I just want to highlight the policy and qulaity standards of Flipkart and MI. 
I got the phone on very first flash sale and i am glad that i am happy to got that. 
Here the delivery was delayed. I didn't have any issues with that, i thght may due to heavy orders. 
First week: It's fanstatic no doubt at all about the product. 
Second week: Back button is not working properly. 
Third week: Battery is draining so fast. 
Fourth week: Front camera is not working properly. Performance lags (I am not talking hifi performance the basic functionality is lagging) 
The pathetic quality of MI and poor service of Flipkart makes my buy regret. 
Ya i know i have 1 year warranty and service center guys can deal with the issues. But its exactly a month old phone and why a new phone will suffers with that problems??? 
I called flipkart to replace, they said "its been more than a month so we can't replace it acc to our policy, come on dude its only 4 days more than 1 month, grow up i am not asking after 2 or 3 months later. Rules are meant to be broken. I know this is slightly exaggerating. But a person who spends 3 months of research on what to buy and spent 13k is to buy this cheap product...???  
My first smartphone is also from flipkart (Nokia Lumia 520), for which i also got some issues and that they replaced, and i used for almost 2 years. 
But what lesson i learnt is the policy of flipkart sucks and the quality of MI is poor 
 Best product in this range 
Camera quality is far better than other 13 mp camera, MIUI is too good and user friendl, drawback are that had only 16gb internal memory and dont have any external memory card slot, also has medium heating issue. 
 I bought mi4i in the month of December !! very good battery life, still I didn't see any such a issue! 
Little bit heating issue which is very common for all the high range processors mobile phones but nothing will get impact about performance!!! go for it!! cheers!! 
My some of friends bought K3 Lenover and other Lenova models which are in the same segments..but currently they are facing display un resoncive & hang issues!!! 
So I am proud to be owing Mi4I without any such a issue!!! 
 Bought this baby around a year ago,
Still going strong . Butter smooth performance, One of the Best camera in a smartphone.
the Bookeh and DOF it provides are just mind blowingly awesome. 
 I have used this phone for more than 5 months now. Apparently Xiaomi has lot of quality issues going with their handsets.I have exchanged 2 phone because of hardware issues in both of them and each time the phone i get will have some different issue. The first phone which i had received carries a camera which produces blur images. The second phone has yellowish display, which is very poor in quality. The phone which i am using now is perfect in term of display and camera. But all the Mi4i phones suffer from heating issue. It is very real. People say that after update heating is very less, but that is not the case. Xiaomi has added code to throttle the phone' s performance as temperature increase. So more or less it becomes useless in heavy load and that is want nobody want with their phones. I urge buyers to avoid this phone at all costs despite having good hardware. 
 wesome phone...no lags..no heating problem...great UI.... 
 Battery
 Camera(front n rear)
 UI
 SCREEN :}
 NO LAGS 
- No headphones
- lack of accessories in market 
IMPORTANT POINT:
Update your phone before using it, there is a update of 800mb. IT WILL SOLVE THE HEATING ISSUE ETC..... 
 -good battery life
-excellent display with high resolution
-best camera quality
-no heat after update to miui7
-light weight
-easy to handle
-Best price
after purchasing this mobile, i became big fan of mi. 
 Best in Class phone. But very well appreciated in Memory card facility.Xiaomi please bring Redmi note 3 with memory card., 
 It is the simply unarguably the worst phone one can imagine. Phone has gone dead thrice in the last 6 months. Customer service is pathetic. Listed service centers on mentioned site are not operational.
Substandard product. 
DONT BUY THIS PHONE!!! 
 I hv been using this phone .
Camera quality is awesome both front and rear.
Battery is good.
RAM is very less. It says its 2GB but you only gets 1GB 
 gud product but often creats problm...memoryspace nt expandable...even sometime have to face hanging nt heat problems...nt satisfied 
 Jabardast Phone at Jabardast price. nice screen, light weight, i have already bought 3 of these for different family members 
 The phone was fine till after an OTA update. The front camera has become useless and turns grainy. Please search online on the issue and you will see many users complaining of the same. No answer or solution from Xiaomi, I will take back my comment here, If I get a agreeable answer. 
 Its an average phone, The phone become sluggish after using for some time, moreover battery lasts through out the day. Display is good enough but overall. Some UI feauture like Flip to Silent doesn't work. I would recommend not to buy this phone. Better go for Moto G3 which is much better than this one 
 i am using this product from 3 month and found this product is not worthy for its price its camera is not good always a reddish shade is found when pic is taken in flash light also hanging problem with the phone call sound is worsed not clear . most of the app do not work properly and its own os also showing unexpected shutdown. 
 continuous call drop problem in-spite of phone reset, don't buy this product i am trying to exchange this product but couldnot succeed, 
 After 1.5 month facing the internet browsing issue. it will work fine with wifi but with the sim netwrk working very badly. you will get 0.0 kb to 2 kb around speed. 
so if you want to purchase MI4I do not go with this product. 
 use less product, no up gradation option. less internal memory. little bit slow. not user friendly. takes long time for reboot. limited options. 
 I purchased this mobile from Flipkart and very satisfied with overall performance especially the camera quality. But after 2 months I came to know the real issue. Display is so delicate that it is broken by small pressure. Also front camera also stopped working. I go on google and found that after software up gradation it is common problem with this hand set. In last 6 months I change 3 Display...  
Important to note that there is no gorilla glass on the display so every time you have to change the complete folder that cost you appx. 3.5 K. Indirectly it cost me around 22 K till date and no solution of front camera issue. 
 Big billion offer. Ordered on 16th Oct 2015, delivered on 28th Oct. Delivery date (though late) was mentioned before hand, so no actual delay and no complaints there. 
But when I opened the box I noticed that all the contents of the box were covered and sealed, except for the charger, which also had some scratches on it. I guess the distributors or retailers do tamper with these things. But it works OK, so didn't bother much about it. May be getting a problem-free piece is just a matter of luck, since many people here have reported a lot of problems with their devices. 
The phone priced Rs.12999, was available for Rs. 9999, with an exchange of Rs.2000 for my old HTC One V, effectively making it Rs.7999.
But i am going to review it as a 11k-13k segment product. 
About the phone, 
1. Design: The area surrounding the screen is kept less, limiting the phone's size and making it handy. Average thickness, definitely comfortable. Impressively light weight for the size.Thanks to the all plastic body. The battery cannot be removed. The covering behind is an anti slippery matted plastic. The overall phone looks far far from cheap, although sporting an all plastic body. 
2. Display: Well, this is the Most impressive aspect of the phone. 5 inch screen 1080x1920 full HD giving it a 441 ppi pixel density. Amazing clarity. Pixels are not traceable to naked eye. Very good brightness. Mi4i has an additional feature where it enhances the darker colours when exposed to sunlight, allowing us to view every single detail on the screen outdoors on a sunny day. Works very well. I personally feel the screen is in par with iPhone 6 or may be even better. 
One minor setback though, Corning OGS screen is pretty delicate (as admitted by the company themselves) and a tempered glass screen protection solves the problem. (although it makes the phone a bit bulkier compared to its original weight and thickness) 
3. Processor: The processor, i would say, is adequate for a comfortable day to day usage. No lags on running 6-7 apps simultaneously (on balanced mode). performance mode will let you go for probably 2 more apps.  
Graphics: Games with moderate graphics, like temple run etc., run with absolutely no lag. Higher graphic games like real racing 3 did have some lag even after switching to performance mode. 
And yes. the phone has 2 modes, balanced and performance, for battery and performance preferences. 
4. Battery: 3120mAh. The battery easily lasts for little more than a day, on moderate usage. I personally have had the battery last for 2.33 days (56 hrs) on a single charge - balanced mode, 30-35% screen brightness, WiFi constantly connected, calls for around 20 mins, 2-3 hrs browsing per day, around 10 mins of video streaming. No games played though. That was the highest, otherwise it usually lasts for 28-30 hrs.
Comes with a 2A output charger and supports fast charging - takes around 1.5-2 hrs to charge the huge battery completely. 
5. Camera: Very good cameras, both rear and front. Good exposure. Very less noise produced on low lighting. Good quality photos. Rear camera has dual tone LED flash, producing natural looking light. 
6. User Interface: MIUI - wonderful user layout. Tons of wallpapers, themes, ringtones, system fonts to personalize. Recently released MIUI 7 based on Android Lollipop, is very stable, light and fast. Copies iOS a bit, in appearance. 
7. Speakers are loud enough. Sensors, connectivity work just fine. 
About the heating issue - The phone did have heating problem for the software that comes in the box. An immediate update that is available solves the problem. And now with MIUI 7 update, there is no issue of the device getting heated up.
 However the phone controls the temperature only in the BALANCED MODE. In the performance mode, the phone turns off its temperature control and yes, the phone then gets warmed up. (however you will be intimated about the temperature control being turned off when you switch to performance mode). This doesn't mean that the phone has to be in low performance mode all the time, since the balanced mode works very well and is optimum for regular usage. Only bigger apps and games might need performance mode. 
Final verdict: Personally i feel this is the best phone available at this price range, i.e., 12999, atleast as of now. Value for money, definitely. 
 After using this product for 1 month i came this decesion that is one of the worst product that Mi has been making 
 Call drops happen. Else all is good. Heating problem is also there. Call drop is main problem. It happens on regular basis. 
 Very bad product..
Gets heated up while talking more than 5 minutes.
Within a month speaker stopped working.
Lot of display problem.
Sensors do not work properly.
My genuine advice is not to purchase this product 
 Phone hangs regularly after 1 month, Still 7 Gb Balance and not major gaming use, just normal browsing and whatsapp use 
 i brought this darling for 9500 in offer on flipkart. and within a month i brought 3more .the phone is very smooth and no lags. it always ready to do anything. the camera is superb. the clarity and the softness in pictures are awesome. it is playing full hd videos without any lag. the battery back up is satisfied. i am a moderate user and i dont play games in mobile. and i use internet all the day dialy one charge is enough. the wifi connnectivity is superb. it is very slim and well degined and perfectly fit in one hand. display is great. 
cons:
no external memory...... 
 I love this phone.. all features are working very fine . No point of getting hang on..till.
Battery is superb... Camera quality is perfect in its section of 13 mp. 
The only factor I like to get improve is - there should have been one memory card slot too ..or else should be having internal space of atleast 64MB. 
 I have used yureka, xperia z, z1, and heating issue is not even felt a fraction of abv phones . honestly no heating issue faced till today. Awsm camera quality like every mi phones. 1gb free ram after update . slim sleek and light weight. Awsm display . sound little less than redmi 2. And I got 45789 score in antutu benchmark. Really a cool phone.
 Loudspeaker and sensors can be caliberated in about phone > kernal versions > press 5 times so many complaints of it can be solved easily. It's not complaint of phone. 
 Only issue is heating. If MI fixs this issue its superb. I am much worried about heating. All other things are fine 
 Thanks to both Xiaomi & Flipkart for this amazing phone! Firstly, I got it at almost half the original price (after Diwali discount, old mobile exchange and credit card discount). Thanks to Flipkart for offering such opportunity. Secondly, the MIUI Ver.7 (got updated from 6 to 7 after switching it on) is simply outstanding. I am using it for just over a week and I am satisfied with its performance. Occasionally, I sensed a bit of heat generation, especially after prolong use, which is perhaps true with every mobile handset, but otherwise it is the best bargain among the other mobiles available in the market. Camera is super, selfies are lively. Sound quality is good which I suggest to improve a bit louder, so that it becomes audible when in public. Dual SIM facility is working perfectly. WhatsApp, e-mail, facebook all are running without glitches. What more we want? 
 My First Impression with the Mi4i was awesome, when I unpacked it and opened it.
I was really impressed with the display quality and slim build.  
but, soon in 30min. I recognized this has a major issue Heating.
I was so impressed with the value and display quality, so before raising a return request I googled about the heating problem with Mi4i, and found that its an known problem with the pone and had a big set back. since I wanted to own and keep this device for a longer period (2yrs). I though to find a solution and soon found that it need some software update and the heating problem will go off.  
I did the update(Miui 7), and to my surprise the heating problem got reduced significantly. but not gone. but I feel the phones performance went down significantly with the update.
I would have given this device 5 star if they can provide a proper fix to this problem. 
below are my summary about the device:
Pros: 
 - Good Display 
 - Call Quality
 - Price (I got it for 9K).
Cons: 
 - Heats up a lot even with casual gaming.
 - performance and lagging with latest MiUi-7 Update 
Conclusion, those who are just casual/basic users with not too much of gaming can definitely buy this phone. its really value for money if you get it at my price(9K).
else , you should look for other options like Motorola or ASUS in my testing I found ASUS performing faster that Mi4i and with equally good display and call quality. 
I am still looking for a better solution and hope that the Heating problem can be solved completely without compromising on performance. 
hope this helps you. 
 Front camera blur problem after an update. 2-3 updates came but still Unresolved.
Don't buy until this issue is resolved. 
 All Mi4i device are facing front camera blur issue after an update. Still Unresolved. I am waiting for another update before going to service center. 
 I bought this phone for Rs.10000 only. Very sleek body. Mi4i has very great display. Lightweight phone. But its not premium phone but for 10 to 13k bucks you can get one. But for this price range its the best buy. Battery is good. 
Cons: But this mobile has heating problem when play cpu intensive games like FIFA. But it doesn't heat on games like Asphalt 8. 
Camera is of average quality of pics taken it night. 
In my opinion this phone it the best buy for this price range. Heating problem is not that grave. So if you thinking of buying this mobile and you are gamer then this is the best phone you could buy :) 
 Got a shiny little scratch on my screen. :( Chrome app hang/freeze a lot while working on multiple tabs.You can't play HD games its slow down the game speed. 
 Ok product. 
Slim design.
Nice display.
Good processing speed.
Gets heated just after 10min of 3G or 4G usage. 
 1. Light weight
2. Slim
3. Good looking
4. Gray color looks premium
5. Brand is cheapest and affordable with best quality.
6. Best camera in that range.
7. Bright and clear display.
8. Good touch response.
9. Lots of accessories available.
10. Aaab kitni tarifen karun. Bas kar rulaega kya?
:p 
Cons:
1. Software is sometimes buggy. But they are fixed with in a time with updates.
2. Worst after sale service.  
Recommendation: If you are worried about after sale service don't buy. If you want a good phone go for it. 
Rating: 4/5  
 This phone has little bit heating problem..get heated up when playing high graphics games..The camera quality is not as much good as 13mp, There is no slot for external memory card hence 12.2 gb is only availble for use.
Overall, the phone is very nice and it runs smoothly as it has 2gb of ram.  
 So many problems In this phone like phone is hanging, heating issue,buttons are not working 
 This is all of it.The beast you can get in a good range of money.
Perfomance is excellent,the phone does not have the word lag.Runs very smoothly.
Camera is also far better in this range segment.
Heating is minor there in the phone, people saying heating is there which is to much do not beleive them.
Sound is execllent after update of miui 7.
Get the phone without thinking anything.
And i haven't seen heating issue which is too much.  
 everytime I tried booking this phone during offer through mobile app, after entering all the details of payment and , it says try again later. have tried more than thrice. very disappointing. 
 pros:
camera both 
price
light weight
brilliant display
miui7 which has finally arrived
441 ppi
snapdragon processor  
 worth buying for dis price.... 
cam is totally awesome....cant stop taking pics :D
no heating issues yet.. updated to MIUI 6.7.2.0 (cool interface if u fed up with usual look)
slim and stylish handset "girls!! just dont think and but it :P"   
 Just recevied the phone yestarday , kept it on charge before switching on , tryed switching on the device after full 100 % charge , browed through the mobile for 10 min , switched it off again , post 3 hours felt heavy heating sensation in the mob (heater effect) , tryed to switch it on " showed battery as 2% ) .. horrible experience - returning back asking for replacement :( will review again post replacement 
 No doubt this is a very good device in camera, speed, connectivity, screen resolution. Specially in this rate. But apart from this, this phone exist with heating problem and the features are quite different/difficult from other android phone. While applying any wallpaper the font color dont get change as per the background. In my phone there was a problem with alarm clock as well, snooze after 3 minutes after setting the time of 10 minutes and get silent after ringing twice. So please think twice before buying this phone. 
 product looks very attractive. but has too many problem network connectivity, heating, radiation, battery and so on...
i have bought the products for more than a lakh in FK. i use to praise FK like anything, but they were very bad in this.
honor 4X is comparatively too good. 
they claim 45degree is within the limit. i could not hold the phone near to ear for more than 5 mins.  
 Hi Buddies ...! 
To Be an honest writer, i reviewed about the overall stuffs about " Mi 4i". Lets enjoy it.
I've rated on the various aspects of the gadget 
1) STYLE:
 Slim & Handy. Just like the IPhone 6. Since it is 5'' screen it is best to hold and to be fit our pocket. And i advice go for a coloured one, ratther than buying classic white. Because of its pure attire, dirt and stains are easily visible on the first day itself. 
2) CAMERA:
 To be decent, the camera was better (not the best). Because i was an HTC lover, i used various HTC handsets (Desire X, One, M8), where there autofocus and richness was unmatchable with this. 
 Rear camera is good, but it doesnt give any pucca focussing effect, even when tap.
Front was pretty good ( as we cant afford more with 5MP). 
3) PERFORMANCE:
 Performance for techies means Gaming....!!
Its gives smooth play with most of the High End games like Asphalt 8-Airborne , Nova , GTA series...etc., 
Like our other reviewers, it gets hot while playing. Its not an big issue. NO ONE CAN MENTION A SMARTPHONE NAME WITHOUT HEATING, DURING HIGH PERFORMANCE ACTIVITIES. 
4) BATTERY:
 To be decent, Mi 4i has a poor battery backup. It can withstand 8-10 hours on the basic usage. One good thing is that , it has FAST CHARGING facility. Good for today's busy work. 
5) '''''NO HEATING ISSUE''''' :
 I swear there is no heating issue on this phone. And MIUI provides an UI update of MIUI v 6.7.0. It was good to experience Mi without heating issue. If so ur heart feels, buy a cover. 
6) SOUND QUALITY :
 Average sound quality. Doesn't provide a headset. Need to spend extra bucks for that bullshit. Has a equalizer and headphone options for user comfort. 
 THE FINAL VERDICT 
It was awesome phone for the price, good deisgn, better picture, sleek design, average battery backup. 
 Mobile gets Heated Quickly 
Looses Screen Sensitivity Often 
Constantly Hangs and Needs Reboot 
There if Problem in Detecting WI-FI signal especially WSK password protected 
Camera Quality is Good 
 I got this mobile 2 days back. Now I am regretting why i bought this product. The heat it generates during/after voice call and video call (Just 5 mins) is like you are holding the hot iron rod.   
 Mobile getting hang with just clicking for picture more than 4-5 pic, you need to lock and unlock it again and again.
also every morning you need to off - on the mobile.
need to clean other apps recently you were working with again and again. 
 I ordered this phone 3 months ago Firstly i am very happy to see this phone initial impression was very good. Then a few months it lag a lot and then after so many updates it work ood. Then i uprade miui6 to miui7beta . My phone performance goes ahead.Ram management also good,but it lag in music and others apps. Mi is giving MIUI7 gobal version on 27 october 2015....... 
 I purchased this in BBD (BIG BILLION DAY) SALe by FLIPKART.. I am amazed to see the discount..
I am impressed by the quality and usage of the phne that this is my second purchase from the website..
Great processor and touch is quite fast with one of the best front camera ..
SELFIE ppl dont miss it !
10/10 for this phone 
 Awesome phone
Full HD graphics
When I bought the phone, on Day 1 , it started heating, but when I updated it, Heating gone away, Now it sometimes heats when playing high graphics game Asphalt 8 airborne, THe phone comes with 2 gigs of ram but onlly 1 gb is available to the user, still the phone does not lag.
Awesome phone at the end of the day, Using the phone from last two months and it has been updated 5 times, amazing architecture, 64 bit, full HD display. 
 I bought this Phone on 30 July 2015. After 2 Months only My Speaker Stopped working. 
I visited Xiaomi India Service Center at Vikas Marg to repair the same. 
Sorry to say that just to repair / replace a speaker which is in guarantee period they have  
asked me to come after 20 Day's to collect my Phone.. 
I dont know how i am going to manage my day to day work without a phone. 
A request, please think twice before you go for Xiaomi Phones. 
Regards,
Louis M Dsouza 
 Its an amazing phone But friends if you want to buy this mi 4i please buy it in a colour except white colour Because when scratches comes to this phone it looks very bad. surely buy it in yellow , black , purple colour 
 working not good, automatically on & off hanging 
compare with local brand and Mi4i better local brand, 
 Product has defect so many times ask to replace but was not done. still i have issue with this phone. 
 seems like cheaper phones are not worth buying.
If you want use whatsapp non stop then dont buy this phone. 
If i open any applications with in 5 Min it heated to much and Internet related issue.  
I have used it only for 2-3 hrs and its temp bump to 42 degree.... 
Over heating device after 4 minutes continue talk, also not support video of resolution 322*240. 
 I used the product for a month 
pro
1.camera is good
2.slim 
3.dual 4g 
cons
1.a lot software bugs
2.u will get 400mb free RAM in daily use
3.gets hang
4.pocket dail function has big issue 
Not worth to buy Go for Some Other 
 In reality Horrible and Cheap.No local Support from OEM.
every two days the phone hangs.
most of the corporate applications are not supported.Thanks to the customised OS.
Use the phone for calling for 15 minutes: it heats up to an extent that the skin becomes red. 
 Please don't buy any Xiaomi phone in India, or get reqdy to buy a new one as soon as your phone starts creating problem. Going to an authorised service station is a waste of time and energy. Pathetic experience, if they find any manufacturing defect in the phone they will say that liquid has been found inside. This is what i realised when i went to deposit my phone to the service centre. 2 guys were already complaining about this and i was the third one. The spares cost of the phones is too high that any body will prefer buying a new one, Nice strategy by the company. 
 First of all, don't just choose a phone by going through the specs they offer. This phone has a Snapdragon 615 chipset, yes the one which has heating issues in many phones, and guess what, this phone has beaten all of them in the heating competition, Boom! The temperature may go upto 55 degree Centigrades while playing some games, which is uncomfortably hot to handle. Moreover even after browsing for about 15 mins, the phone starts heating. 
While playing games, the phone even lags sometimes, which was not expected from a phone with such specs. It has 2 gb ram, out of which you get less than 500 mb to use. The rest is all eaten by the heavy MIUI. 
The only things that I like about this phone are the camera and it's full HD display. 
Pros:
1. Full HD screen
2. Camera (Both 13 MP and 5 MP)
3. Light weight/ Slim/ Good looks 
Cons:
1. UI lags many times
2. Heating issues
3. Some applications crash sometimes
4. Low volume 
Instead, I would suggest you all to go with Moto G 3rd Gen. Although you get to see some low specs on paper, but believe me, Motorola is a great brand and it has optimized everything to make such a device which performs way better than this chinese product. It's lag free and has no heating issue at all. And at the same price tag, you even get expandable memory and water proof features which are something to be considered. 
 I brought mi4i mobile from flipkart. After 35 days mobile front camera got repaired. Mobile heating like iron box, if not using internet and games also. Then i given mobile to service center at chennai. Then they took long time to repair and service center response is very bad and they not even pick up the phone to confirm the repair. After getting repair of front camera, within two days rear cemera got repair. 
As of now, i have used many smart phones, but this is worst mobile in my life. 
My best advice is don't go for any xiaomi products. 
 I have been using MI4i for the past two months ever since i have been facing frequent call drop. Almost each and every call drops frequently. Its really irritating. THE BASIC FUNCTION OF THE PHONE IS FAULTY.
I tried changing the sim cards, changed the network mode (2g, 3g LTE), updated the latest MIUI to (6.7.1.0),
If there is a hardware problem kindly recall the phone. 
 So Nice and phone functionality & feature are so good and faster. i am happy with this phone ! 
Thanks MI 
 Everything is Good.But More Heating Problem.
Micro Sd is not supported.Camera is very good both front and back camera.
Pendrive is also supported. 
 Writing this review after 3 Months usage. The first thing to say is the hopeless aftersales service of MI. My Charger became faulty within one month. After 45 days my front camera started giving problems. The camera gives grainy pictures. Tried calling their support. They told some cache wiping . But nothing worked out. They told to take to service center. I am living in Calicut Keral. My nearest Service Center is Ernakulam abt 200 KMS away. Also there are 3 Service centers in Kerala. But none of them are reachable. So unless you have a MI service center near you never ever buy this product. When I searched MI forums a lot of other customers are facing front camera issues. But MI has never taken any steps to resolve it. 
Speaking abt the product 
PROS
1. Display is good.
2. Battery is good.
3. Decent Cameras
4. Interface is fine
5. I am not heavy gamer.. So cant comment abt heating 
CONS
1. Low Speaker / Ring volume
2. No headphones, Case, along with the phone
3. Speaker placed in back side doesn't give good volume
4. Hopeless support 
 For normal use it's good..! Heating prob occurs at times..! Quality and config is superb.! Overall performance is superb. 
 Purchased a terribly elegant white Xiaomi mi4i with a COD last week from flipkart and must say it was a fantastic experience. The smart phone looks smart and acts smart as well in the sense it is absolutely worth the money spent. I think. Earlier i had faced a problem with EKART but the service of delhivery was must better.  
Tripti Pune 
 Pros
1.No heat issue at all. I have downloaded much heavier games and played them along many applications running simultaneously. No lag whatsoever.
2. Camera quality is brilliant(both front and rear). As compare to Moto G(3rd gen) it is superior.
3. Battery backup it moderate.
4. Display is absolutely magnificent. Full HD makes a perfect display.
5. Lightweight. Again thumbs up!!! 
Cons
1. MIUI eats up too much RAM. Even after having 2GB of RAM it always occupies more than 50%. But there is no lag in application loading or switching between them.  
 Awesome Mobile ,Good build Quality,good sound Quality good,
only small heating problem
Provide a relevant, unbiased overview of the product. Readers are interested in the pros and cons of the product. 
 Awesome mobile, as well as quick service of Flipkart..EMI option are very easy & transplant.its very helpful for who's person not buy to expensive gadget on cash payment.  
Thank you Flipkart 
 but phone is heating while playing games and using wifi but good phone and just analysis all the mobile and then come to this mobile camera clarity is good sound decent, display superb, lot of facilitys then only this phone is heating  
 I think this is the best camera available in a phone AFAIK. The selfies and pics are simply superb and the speed of the phone is simply superb! Buy it before it sells out. 
 Bought this phone for my wife during the Flipkart Season Sale under Exchange and Cashback offers. 
Xiaomi Mi 4i is a phone very high on Specs and Features. Ideal buy at the price point it is available. 
Major Drawback is no support for additional SD Card. The memory available is only around 12 GB. 
Also you can feel the lag even if it has the latest MIUI6 based on Lollipop 5.0.2 after continuous use of around a month.  
This phone is Ideal for people who do not have too heavy usage of the phones and hence do not load too many apps on the phone. 
 Best device in this price range.(No looking Back) 
pros:
light weight
Stylish beyond expectations
BATTERY: Minimal heat generated (Used continuosly for 4 hrs , intensive Gaming) after the latest update by MIUI 6.6.6.0
Camera : Good 
Cons:
Has no inbuilt MENU 
 After a month of my purchase of Mi4i,the phone in not charging.I have submitted the mobile in Mi service centre they said the mobile charging panel is issue,so they attached a new one.Now after changing the charging panel the same issue ocurs.They said the charger have the problem so they replaced it with new charger.And again the same issue ocurs as i am was checking the mobile in a service centre after delivery.They said now they have to change the Battery and Motherboard.I have been visiting the Mi service centre by travelling 2 hours from my home.I have visited the the service centre 4 times but the issue is not resolved.It has become an HEADACHE  
 Even after getting the replacement, the phone has not stopped giving issues like, charging is not happening if the battery level goes below 10% you have to switch it off and charge. sometimes the voice of the other person is not audible. touch doesn't respond at times, apps crash frequently.
A definite no buy. 
 First Day of Usage : 20-08-2015 
I had used nexus 4 for last 3 years. I wanted to buy the new nexus but they are bit bulky. So I chose Mi4i as I liked its design, it fits my current budget and wanted to get hang of so hyped MiUi 6 . Below are few pointers which I found out. The comparison is done with nexus 4 only as I have only used that before. All are my personal opinions with no intention to hard anybody.  
1. Looks and Design (Score 4)- Mi4i scores equal to nexus 4 on this aspect as Nexus 4 was also very beautiful. I will rate it 4 when compared to other devices in range of 12-22. Only exception for me in looks is Asus Zenfone. That scores high 5 in this segment . 
2. Camera - (Score 5) - For me its very very good in comparison with Nexus 4. They do have very good camera UI. 
3. Battery Life (Score 4) I know many people are having issues with battery life. I hope I dont get that in future but based on my usage on first day. I am very satisfied with the battery life. I am moderate user, no gaming but youtube videos, continuous Emails, Whatsapp, FB, zomato and lots of apps. 
4. MiUI (Score 3) - This was one of the factors that I wanted to experience when I booked this device. Not so good as hyped. I more sort of like stock android over it.  
5. Performance (Score 2 ) - Nexus and all other google play devices beat this performance hands down. There is bit of lag while shifting in between apps. Screenshot takes time. Camera app is bit slow. In all the 2 GB RAM is not worth it or its getting utilized in MiUi stuff itself . You wont get much RAM for own utilization,if you are serious gaming freak I would request you not to buy this device.  
6. Connectivity (Score 3 ) - This lags in getting 3G signal many times. On 2G it works fine but 2G is bygone now and considering this supports LTE , I dont think this device is ready to handle 4G. However not so bad experience so I will rate 3 on this parameter.  
7. Audio and Video Quality (Score 5) - Very decent output in comparison with Nexus 4. Both Audio and Video are awesome with feature of choosing headphone mode. Which I liked a lot.  
8. Overall ( Score 4) - If you are moderate user and you like sleek phones with good bright UI on top of it , please take this. If you are geeky or gaming freak, stay away from this. This will make you cry . I hope this device stays good for longer. But after buying this I felt that I am taking risk. Lets see if works out. I will add to this review as I use it going forward.    
 Phone is good but the sound is extremely slow, not able to listen music with little noise . 
Other than the mentioned problem , I found it a good phone. 
Thanks 
 It's really a bad product from day 1 i am facing battery problem and how to replace it still i don't know why such products you are market ing i don't know really it's creating problem for me my friends told me not to purchase china item but i didn't listen now i am facing huge problem rating i will give 0 but option is not there 
 Mobile is too handy nd every thing runs smoothly touch nd Camera amazing but sometime some app will get close automatically dont knw y 
 I don't think this phone is in anyway better than likes of moto G 3rd gen etc. The problems that I faced:
1. As everyone have mentioned, it gets heated up a lot
2. I faced problem with 4G connectivity. I had to go to the service center and then only it got fixed.
3. The phone hangs even when just 2-3 apps are running, leave aside HD games n all
4. Whenever I try to connect to a new wifi network, the phone hangs everytime I try to enter a password. U have to reboot it a number of times before it doesnt hang.
I had taken a MI power bank earlier and it stopped working, Still I showed trust in MI 4I, utterly disappointed. 
I am done with MI products for ever. 
 I'll be direct... performance is poor. Many Apps are lagging including "play store" and "facebook". 
Pros:
Good display, 
Good battery, 
light weight, 
slim and good design 
Cons:
Lags for most of the app,
Heating up sometimes,
Camera ok,
Bad sensor response time,
or you can say slow sensors,
No headset.
GPS is not accurate.
Not for gamers. 
 I am big fan of Xiaomi and used Mi3 in past. My screen broke off so decided to upgrade to Mi4i. 
The day i received delivery applied all upgrades/patches. My usage is mostly limited to Google Maps, Calls and Whatsapp. Zero Gaming... 
After 4-5 days of usage i found phone started heating up when Google maps was running to the extent that i cannot talk. I thought it was just one time ...Then it happened again randomly.. BTW by now i had already invested 2000 in genuine Mi accessories... 
It started happening almost everyday on random mostly when i am travelling in car with AC ON. 
Lodged a complaint with Flipkart and then i started seeing the real colors of Indian e-commerce Flamboyant real colors. They refuse to accept the fact that it is heating and sent me one App..They called me and check temperature with App which was much less obviously as the phone was not heated up..They refuse to accept the return.. 
I am also extremely regular shopper with Flipkart however i never had to return anything , this is first time i had something to return and i was shocked they way they refused.. 
In fact recently i bought a laptop from paytm which was slow and hanging and they refunded my money without any questions asked. Needless to say i bought the next laptop again from PayTM itself.. 
Actually you get to know the real principles of any company when something goes wrong and Indian Poster boy has let me down here big time.. Never thought that Mister Bansal will try to cheat people on name of 30 days warranty.. I more disappointed with Flipkart than the Phone...I only wanted replacement with the piece with no defect..
Needless to say I will be bidding adieu to Flipkart..... 
You might want to wait this to happen with you and then bid adieu or can take this step proactively... 
 .. not so much exiting.. always hanging.. heating after upgrade as well.. touch not working . intermittently speakers not working. some times mic not working.  
Slim and sleek is the only pro. 
 I have been using this phone from 5th May 2015 i.e Approx 3 months.Initially when i purchased this phone it had heating problem, phone used to heat up quickly but after 1 week or so after purchasing phone the update of 900MB came i updated my phone and Trust me it resolved all the heating problems now i have installed games of 1 gb and 1.5 gb still phone works very properly. So If planning to buy this phone? It is really worth.It has a good display nice build nice camera and MIUI is also nice and There is no lag while playing games and the nice thing is that it charges very quickly. Overall I am happy with this phone at this price tag!! 
AND IF YOU ARE FACING HEATING PROBLEM IN YOUR PHONE JUST UPDATE YOUR PHONE IT WILL SURELY RESOLVE YOUR PROBLEM!! :) 
 using since 2 months.. now in MIUI 6.6.6.0, battery backup is good, i should say a day time heavy usage at full charge at morning leaves me at almost 30% at evening when i get back at home. 
My Usage:-
Calls - 2g/3g(auto) - almost 20 calls totalling to maybe 1.5Hrs
 - Internet calls - 2 Hrs min
Data - Wifi and Mobile Data is On 24/7. it switches and connects automatically when i reach home.
Games - not playing games heavily in mobile. max 10 - 15 minutes.
Display - at auto brightness ( with double tap to wake ON). 
I will recommend and has already made two of my friends get Mi4i at 10% off offer just like me. 
I am looking forward to life expire my mi4i for my next adventure with the latest mi phone of that time.. maybe mi7.. :) :) :) 
 I am using mi4i since 24th May. I have one more in 14th July. I have already use many android phone, such as Samsung Galaxy Note 3, HTC 816g, Xperia C3, etc... but believe me or not, this is a great mobile than all the mobile which i have used earlier. I am not explaining the specification which already explained many. But I would like to share some good and bads about this phone.
Good:-
1. Design... It is unibody design that lends it a very solid look and feel.It's build from high quality polycarbonate which gives very premium looks like iphone 5s.
2. Display... this is something great which is not available in most high end phone.
3. Camera... Fabulous. I checked with Xperia Z3 & Galaxy A7 at Chroma Showroom, I can say the xiaomi mi4i camera is something great.
4. Perfomance...as a normal user I am very satisfied the way it is performing.
5. Battery... for me it is lasting 36 to 40 hours with normal use.
Bad:-
1. No Headset... Xiaomi should have prove this. All the ear phone will not work with mi4i.
2. Heating... It is major problem in all xiaomi phones and the story is still continuing. Even i have done the new OTA update, still the heat is there.
3. Limited Storage... out of 16gb internal storage, 10.68gb of which is available for applications and user date when you boot up the phone for the first time.. which is good enough for me..but not everyone. Xiaomi is offering USB OTG support for this phone. 
Overall it is nice deal and you can easily beat the high end phones around 20,000/- price tags. 
 Though the phone has good features, my phone had a heating and subsequent power off issue which reflects on the overall quality of the phone. 4 times into the service centre and no resolution yet. understand that my phone has serious hardware and battery issues.
Not a recommended phone for new buyers. There are better options. 
 I got this phone nearly 2 months back. There are a lot of issues with this phone, but I am listing down the major ones here.
First, as every one as written in their reviews, there is a lot heating problem with this phone. When you are charging this phone its practically impossible to talk. But it doen't end here the phone unnecessarily get heated up even when its not charging
Second, as every one has written the loudspeaker is really frustrating. Some time the phone goes mute and some times the sound produced by loudspeaker has a lot of noise with it. Although this behavior is intermittent, but it is very frustrating.
I have got these issues in less than 2 month of usage, I dont know how many such defects are yet to come. 
So my suggestion is please don't go with this phone. 
 i bought this phone two months ago and enjoyed replacing my samsung Duos . Picture quality is good with many options of effects. Battery is good for general use, though i do not use for gaming.
perfectly happy with the product :) 
 This phone has lot of expectation before launching when i purchase this phone i was not happy as heating problem & rates are worth 
 This review questions the aggressiveness shown by Xiaomi and Flipkart to sell Mi4i without Beta testing the phone. 
Initially I was sceptical about buying this phone after reading the reviews but could not find any other phone with similar specs and price, so finally purchased Grey on June 24. The phone had all issues mentioned in the reviews like heating, battery draining even without any use. I used to dread taking this phone outstation as battery will die out anytime if not charged twice in a day. The rear camera also freezed once while attending an important function, missed all those beautiful moments. 
Finally I requested return which obviously Flipkart refused on flimsy grounds.
But thankfully to my utter surprise after July 24 update the phone became a GEM. No or little heating, The battery has also lasted for 36 hrs. without recharge and still going. 
So the question arises that if hardware issues could have been resolved by ROM update then why were Xiaomi and Flipkart were in such a big hurry to sell this phone without going for vigorous testing......... 
Hope the phone behaves as above in future........... 
 Current MIUI Version: MIUI 6.6.10| Stable
I'm writing this review to share my experience on Xiaomi Mi4i after 2 Months of Usage.
I'm a medium user with no serious gaming. I multitask a lot and here's is my genuine review:
Pros:
[+] Very Light weight and slim with premium looks. It feels great in holding in hand. The build quality is also great.
[+] You can easily use with one hand.
[+] 1080p FHD Display is one of the best displays employed in the 10k-20k range smartphones. The colour reproduction is  
excellent.
[+] Excellent 5 MP Front Camera 13 MP Rear Camera. The photos are sharp and vivid enough.
[+] After the 6.6.6 Update, we get 1 GB RAM free out of 2 GB RAM. No issues or lags with multitasking.
[+] The Quickcharge v2.0 feature is very handy and helps us to charge the 3030 mAh battery fast.
[+] With the latest updates, the battery stands for 2 Days with casual usage. At heavy usage, it lasts a whole day. So  
the battery seems great for a normal usage.
[+] MIUI v6 is wonderful to use and has lots of features. Also the OTG, Sunlight Display and Other Sensors works well.
[+] The Smart Flip Cover makes it grip to hold and also adds protection to device without adding bulkiness. The Sleep Wake  
sensor also works fine. 
Cons:
[-] As you heard in all reviews, YES, the phone does heats under gaming. But under normal usage, it DOES not heat. The  
heating issue may be due to Snapdragon 615 chipset. But after the cover was put on, i barely noticed heating. So dont get  
down with the "heating" if you are not a gamer.
[-] Expandable storage may be an issue for some users, but i'm happy with the 16 gigs. Also the OTG helps us if we want to  
store any large files. 
*Please understand that Xiaomi is working hard in giving updates for this phone and rectifying bugs. This is evident from  
the fact that after my purchase i got frequent updates: 6.5.6 -> 6.6.1 -> 6.6.2 -> 6.6.6->6.6.10(Latest). So dont worry, i  
think the phone will be updated with a stable rom soon. 
*The MIUI forum is very helpful for understanding the new developments and also to clear our doubts regarding the phone. 
ADVICE: Please do a FACTORY RESET after an update. This will fix all the issues.
 Also Try to use original Mi accessories to retain its looks. 
FINAL VERDICT: The Mi4i definitey is a strong competer in the sub 15K segment with lot of stellar features including  
Display, Camera etc but having issues of heating under gaming. So for a casual to medium user who wants an overall best  
user experience, Mi4i is a great device to look for. For gamers, stay away from this Device. 
RATING: 4/5   
 Thought of giving a review for Xiaomi Mi 4i I have been using this beauty since a week. 
Pros: 
1. The Build Quality is awesome
2. The Launcher is clean and neat.
3. Display is awesome with a 441 PPI Display.
4. The Best cam in the market with 2K resolution.
5. Fell in love with the front cam..
6. Sound quality is clear and so good.
7. Battery easily lasts for a day which includes an hour of gaming, wifi, 3g etc.
8. Unique design ( No trace of Android Lolipop )
9. No heating issue after the update
10. Slim body and light weight.
11. Permissions is awesome 
Cons: 
1. Inexpandable memory
2. Lags a bit while multitasking (only 800-900 mb ram is remaining)
3. Can also be 1GB RAM unused if you do not use any background running application. 
Thank you. If you find this review useful Give it a thumbsup so that for other users it may be useful 
 pros:
1. great display
2. good music player subject to good headphones(speaker sound is low)
3. value for money 
cons:
1. performance not top notch(being a octa core). there are moments when phone will take a second more to open a app 
conclusion: go for it 
PS: the phone doesnt heat up much(justifiable) after the latest update. 
 Even when mobile data & all other features are turned off power is still draining. 
It takes around 4- 4.30 hrs to get fully charged..... so beware.......... 
 All features are good.
-battery life is awesome.
-user interface is good. 
* after using 2-3 apps at same time phone HEATS very fast.
*during charging also it gets heated.  
 i bought this phone yesterday for my friend , it has started heating like anything .. cant even place calls or do hold the phone for a long time  
pathetic service and hardware is too bad if this heats up a lot !!!! 
even after update the phone doesnt stop itself from heating up , although i have applied for a return !! 
i dont know about other reviews people are making .. but in my case it heats up like i will not recommend it to any one !!  
 the phone seems to heat up... no expandable memory...except that a very nice device ...................................................................................................................... 
 the phone have serious heating problem, the phone get heated while playing games and using internet buy only if u can tolerate heating upto 50 c becuase they will not replace ur device until it reaches temp of 50c. i have expericiened temp upto 46 c. if u want better phone go for lumia 730 its good 
 I bought the Mi4i 16 gb grey mobile from flipkart, trust me its useless. dont but this mobile phone. After paying 13,000 there are not 1 or 2 issues with the mobile but plenty. 
Following are the problems - 
1.After inserting micro sim, it still show - NO SIMCARD
2. It take more than 15 - 20 mins for mobile phone to get switched on / off.
3. Music cant be played - It shows - Can't be played
4. The phone is hanging a lot. 
Flipkart technical team will call only once in a day as its a system generated schedule.
they will again call me tomo , which i have to wait!! 
BLUNTLY NO TO MI4I MOBILE PHONE !!!! 
Flipkart asking for user rating - it must be negative, but they dont have.  
 Please don't buy this Phone,
Over Heating Issues , which will heat up after basic use like 
Open Cam
On Flush light 
Music Player  
it's an heater box please don't buy 
this is my request 
 I am using this phone from last 7 days there is no issues, Very good Battery back up, no heating issue & good Camera overall its a beautiful phone 
 I would advise you to stay as far away as possible from this crappy phone. I had purchased it as a gift for someone and when I was able to give it to the person ( had been sitting sealed for 1 month hence return option expired). The screen had a black Patch. I visited a Service Center in Defense colony, Delhi only to be told that they only provide software support and no hardware support. How outrageous is that? completely shitty after sales network, so if you trust your stars that you wont get a buggy one, go for it, but if you want a safer investment, do not buy this.  
 Review after 6 month use: 
Pros: 
 Excellent camera
 Very good display quality
 Ease to use 
 Very good design
 Good performance
 Good battery backup- even after gaming and internet usage for the day  
Cons:
 Heating issue but not a big problm!!!
 Phone getting hang sometimes especially video player !!
 Charging problem found which got corrected after update.So no worries.. 
 Worst Battery ever even in standby mode the battery drains within 8hrs. Second Sim card is getting undetected automatically, frequent unexpected restarts, Even I complained 2 times in Flipkart within 1 week of the purchase but there executives were not responding properly and now they're saying that 30 days are over so they can't do anything. 
 very good look and good feel while handling the phone,430 ppi display is very good,rear camera is very clear but the problem with the phone the Mi interface not user friendly, worst part of the phone is very bad service support and customer support and net work connectivity.
Within weeks time I have replaced the mi4i rfor bad network connectivity, and second one is also having the same problem,even connected to airtel 4g and bsnl broad band the signal strength will be in 0.1-1Kbs.
No response from Xiomi/mi customer centre. 
I had tough time with Flipcart customer care to get the replacement and found same problem
with the second phone also.No answer from mi customer care centre, I don't know how to solve this . 
I suggest please think twice/thrice before buying this phone. 
 I had bought Mi 4i during flash sale in May and am writing this review after 2 months of usage.
* no heating issues...i had updated the firmware soon after buying and probably that helps
* battery is quite good...though it doesn't last 2 full days even on battery saving 2G signal...if u put on 3G then its just more than 1 day...if u select 4G then just 1 day!!
* screen resolution is awesome...adjusts screen brightness automatically in sunlight or low light
* very light weight and finishing is sleek
* 2 GB RAM....sadly the available is around 1 GB only for installing apps as rest all used by Android or default apps
* both front and rear cameras are great...very minimal shutter lag compared to any other phone in this price range..nice flash also....however, it lacks various shooting modes which are common in an average phone also nowadays...so thats a dampener
* Performance is great...multi-tasking is smooth due to the octa-core processor
* MI UI is good but didnt feel great...overall I did not find Lollipop as an improvement over kit kat
* no earphone provided...thats a downer for such a high-end phone...the sound is low for media, ringtone or speaker but good enough for regular phone usage  
To summarize, you simply cannot get a high-end and fully loaded smartphone with these features at this price...and so just go for it...unless you want everything perfect in which case you need to spend 35k for experia Z3 which is the next best thing!! 
 Camera and display is good. 
processing is slow, , not user friendly quality.things are not good.i not expect this feature/quality. 
 dont buy any mi product. they are made up of cheap quality materials. i have purchased this cell 2 months ago. last week cell is not getting charged i went to service center they have cahrging card. agian after 5 days of use i have got the same problem.
 and now i am going to service center.
if you want to go to center like me please go ahead buy these dam waste mi products. 
 Execellent and crisp display
Sunlight leigibility works as demonstrated
Excellent battery backup
Updated the software around 810 MB
light warm during browsing (here i want to confirm that all octacores having the warm during browsing, its quite common , i also checked in lenovo a7000 and galaxy s4 has heating, gets warm during browsing)
i also quite confused to get or not but got it and checked warm is there during browsing.
No heating during making calls
Simply superb
Good notification led
Good camera 
Played hd games withiut any lag like asphalt  
Just go for it without any thoughts. Dont confuse by seeing the reviews as its getting heated like heater, i think some are new for this, so rating badly. 
 now its been 2 months i am using this phone ,, fully satisfied with its features and performance ,:-
1- best camera (both front and rear)
2-games runs butter smooth
3-awsm disply 441pixel amazing.
4-classic look 
 i wll deduct 1 star for its non expandable memory. 
 buid quality is great.... 
body has metal finish look even though its polycarbonate... 
camera quality is excelent... 
heats up a bit.... ( not too much)
excellent display 
OVERALL AWSOME PRODUCT IN THIS PRICE RANGE...
completely satisfied 
 after a long comparison i opted to go for this. the camera qualities are very good, especially the front camera (5 mp)....very sensitive touch screen, good sound and has an exceptionally good display....but did not observe the overheating problem during multitasking even after running the apps for a very long time...u can play subway surfer, clash of clans, Asphalt 8 also .... after playing the subway surfer for 30 mins while charging the temperature was 38 C, which was OK.....update the system and experienced the awesome Mi 4i 
 the phone is best in this price range  
and the most imp i am really happy with flipkart replacement policy ............ thnx for the replacement of my phone .... 
best customer support .... 
 You will get similar config's at better price, so this should be a phone around 10k.
Quality & build is quite good. There was heating issues & random outgoing calls by itself (Seems like a software bug)... However, it was resolved after the update.
Camera is pretty decent for the overall price of the phone. 
 Are you calling this as service. The BlueDart's Baramati branch is the worst branch, they never give door delivery. always calls the customer and said that come here and collect your product.  
But i'll give flipkarts 5/5 stars
BlueDart you dosent deserve a single star 
 Awesome phone with this price range...battery backup is good and No heating bugs awsome picture quality 
 everything is good in this phone.. i hav to use this phone last 2 week and i have no any prlm with my mi4i...
Good Camera , betry, screen , disign , performance everything perfect.....  
 Thought of giving MI4i a chance and purchased it.
Within 2 days the volume key stopped working.
Got phone replaced.
The new phone Came but that too have a sim slot issue.
One of the sim card slot in tray was not working.
Got the phone replaced again.
Now the new phone came , hoped it will work well.
But after 3-4 days of use , problems have started appearing in it too.
There are random black patches coming on screen. Noticed a prominent black line at one corner of screen.
does flipkart replaces the devices with the refurbished or do mi4i does not ensure the quality and robustness of mobile phones.
Just hoping to get my cash back and will definitely go for a branded phone this time such as samsung or other 
 Heating of phone during charging is a major problem which all buyer will face with Mi 4i. 
BUT my phone's screen busted while charging, thankfully no one was hurt
The customer care says it is a physical damage which cannot be covered under warranty, even if it is due to manufacturing fault !!!!! 
Xiaomi is taking all the buyers for a ride by promising warranty which is never there or as per their wish.   
 i purchased this phone on july 3rd, i have been using this phone for since then.Couple of days before i noticed a green mark in my screen.now i have requested for a replacement and going to get my replacement in next day.Apart from that i found this phone really great.First of all display and camera they booth are really the greatest that you can get it in this price range.for this prize the display quality was out of the world.Both the front and back cameras excel in taking photos in low light &out door.Video quality was ok.i did not face a heating problem till now,yes iam a moderate user &the phone heats up when you use it for browsing internet for long time.But it was never like i can't handle the phone situation i just felt a warm feeling anything as a huge problem.the battery performance is also good it lasts a day easily(12hrs)may be 20 hrs....but for 3000+ mah battery i dont think it is enough(when you use it for constant gaming and browsing it will last only up to 5-8hrs). Miui 6 is great it gives the user chance to customise your device completely.if u need a stock android experiance you can easily use google now launcher.snapdragon 615 is a good option but the phone is sluggish sometimes.that will force you to restart your device at least once in couple of days so that the device starts working smoothly........if you are looking for a phone for day to day use you can complete for this device it is totally worth it 
 mi4i mobile is not that much to the expectations. 
Pros:
light weight 
camera(fornt and back) 
Cons:
Not good for mobile data which is the main feature for smart phone !!! :-( 
i got a defect product (unfortunately both sims are disabled automatically).
Finally they replaced the product after a lot of calls!!! 
 The look and feel of the device is great, camera and picture quality is inferior to none. The sunlight visibility feature is excellent no problem in operating the device in bright sunlight. I found no lags in normal usage.  
However, in terms of performance specially i rate it as poor the device is heating like anything, battery drain is enormous not lasting even 6 hours even without any battery draining applications like games etc. Also the proximity sensor has some issue, i experience the call quality is below average, not sure whether it is due to operator or phone. Just on the second of my purchase I heard a very loud and cracking noise from the speakers during live call in speaker mode. Though i must admit, i did not get again 
I requested for return, i found unusual flip-flop approach from flipkart side. There service engineers are trying to get in touch with me since last three days. 
I have already stopped using this phone and switched back to my old phone as i fear batteries may not last during critical phone calls.    
 Don't think about negative review.....phone is awesome...and yes if you have any problem then flipkart is gave you best solution...best service of flipkart....i have lenovo k3 note and Mi4i But Mi4i Is Far Better Then Lenovo K3 Note...Perfect Phone Under 20k....Flipkart Is Awesome....Thank You Flipkart....!!! 
 Firstly, I would like to thank Flipkart for their quick delivery on the product. Guys, please note that this is my honest review of using this phone for around 2 months. 
Pros-
Brilliant 1080p Screen with Vibrant Colors
Good Camera. Honestly, I did not expect it to be good considering it was made in China! Lol
Good Battery. A 3000 MaH battery in a 5 inch phone is nothing to complain about!
Overall Build quality is good
Performance is decent considering the price. 
4G / LTE. Finally!1 Its always better to have a phone with LTE Bands. 
Now oming to the Cons/Negatives
The UI is not stable. Crashes a lot of times even on simple things like while receiving a call Comes up with Error ' Unfortunately, Call function has stopped. Same applies to Gallery and Camera 
The Phone heats up quite easily even while doing simple tasks like using Camera. 
This Phone becomes a tAWA aka Like a Hot frying Pan while playing any Game. Trust me this is so annoying. 
Heats up while using 4g/LTE Too. Specially when you enable Data or Voice Calling. 
I am really unsure of any Security/ OS Updates on this phone as this is a Custom UI (MiUi) 
Loudspeaker quality is bad. But thanks to some tweaks and updates this is getting better. 
No expandable Storage. This is the Biggest Con of all.  
Overall Verdict.
You cannot ask for anything more from this phone when your getting it for this cheap with decent features. Yes, I understand everyone needs quality stuff, Trust me I have used a HTC One (M7) and the Build was awesome but camera sucks!! Every Phone has its Pros and Cons. But I feel this one has a Balance between Price and Performance and features good enough for Daily use. 
 heating very much.
don't buy this handset................................................................... 
 I have been using Mi 4i grey product from last 2 weeks.
Pros:
 1. Its very handy and look premium in the hand.
 2. Super clarity, worth a buy and sunlight display works when exposed to sunlight. Many of my old devices had a problem in viewing during sunny day outside.
3. OTG supported.
4. Big plus is 4G, i could download 10mb in 4 secs. Super fast with Airtel 4G. 
Cons:
1. Average battery backup. It didn't looked to me as a 3100mh battery as it lasts only for one day.
2. Gets bit of heating during charging and while gaming or on heavy usage. It came around 42 degree.
3. Non expandable memory, user will have approx. 10GB od space.
4. Not satisfied with image quality. Still images looks good but when clicked against moving objects it takes pathetic pictures.
5. Do not use without hard cases, since it looked to me delicate. 
Overall it looked to me good, in spite of many negatives. You can definitely worth a try. 
Not happy with Flipkart delivering the product. It took me almost a week to get this delivered. 
 After 2 months of usage I personally feel that mobile is great in terms of features in this price range. But lacks in battery & software(Heating & charging issues occur often) 
Pros:
1) Display 441 PPI is just awesome. Playing games and watching movies is superb.
2) Both primary & secondary Camera are fantastic. Focus & others features are quite decent.
3) Design of the mobile is good. Less weight. It's easy to remove stains on mobile.
4) Root access is great. Can remove unwanted default installed softwares. 
Cons:
1) Doesn't have expandable storage
2) Often I face heating issues
3) Battery 3120 mAh is for name sake. Battery drains too faster.
4) Software (MiUi) feels good but doesn't works properly at times. E.g: While charging the mobile at particular stage the charging stops. Say, charges from 10% to 64% thereafter I couldn't find any indication of charging. I need to restart the mobile to continue the charging process.
5) Sound quality is very worst and most of the headphones are not supported by Mi mobiles 
 I bought 2 of these phone during sale. I thought nothing can beat this configuration and all app will work great, But reality is far from it. The customized OS sucks. The battery discharges within 6-7 hours even on very low usage. Many regular apps hangs. Even the dialer hangs a lot. Most of the time only 250 MB of 2GB is left, even though I don't use many games or power apps much. The worst thing is happening now. The phone is not even charging and this is just within 10-15 days of usage (I did not use it for long after the purchase, I was supposed to give it as a gift to family). I have checked there is nothing wrong with the charger. Something is wrong with phone itself
Now I have to contact Xiomi service center. I don't know how much they will help.
My advice would be don't go for this phone it only promises to be good but it is simply waste of money. 
 hanging frequently and some times heated while charging the phone. when i am using internet n call came then at that time it also hang 
 Veryyyy VerYYYY nicEEE phonEEE...
pros-
1>Display quality is superBBB
2>front camera is also superBB
3> back camera is good
4>Light weighted
5>good looking
6>build quality
7>slim size
8>comfortable in hand 
cons-
 >>yaa there is heating issue 
But that is not a deal breaker for me 
 1. Its been a week now and the phone is smooth like butter.
2. I am a MI fan and this phone has fulfilled my expectations.
3. It is worth the money.
4. No heating issues.(I found none, anyways laptops also heat).
5. Fully charge lasts for one whole day with regular use. 
 1. Awesome look and feel
2. Camera is also powerful
3. I am happy to have this product.
Its so thin that gives it sexy look and front camera is awesome. Processor is also feels good when i used to play games. Only one drawback is You need to buy earphones externally,because no headset along with this. 
 Beautiful hardware ,nice software(need to learn), great specs and such low price
No heating issue(updated the software), 
 First of all i would like to say that this is an amazing phone. Great features, great battery and the performance is great too at this price range. I was shit scared when i read the negative comments before buying the phone. Everybody stated that phone heats up like an oven but actually it's not. It's just regular heating for smartphones and even if you find it unusual, it is bearable and i don't mind the heat. Ofcourse if you play graphic extensive games like asphalt 8 it surely will heat up like anything. If you are a hardcore gamer then definitely not this phone. Mild to medium gamers can do with this phone. Day to day activities are easily done on this phone. The front and rear cameras are both great. The strength of the phone is quite good. It has Corning OGS glass which is at par with gorilla glass 3.(Same Company) I bought the white version of the phone which has matte finish. It feels good but a slippery too. The phone is light and quite slim. I'd say Xiaomi has done a great job making this phone and most probably they will keep releasing updates. There was already an update waiting for me as soon as i unboxed the phone and switched it on. I'd recommend this phone to everyone. :) 
P.S - I haven't found any faults with this phone. Been 1 week with this phone and already dropped it thrice. It looks still new. Goodluck guys. May you choose wisely. :D 
 Hardware is good, dropped couple of times, no dent.. device is sturdy. 1 day battery with full charge (WiFi ON full time, Mobile Data (2G) switched ON)
Mobile Switching button and volume buttons are not that soft, design would be improved. 
Photos taken are of good quality, display quality is OK 
Recommend it for features given at this price!! 
 mi 4i is a great device at this price. mobile is good looking , slim . camera quality is preety good. you will get only 12 gb for storage . no lagging and no heating . battery life is well. go for it !!!!!! 
 its an awesome phone to have at this price .
about the heating issue : i dint experience it till now.
problems : no headphones included.  
 pros:
1) Camera - its just wow.!!
2) Battery Life - use the processor to its fullest, it doesn't give a :p :p :p
3) Build - 5/5
4) Display - Best ever
lot more to say.!! 
cons:
1) the MIUI lags a little(rarely)... out of 2 GB RAM, the skin and the system takes 1 GB,but that doesn't make u depressed.
2) Rear Camera lens pop out a bit...u must have a back case for scratchless use..!! 
3) Voice from the speakers feels a bit low. 
PS: Everybody stated about the HEAT issue...i think thats not a big issue ...u can't even notice it if u haven't read the reviews. 
Worth more than the price..!! Anyways, a smartphone is just used for a maximum of 365 days and the "4i" doesn't make u disappointed..! 
 i have bought mi 4i 3 weeks before ...one of the best phone i have ever used........awesome camera,stunning display,good performance..............it is totally a value for money product. 
 cmaera performance is wowwwww love this beauty and hate zenfone2 now and good luck no heating problem it is in zenfone so go ahead and buy mi4i 
 Hi All, 
Before buying this phone I have compared the performance of all the phones with the features like Camera, processer speed, Android version, Cost and Look & Feel.  
Camera - FULL HD - For every picture you will say WOW..! Even in Dark the picture perfect bright. Videos are HD. 
Processer - Latest processer which is not available in even most costliest branded phones. Octa Core - Excellent performance. 
Android Version - Lollipop support the latest apps and no lag at all. Superb performance. You will enjoy handling the phone and browsing through it. 
Cost - 13K - includes all the features of costlier phones.  
Look & Feel - Sleek and Thin. Holds good and easy to use. 
Overall - Perfect phone for everyone. Even my children 3Y and 8Y are able to handle the phone and features very easily. Game performance is also Superb..! 
Worth Buying. Don't miss buying it. 
Seller - Superb no words to say. First phone which got delivered had some issue with front camera. Immediately they tested the phone and agreed for return and got the new phone in perfect condition. Awesome seller.  
 Hi guys. Purchased this phone on the 18th June. Decent delivery time. Got it delivered on a Sunday. 
Reading all the negative reviews, worried me a bit but once I opened the box and actually used it, all my worries just cooled off.
I downloaded the update as mentioned in couple of reviews. So ' NEVER ACTUALLY FELT ' the so called heating issue.
All I can see are only pros and no cons for this wonderful product. Found many similarities between the iOS and the MIUI. But who cares Im enjoying every bit of this phone.
The touch is soft and wonderful.
Both the cameras are great. 
Sound quality is crisp (Using a skullcandy earphone) no earphones with the phone is a bit disappointing. But that is manageable. 
I connect this phone with my Sony home theater system via Bluetooth and it gives great output. Even better than my previous Sony Xperia C.
Very sleek design.
Battery lasts for a day and couple of more hours with good amount of usage.
Bluetooth and WiFi connectivity is upto the mark.
MIUI so far so good no lag not a single issue with the phone till date. 
Each and every pre installed app is wonderful and very much useful. 
Go for it guys. It is surely delivering whatever is mentioned in the product promotion. 
 expected too much from this product of MI .but got nothing ,
poor interface -frequent malfunction ,it becomes sluggish after installing decent amount of apps.low sound output
but one good feature -you can cook your food over it.!! 
 Purchased this near to a month ago, Well i have used a range of smartphones, as moto g2 brokedown expecting a high spec phone and with a awesome experience from mi3, purchased it last month. With a week of usage only i found that the phone was rapidly heating even when it doesnt have any other apps installed than the ones that came with phone. No background usage ones or extensively usage ones.Still it heats to above 40C just for a call of more than 15mins and u know its unbearable to hold on near ur ear.
Coming to the performance the phone is awesome with its display, performance no hanging issue even on lollipop, n MIUI6 handles and maskes sure the phone runs buttery smooth. The battery also lasts well for a day with a usage like 3g for 6-8hrs and 3hrs music and 1hr of gaming and slight calls and it lasted with 2g on for 2 days. 
The worst part is the experience with the flipkart customer care, even upon request they say upto 50C heating , the phone is working in perfect good condition, 
bhai i have purchased phone for using it not for testing if it works fine. wen ppl cant bare a temp outside of 48C how can a phone wrking at 50C be normal. Hate the customer care executives response barely saying u can visit nearest customer centre. I tried for a replacement and they reject just without a call and barely rejecting refund. Will never again buy from flipkart. Other than the heating part the phone is awesome which led me to give a rating of 3. Please buy only if in ur usage u can bare a 50 degree C temp in ur hands. 
 Hi,
I bought Mi4i through Flipkart two days before. The day I received I found that Proximity sensor is not working properly. When I dial a number and press call icon, My display goes blank. It wont come back. Am not able to Disconnect the call, nor operate anything on the display. 
I have complained regarding this to Flikart people. They debugged and said everything is fine and they did some factory reset as well. It is still giving the same issue. Flipkart is not even exchanging the product. They cancelled my return request as well. Dont know what has to be done.  
 Lots of issues... 
1. Heats up within 5 mins of continuous use.
2. Applications close automatically (FB, Whatsapp, etc)
3. Internet gets disconnected by itself 
Looks like this phone has full control on itself and doesn't let User to use it
Now, Flipkart return policy another disappointment, they ask us to use app for them to check the problem itself is that Internet doesn't connect properly (both Wifi and mobile internet). 
Guys, if you want an intelligent phone which runs on its own without user's will, this is the one to go for. 
Wish I could give less than 1 star for both Mi4i and Flipkart's service. 
 I bought grey color phone in flash sale.Wow what a design, I am not able to let my eyes away from this, Superb superb design.I don't know how xiaomi built this slim beauty in this cost.Display, you cannot find any mobile in this price range(not even 20k range) to compare with this.Coming to built quality,you can hit and kill anyone with this without getting damaged,that strong it is,credit goes to xiaomi.(very less weight)
Coming to camera, i am satisfied with both the cameras for pics,but video should be some what better.
Coming to performance, I am able to play alphat 8(high end game) with out any lag.
Coming to heat, yes, i can fell some heat at upper part, but not that much.
Coming to battery,it is good.
Bad part is, it comes with only 16 gb(hardly 10 gb usable) internal memory and not possible to expand it and no head set . 
My suggestion is to take it and feel the beauty.(you will never get disappointed in design and quality)  
 never ever buy this crap from cheap Chinese company, it gets heated like heater, network doesnt catch even if you are standing below mobile tower. i would have rated it 0 if i could. 
 Best android phone under 15k. 
Better than moto g. I recommend this product. 
The main reasons why you should buy this is;
Full HD screen 
Superb Camera
Excellent battery life 
The only con I see is lack of expandable storage. If you are a casual user, go for it. You will never regret. 
Thanks for reading my review. 
All the best! 
 excellent phone. Go for it. Excellent video quality. Nice speed. no heating and hanging issues found. nice battery backup.  
 The UI is great. The only thing lacking in MIUI is an app drawer, but still this doesn't cause any problem, rather the UI looks great without the app drawer! The video & camera quality are excellent and are same as told. This non expendable can be a problem for storage lovers/users. And for the ones who are thinking of playing games can also play,it gives a great gaming performance. I read about about some heating issues earlier, but after using this phone in this summer heat(37-45 *C), I didn't face any heating problems. And I hope I do not face any of this in the future.The only problem I feel is its RAM memory, only approx. 1GB is available for use. But the good thing is that all the pre installed apps can be uninstalled. 
Overall its a great value for money & I would like to give it a rating of 4.8/5.0 . 
 I Have Been using this device over a week...
Gets Hot sometimes but Camera and screen Clarity beats everything
Awesome battery backup upto 2 days with mobile data enables..
Best Phone under 13k 
 I have been using this phone for almost a month and please find below review based on usage. 
Pros:
1. Awesome display
2. Its very light weight
3. Like the MIUI interface and whole lot of exciting features like One-handed mode, Switching ON torch during lock mode etc.
4. Like the Sunlight display feature. 
Cons:
1. Speaker volume is very less
2. There are still few bugs which I noticed like screen goes blank after rejecting call etc. but still those get solved after you lock and unlock the phone, so nothing much to worry about. Hope those would be fixed in next update. 
With respect to the Heating issue, I have updated to the latest MIUI 6.5.6.0 and found there is not much heating. It gets slightly warm during heavy usage but that is acceptable. 
Overall its a very good phone and I love it.  
 snapdragon 615 is the same not the 2nd gen..........
subway surfer will also lag....i already returned ma fone 
 Phone is good, problems are heating issue and speaker volume is very less. Missing lots of phone calls because of low ring volume also unable to listen the GPS navigation voice. Phone is getting heated up while browsing using 3G. MIUI is great and no other issues observed. Think before you buy make sure speaker volume is sufficient for you. 
 This is my first review for any phone. I have brought this phone one and half month ago now I want to share my opinion for this phone so that people can get help. I can give 3 star out of 5. We cant say it is amazing phone. Its good a phone.
Cons: the heating issue is still there. We didn't receive earphone with this phone. Ear phone choose feature available in this phone but sometime earphone not supporting after selection. Difficulty to select your ringtones. Sometimes game is getting slow because of low memory even though 2GB RAM available.
Pros: Nice look. Sound quality is good. Front camera is awesome however back is not that much. Battery backup is fine one day deal not more than that after normal use. Never hang till now. 
 Its a very big lesson for me that not to believe on Chinese Gadgets, I purchased Xiaomi Mi 4i just after one month of its launch in India. But within a month the front camera of the phone started giving problem and was totally out of order. 
The Xiaomo service centres are only in few cities and metroes and being a native of Dehradun(uk) thers is no Service center in my town. So when contacted customer care they told me to bring it to the service center whichever is suitable for me. 
Its really a bitter experience to buy Xiaomi Mi 4i 
 i blindly purchased this fone after reading its wonderful reviews. no doubt this is a flagship phone in this price range. The Display is very sharp and colours are also very bright and deep but at the end of the screen near the back home keys there is a problem and that can only be pointed out in a completely black background. also there is a leak of light due to improper assembling of the display panel. i wish fp could replace my phone but i knw they wont. low volume in external speaker and headphones is another drawback. no slot for memory card. 16 gb internal memory is very less keeping todays needs in mind. 
 this device producing heat huge range[44 degrees] ,i dont know how iam maintain the phone in pocket............... 
and other way screen guard and sim try was not sent my address even i registered...........  
 good product with very decent specifications 
has heating issue... 
update resolved heating issue but after that phone is lagging in performance 
 Very good performance. Display is too good. Camera clarity is awesome.. Money worthy to buy... Sound quality is also good.. No Heating issues..... Planning to buy Mi4i (Grey) also... 
 After 14-15 changes , finally my dream phone! Excellent and top notch. The best in business.!!!!. Complete in all features and options, its a pleasure to possess MI4i,better then other handsets in the market in the same price range 
 Previous Thursday i booked this phone. Monday i got this phone from flipkart.
First look is so impressive.
Slim, Sleek, Beautiful beast...
Beast is because of his features
1. Nice Camera (Front & Back Both)
2. Good Processor
3. Display great
4. Features are unlimited i cant explain 
over all i like this phone....  
I make a nice investment to buy this phone. 
 I have been using MI4i for two weeks now and I must say it is worth a buy. It is one of the best options available in this price range. Along with its slim body and light weight, the most attractive feature is its camera. The picture quality is amazing. The interface is also good. And till now I have not faced any heating issues. But yeah, I don't really play a lot of games. So it may vary as per the usage. 
 Its a lovely phone with very good & smart looking in this price range. This phone is very much user friendly & really fast with some heating problem. Battery backup & camera are really good. And also big thanks to Flipkart for speedy delivery. 
 Best phone you can get in middle range..its awesome in every way..looks,performance n specialy for its camera..Every android phone use to get heat sometimes..same is with mi4i..Fully satisfied..guys go for it..Worth more then its cost.. 
 I'm using this mobile since 1 month.
Pros:
Great look and performance
Great features at reasonable price
Best ever camera with Full HD
Updates from Mi.com to correct any software issues 
Cons:
Little warming up while playing games
High use of RAM
No root access 
Suggestion:
Don't think much.. just go for it.. 
 JUST SOME HEATING ISSUES...WHICH CAN BE FIXED BY UPDATES!!!
NEVER LET URSELF TRICK INTO BUYING ASUS ZENFONE 2....IT SUCKS...FOR THAT BUDGET...THIS IS THE BEST!!! 
 I never used any Xiaomi products before because I never trusted these Chinese and local Indian brand mobiles. But they proved me wrong when I bought it irrespective of heating issues in the reviews. I guess they fixed it with their 800 mb update, so my phone's temperature never crossed 33 degrees. I have used it for 20 odd days but never faced any kind of issue. Camera clarity, display are gorgeous and very sharp. Sunlight display feature of this phone is also amazing. battery backup is for 2 days with moderate use ,I never played any games, so can't really talk about it. 
Cons: No expandable storage, but xiaomi provides 5 gb cloud storage too, I think this phone is absolutely flawless. 
P.S: I was a moto g2 user for 6 months which I bought at the same price as Mi 4i,and I can bet that this phone is 1000 times better than my Moto. 
 Slow laggy....Design is pretty slim but could not live upto my expectation for normal users its fine but if you are in mood of serious multitasking you need something really good.....Please xiaomi be good in satisfaction and performance not on spec sheet...and please do some serious ram management..getting 300 mb out of 2 gb...are you guys kidding...you must not be doing so..your multi tasking is seriously freezing and frustrating..Grow up..... 
 After seeing the reviews of many people regarding the heating issue n all... i Still made a call for this mobile... as the features of this were mind blowing... I didnt find any heating issue n all.. now if you charge your mobile n play games, any device can have that issue,. For me its just wrking flawless... N the camera is 5/5. 
 1. Phone is getting heated so quickly.
2. Charge is draining so fast. It is not even withstanding for a day.
3. Photo quality is Good.
So overall the phone is not that my satisfactory. 
 I have been using this phone for a week now and I have to say that this phone is totally out of my expectations. The display is amazing, the battery backup is nice on moderate use, did not experience any lag after the update, and the heating problem was totally solve after the latest update. Every single game and apps that I've tried are working perfectly fine and smoothly. The cellular device itself looks very nice and gives us a premium feel. It does not feel cheap at all. The volume rocker button and the lock button are made up of stainless steel. The overall looks and feel of the phone is excellent. The sound of the speaker is decent but as it is located at the back of the phone, the sound may be masked if the device is kept at a surface like the pillow or a bed mattress. The Miui is comfortable to use. After updates and importing music and photos counting to nearly 2 GB, I was left with 8 GB of space to install apps and games, but considering the fact I do not play heavy games, it's not an issue for me. Now coming to the camera, while taking the pics and looking at the screen, the camera may not seem good, but the final photos which are clicked by the camera are very clear and detailed, unlike my HTC desire 500 and Tab 4. I took on a gamble by buying this phone and as you can read my review, it paid off. I would highly recommend this device to the one who are looking for a mid-high ranged device at a decent price. And yeah, do not forget to redeem your free screen guard which can be obtained from mi's website by entering your address,phone-no and your mi4i's iemi number.(just google search- mi freebies) 
 Pls do not buy this mi4i as this phone has a very serious bug that it is not showing the miss call alert. Mi has excepted that it is a bug but they are not sure that when this can be resolved. Miss call alert is very basic stuff but mi4i dosent shows the miss call & every time you have to go to call log to find if there are any m.call and in log also it shows as a rejected call although you have not cut the incoming call. 
There is a battery heating issue as well. Battery got heated after few minute use. Do not bye this china phone, it is working like purely china items. 
 Kindly add Local Indian Languages in this mobile handset for better Experience. I am from Punjab & can't read Punjabi msg in this handset. 
Thanks
Pankaj Babbar 
 Network problem. Data network connects but doesnt work most of the time. No matter which network you are on 
 THIS IS A WINNER PRODUCT, NO PRODUCT CAN BEAT THIS IN ITS PRICE VALUE WITH SUCH KICK ASS FEATURES AND OF COURSE WITH SUCH BRILLIANT AND ADVANCE MECHANISM AND LAST BUT NOT THE LEAST , ITS HARDWARE TECHNOLOGY. HATS OFF " XIOMI MI4I " 
 Hi Guys, 
Writing this review almost after a month of user. Its a great product which is feature rich and specs which are more than enough for the buck you pay.  
Have not faced any issue heating till date - touch wood. 
Look and feel of the product is great and doesnt give any feeling of cheapness or chineese
loud speaker output is a bit lower.
Camera is good. You need to be bit patient for taking high quality photos.
battery life is good to ok 
regards,
rahul prem 
 its wonderful using mi 4i thanks to flipkart for giving the best phone at relevant price 
the camera is awesome the HD display is super to watch........ simply super thanks to MI no issues about phone its working quite brilliant and the slow motion camera is awesome wonderful selfies too 
 I bought it during first flash sale and after using it for all these days, all I would like to say is that it is an excellent phone with an outstanding camera and good screen resolution, in true sense it is a value for money phone. I strongly recommend it for anybody who is looking for a good phone but does not want to pay steep price for the same. 
 (excluding the technical things which u can see on specs itself) The Pros and cons are listed on priority(high to low)...
 PROS:
1.) (Best pro of all) -Though Mi4i looked simple to use...i am sure u cant find a BETTER GUI than MIUI i.e. U can customize anything (for eg) there are options even to change color of ur notification led with msg/calllogs etc and belive me its jst a start..I bet Xaiomi caught the market not only for its price it was also its GUI. It also have many very useful and creative apps.
2.) Super..duper... cool touch & display like mobiles in range of 40k
3.) Built of MI4I is fantastic (Very Very good looking).. its very slim and 5in size made me lov it (all my friends felt 5.5in phones trouble some and less handy) 
4.) Camera super good(met expectations) 
5.) Dn kno for others but my battery is lasting for 2 days max (by using 2- 2G sims and some WIFI browsing) dn kno in 3G with internet...
6.)Xaiomi is maintaining a website which is followed ever day and they collect reviews and bugs, then correct it in their next update.
7.)its really rigid...it fell few times from my pocket i cant see even a scratch (not hardcore falls only from chairs and theaters etc) 
Cons: 
1.)No head phones...(Whyyyyy...?)
2.)No expandable memory slot (though 16 gb was enof for me but its still annoying and also they give free 5gb in Mi cloud)
3.)Slight heating issue while charging and networking.. but it was not as much i was afraid by the reviews b4 buying...Though it heats a bit was not a problem for me..
4.)Sometimes it doesnt check automatically for signal/network which is very annoying i had to click choose automatically (moving from office to work)...and few other small software issues (No phone is perfect..i.e my last phone samsung galaxy has software probs 10 times worser than this) but they correct it often in their updates
5.)Mi4i has been made expecting its customers to use back cover or case...so have to buy a case for sure so it maybe as new as ever...bcas it willl glide from ur pocket without cover..which was stopped after a back case now its perfect.
6.)Speaker is not that loud....its moderate..  
 I bought the MI4i after going through all reviews online. Previously I had a Micromax and a Xolo with me. so a Xiomi is sort of an upgrade for me. :-)
Coming to the phone.
I got the phone delivered on May 26 2015. Delivery from Filpkart was flawless. It came before time and I had no issues with the overall delivery.
Now for the features and my own personal experience.
1) First thing that strikes you about the phone as to how light weight it is. It is very easy to carry.
2) Camera of the phone is brilliant. Both front and back, especially the back is too good. 
3) The OS and overall handling i.e the touch is very smooth and till now I am not having any issues. 
Coming to the main part i.e. the battery and the heating issues which concerns phone users these days.
The battery will last 1 full day with normal usage. Best thing is the phone charges itself in little over an hour(75 mins) from 0 to 100% charging.
Coming to the heating issues.Phone will heat up if you play a lot of games and use heavy duty apps but since I personally don't play that much and use the phone for things Whatsapp, Instagram, Facebook, Twitter and stuff, in my own personal experience till now ( 3 weeks), the phone has not heated up that much like my other phones have. 
So overall till now, a pleasant experience for me :) 
 Pros
1. Good display
2. Light weight
3. Battery is good.
4. Camera is good. 
Cons
1. 3g never works. I have tata docomo and Bsnl, in bangalore both have H+ network. I tried both sims in 3g it never gave me download speed of 40 kbs even. I tried both sims in Tamil Nadu (Salem to Madurai route) and its still worst. I dont think so the phone is good in 3g mode. still need to try 4g.
2. The speaker volume is low while listening to music (either speaker or ear phone)
3. You will not feel the vibration - its too low u will not feel while driving or if it is little way from you.
4. Sometimes using the mobile for 20 or 30 minutes it doesn't heats up. But sometimes without using also the mobile heats up. 
 I wanted to buy a new phone for myself. I would read up about new and upcoming phones and all the flagships and all the critically acclaimed phones. But there was just one problem. These phones were great for the US market, not quite for India. I thought to myself no one is making a good phone for the Indian market.
And a week later this phone was announced.
On paper. This phone is PERFECT. And that was an achievement in itself. To pull off the perfect balance in everything. For me what I needed in a smartphone was all there.
1. Great Battery - Check
2. 5 inch 1080p Screen - Check
3. Good Camera - Check
4. Android Lollipop - Check
So I bought the phone. 
I have been using it for a month now and here is my feedback. My previous phone was a Nexus 4. So my review might be biased in that aspect.
1. Performance: The biggest disappointment for me has been the processor/performance. I bought my father an Mi3 and it is really smooth. This phone on the other hand. Not so much. I mean a year old phone was Snapdragon 800 (8 series is really the flagship material). This phone was advertised as a flagship, and after using Mi3 my expectations were of a buttery smooth flagship experience. But that wasn't the case. It is NOT a slow phone. It is NOT sluggish. But it is also NOT buttery smooth which is what i expect from the flagship succeeding Mi3.
2. Display: The display is amazing. Like absolutely amazing. This was the first time I used a 1080p screen phone and boy oh boy. I'm not going back. The sunlight display is good a flagship feature or sure. The good thing about it was supposed to be that it saves battery which brings me to the next point.
3. Battery: The battery at first I thought was really good. I come from a Nexus 4 after all. I was bound to be impressed. And impressed I was. I was no longer looking for charging points everywhere I went. I went to a trip with my friends. Earlier I would look for charging points in airports, buses, cabs. Everywhere. Now I could travel and just charge my phone once a day and it would last throughout.and have some juice left (approx 20%). My phone outlasted my friends phones which included HTC One M8 and an iPhone 5. I felt my phone was always in demand which brings me to my next point.
4. Camera: The camera is at this price point SPECTACULAR. I mean really. Both the front and the back camera. From what I have used. I have been impressed with the phone's camera. It may not be as good as the flagships. I know because I've read all the reviews, but I don't see the difference. It's just amazing.
5. Heating: Well first thing I did when I got the phone was I updated it. Since then I haven't noticed any heating which wasn't there in my Nexus 4. Yes it does get heated. But Mi has pushed a lot of updates which seem to solve the problem.
6 Miscellaneous: Well the phone looks good and feels light. So there's that. 
So overall, a good phone. A great buy at this price. 
Update: After a recent update the battery performance has gone down substantially. Earlier it would last a day with 10-20% juice left. Now the phone's battery runs out in 8 hours. I know it's not my usage which has varied because the battery used by screen is 10-20%. I hope Mi Team fixes that soon. But yeah the phone has got its problems. Or it might be a rogue app update. 
 I got the mobile on June 6th, 2015. It was delivered by Flipkart just in 2 days. It is worth buying the model Mi 4i. Some of the Reviews about this phone mislead the buyers. It is not getting hot even if we browse continuously for more than one hour. Display is very good. 
 Thank You so much flipkart for your delivery timing its was amazing.
Product is very nice .
amazing display 
Nice camera 
Nice processor 
and its not heated 
Great MIUI6
xiaomi finest smartphone .
But when i switch on my phone , in black colour something is not good with display.
Flipkart please help me on this .. Replace it or do something Bcoz i love this phone . 
 .Battery is very good xiomi used the most expensive battery technology for this device this phone is 2nd phone in the world which use this battery technique the first one is Samsung Galaxy S6 but the prize is too high so this phone is a good budget best in its class !!
and the other is display the display of this phone is remarkably good 1080 !! And the other this phone is comes with 16 GB this is not a big issue they give OTG compatibility to the device so with can plug OTG pendrive and enjoy !!
the phone is very handy and not slippery we put the device in the xiomi hard case available on the official site and the device looks pretty cool !!
And the last but not the least the performance of this device we all know this device comes with 2 GB RAM and the Octa-Core Processor this is great combination !!
And the last is camera the camera of this phone is superb very beautiful focus color presentation is also very good the front facing camera is also good !! '
All the features of this phone is best at this range 12999 only don't think too much guys g for it !! 
 i purchased this product two days back..excellent packing by flipkart..about the product
Awesome phone...no lags..no heating problem...great UI.... 
+ Excellent Battery
+ Camera(front n rear)
+ SCREEN :Good quality display
+ Best phone under 13k 
- No headphones
- lack of accessories in market
- No memory card slot 
Update your phone before using it, there is a update of 862mb. IT WILL SOLVE THE HEATING ISSUE ETC..... 
 With all your sanity, please do not go for this phone. Put all the exceptional specs tagged with this phone aside now. The phone heats up too much. The plastic sealed slim body doesn't allow the heat to dissipate properly. For 2 GB RAM 1.7 GHz octa core processor, this Phone works very slow. Even the battery drains up in less than 24 Hrs (Normal Usage). And the speakers are the worst I have used so far. Loud speakers are as good as no speakers.
Even if this was not enough now the charging pin doesn't work. Unable to charge my phone now all micro USB pins tried. Xiaomis flagship phone MI3 was much better than this. 
 I will tell you my whole experience beginning from the unboxing of set till being fully operational as follows - 
After unboxing the set, i switched the set on the display was really amazing, then i connected it to my wi-fi to complete further steps to make it operational.
While inserting the sim be careful as it only supports only nano sim, best part it's a dual sim. 
Display - 7/7
It's a full hd screen display with amazing clarity. 
Camera - 5/7
I took some snaps with it but the camera quality what you expect from a 13MP is not so good, even though i tweaked it by taking snaps in HDR mode and beautify mode but still not so much difference, best part always keep cost in your mind.
I took selfies with it not very impressive. 
Charging and heat -
I plugged the mobile in charging for at least 3 hrs, device started to heat up.
NOTE - I have yet not updated it to MIUI 6 whch is the latest stable update available now.
After updating when i plugged it for charging, heat issue resolved.
It will take approx 5 hrs for full charging. 
Performance - 6/7
With Octacore and 2gb Ram this device is a beast to throw on challenges.
I installed some games such as asphalt 8 & dead trigger 2 played both games the device performed very good with some unnoticeable minute lags of course during this time the device starts heating up with very light increase in temperature. 
Tried multi tasking such as running browser then minimizing it and running other apps such as whatsapp,FB, Pdf reader etc. best part was that it didn't closed any of the apps running in the background. 
Battery - 6/7
While running the above apps there was not so much drop in the battery, example while running the game for 30 mins the battery dropped down to 7-10% which is acceptable, but when doing other tasks for 30mins accept gaming it dropped down to 3- 5 %,
Note the battery mode was balanced. 
Storage - 4/7
This is the major drawback as it only has 12 gb available for use, which is not very much if you will install high end games, store Full HD movies, best part is it has OTG feature which means you can expand the storage depending upon the usage. In my case i bought an 32 gb pendrive connected it through otg cable to device for storing external data such as movies, songs and non installable things.  
Sound - 5/7
Not very loud but clear. 
Design - 6/7
Set is very slender with white matte finish and strong magnesium alloy under the hood for protection. 
And at last the delivery of flipkart was very good, booked product on 4/5/15 got delivered to me on 6/6/15 
This was my impression of the device after using it, hope it helps you.
Thanks to all in advance for reading it.  
 It would be around rupees 25k if the same phone has been manufactured by major brands like Samsung, HTC, Sony, LG. So we're paying just half the price for a beautifully well built phone by Xiaomi.
The phone has absolutely no issues. As many mentioned here, it's not over heating, not even before the update and no low ringing volume issue found, the loud speaker is loud enough for a phone. at least with my device. 
Sometimes there's a little lag in the performance. Yes, only sometimes. 
My observation:
Display is very good and not excellent. Yes, It's visible under the sun light.
Battery backup is good. For a moderate user it may run for a whole day. The battery is not 3120mAh as mentioned in the Fk website, it's 3030mAh mentioned on the box.
Both, front and rear cameras can take a decent pictures. And has a good set of features. The main camera is equipped with true-tone, dual LED flash  it combines LED lights in white and yellow to deliver better color balance to photos.
Light weight, Sleek. Can operate in one hand.
Built quality is very good. Very Decent design.
The MiUi interface is very smooth.
The charger fits perfect withour Indian wall socket. No loose contacts, the pins are thick enough.
Felt, 16GB internal memory is quite insufficient without a SD card slot but can live with it as there is a USB OTG feature.

You may get a free screen protector as a freebie from MI here... http://www.mi.com/in/freebies/

Fully recharge your mi4i's battery and update your phone as soon as you take it out from the box. 
 AWESOME - other name is MI4I .!! 
LOOKS LIKE A IPHONE 5C VERY IMPRESSED DISPLAY, HANDY, VERY MUCH COMFORTABLE. NO ONE CAN BEAT IT FOR SURE ! 
Excellent and crisp display
Sunlight legibility works as demonstrated
Excellent battery backup 
The feel holding itself pretty good, can use d phone in one hand, no fingerprints on the back Full HD display , camera quality is superb with low and bright,glaring light. No heating during making calls
Simply superb
Good notification led 
Antutu benchmark scored about 39k in performance mode and about 28k in balanced mode... I believe these are pretty good scores in terms of performance 
+ Battery
+ Camera(front n rear)
+ UI
+ SCREEN :}
+ NO LAGS 
Update your phone before using it, there is a update of 805mb 6.5.6 version. IT WILL SOLVE THE HEATING ISSUE and many. 
Flipkart guys are awesome as always with packing and deliver. 
thank you flipkart. 
 Hi Everyone, 
I bought this phone on 30/April/2015. From Day 1 I found this crap having a lot of heating issue with GPU, convey the same to Flipkart Technical team. But WHAT they do. Showed me Battery temp and tried to convince me that there is no problem with handset.
Undoubtedly this phone having good specs. but please guyz dont compromise with Heating. 
Preferably you can go with ASUS ZENPHONE 2. 
Beware : NO RETURN OR EXCHANGE POLICY Flipkart Provides!!!  
 Lets get to the pros right away. 
Screen : It has got one of the best displays. It even beats the Mi4 & One Plus One displays which are superior devices. It works great and the colors are truly awesome. It competes with the Super AMOLED displays from Samsung (Note & Galaxy S series). You will love the display. 
Camera : It captures the moments beautifully. Both rear and front cameras as too good. Especially in natural/bright light. Better than the Lumia cameras in this range. However, the quality is not as good as in bright light in low light conditions but still is lot better. Using flash will get you great pics in the low light conditions. Refocus feature works like a charm!  
Build & Design : Sleek and Sexy! Build quality is great I must say. Feels really good in hand. I hardly felt any weight. Looks are awesome! The device is sturdy. Touch feel is very good. 
Battery : I'm a moderate-heavy user. I play around 1-1.30hrs of high end gaming and an hour of browsing. Always connected to WiFi. I can easily manage for a day with full charge with some juice left. 
Muti-tasking : 
Device has almost 1GB of available RAM. Multi-tasking experience is buttery smooth. Apps open up quick & switching is hassle free. 
Now the interesting part, the Cons 
MIUI 6 : It is great I know, but it has got some bugs too and is heavy. The only reason I want to stick to it is the Camera features. 
Speaker : Speaker volume is too low. Especially the ringtone volume is low. Can easily miss calls. Ear piece volume & quality is great though. Game/Media volume is good. I hope this will be fixed soon. Already the developers are working on it. 
Heating : This is not a con. I wanted to mention it as most users are concerned about this. I play graphic intensive games and the device does get warm not too hot (with latest update).If you play about an hour or so you can see a bit of lag seldom (Clear RAM before game play). Normal usage, I never faced any issue, no lags nothing. 
Finally, I'm a happy Mi4i user, cannot take eyes of this display. My opinion, It's a great phone, value for money.
I would rate it 4.5* 
 I purchased Mi 4i on 25th May and got delivered on 29th May. Everything is fine.As i am wating for back cover and a tempered glass for screen so i am hardly using this phone.But after 5-6 days i found a light Sky Dot at the bottom of screen while starting of the phone & that dot is still there after using the phone for some time as well. Any one found that dot in the Screen , Please tell me. 
 Good camera...bad Processor...
play a game for 2 mins...switch on wifi for 5 mins....and then u can roast your bread over the mobile screen....Made in China....donno how durable it may be...
I give 3 stars for its camera and design... 
 Heating alot...Producing more heat if you use 3G or 4G ....You cant handle heat issue...And there is no memory card slot so you can upload only some photos,vidoes etc...Because of this memory gets full so phone gets slow...Dont buy this mobile if you want to store more videos.pics etc... 
 First of all Big Thank you to the WS Retail seller and Flipkart for sending my Xiaomi Mi4i right on time and I received it just on My birthday (9th June) . I feel great satisfied with lovely well packed items from flipkart . 
Everything I received inside box is fine nothing damage - all fine :-) 
About Device
------------------
- Love the simple and beautiful design ( really fall in love)
- Very light weight even having 5 inch Screen wide.
- Superb fast in opening apps /games.
- Ringtones (inbuilt) are awesome (some people complaint about low ringtone sounds during phone calls - Totally false - I tested about it - really we can increase loud and soft ringtones)
- Super fast Camera shot ( Totally impressed - I must say)
- Full HD screen , Full HD camera (both front and back camera) , full HD video Recording (both front and back camera)
- Very good quality usb charger
- Never had problem of heating issue
- Torch light (via camera flash)
and lots more 
Some heavy gamers may find no extra expandable memory card slot a bit dissapointment but for me (16 GB) its enough as I am not a heavy gamer - I rarely play games - I am more interested in new and unique Android apps. 
Overall - Very Good and Powerful Android Phone. Go for it - you will never regret ! 
 I brought the mi4i expecting the same class of build, quality and performance from the earlier xiaomi products like the mi4 and mi3,. I also have an MI3 which I feel up to now provided the best for the buck. But alas what a disappointment mi4i turned out to be. Within a month and a half the display went dead , took it to Mi exclusive service centre and was told there are issues with the motherboard and the battery, I now have to wait for 3 weeks before I can have it back fixed hopefully. 
The major issues were :- 
 * Heating, the phone heats up while doing normal tasks web browsing , calls beyond a certain time, and not the least the games , playing them for extended period makes it seriously hot. The issue could lie with the Qualcomm chipset but it is Xiaomi who have designed the phone. 
 * Sound Quality : The placement of the speaker is is on the bottom of the rear side , so you have to make keep the rear side up in order for the phone to be audible . The quality from the speaker is unacceptable there is a lot of distortion in the sound , you can compare the quality of sound by playing the default ringtones from any of the other Xiaomi products, they sound sweet. 
 * Sound levels: The volume levels for both the headphones and speaker are pretty low compared to the other phones within the Xiaomi portfolio and other brands it looks like the programmer forgot to program the correct gain for the operational amplifiers, can be easily fixed via updates.  
 * Battery: My phone drained the battery even while browsing via WIFI. My Mi3 needs recharge ever 1.5 days , but mi4i requires it every day in the balanced power mode. Mi3/4 runs on 2.5Ghz processors which consumes much more power, with the same usage pattern. Results on the ground are different from what Xiaomi claims. 
 * Screen: The attracts more fingerprints , then the rest of the Mi models. If you have oily skin prepare to put a screen protector.  
 * Slow Slow Slow, for the specs it has the phone is slow, takes a couple of seconds to open up mail WOW, scrolling is jerky even the lower models of MI scroll much smoother and open up applications much faster. All the benchmarks are useless and have no meaning unless you have good UI experience with the phone.  
The positives :-
 * Good build quality and the screen colors.  
I feel Xiaomi engineered this phone in a hurry to fill in the 10-15,000 Rs range and hence have compromised on the engineering and the QA. Maybe I was unlucky and got a lemon but then it is a QA issue. 
 I have been looking for a new phone to replace my old Nokia 701. An android was the choice obviously and finally narrowed it down to Xiaomi. Just happened that the mi 4i had just been launched and got it from Flipkart. 
I have to say that I quite like the phone. It is light weight, weighing less that the older Nokia which was not a 5" model. The MIUI interface is a delight to use, making the transition from Nokia to Android very easy. 
Downloaded the MI PC Suite to integrate the phone with my PC. But that connects only via USB and not via Bluetooth. The bluetooth integration with my car's hands free system was fuss free and works well. 
I like the clock app that came with the phone. You can name and set alarms like in older phones, but also name and set timer alarms too that wasn't possible before. 
The games played well for my daughter, with no heating or battery problems. 
 I am recived the phone 9th june 2015 for Mi4i, some technical problem, i can't recived the phone bcoz phone is very heating.when the finish the call that time phone is not switch off, so i can return this phone, i am not happy this product quality also not good. 
 MI4i..
I bought it on the open sale by flipkart on 26th may and it got delivered on 30th may (ws retail is the best seller, seldom it ships a broken or faulty piece unlike other flipkart sellers). 
the phone is extremely lightweight, it has a classy display and MIUI 6.5.6.0 is a perfect bug free stable update.
those who say it's heating..i don't know, but I got d miui6.5.5.0 d moment I switched it on n it hasn't heat up at all..
speaker volume is d only flaw in dis headset, u hv to calibrate it using *#*#6484#*#* and then it produces an acceptable output. 
camera..impeccable! the front cam has age n sex recognition modes n even advises u if u hv miui v6.5.6.0 for selfies..the rear cam is as perfect as my note 4..its a sony/Samsung combo lens n xiaomi has done brilliantly wid it. 
for a day I used it wid d screen cover n d proximity sensor didn't work perfectly sometimes, then I searched miui fprums, I was told u hv to remove the cover before usage (its mentioned on d screen cover too)..I removed it n it works perfectly now. 
the mi4i is an exceptional device...m a huge fan of memory cards n I was skeptical abt buying a phn wid no memory slot...but then, 12.5 gb (after 6.5.6.0 update memory n battery life has increased) alongside a 32 gb dual otg pendrive was worth going for it. 
it's better than yureka/honor 4x/Lenovo a7000/asus zenfone 2/moto g 2nd gen...d sole reason...hq 1920x1080 display..crystal clear camera..n a stable lollipop interface. 
go for it...ahh yes, d package doesn't hv a headphone n I unfortunately bought mi orange basic headphones...dey r a disaster, don't buy them. I use sennheiser cx300 n they produce a thumping experience.
I also bought d mi band...n not much impressed wid it either. 
but mi4i handset...go for it..dnt believe negative reviews n buy it! 
p.s. I sold my Samsung note 4 just coz its a single sim handset..nothing personal, but 2 sims r a must these days..n its a great handset too! 
 i hv been using dis product since 1st of june n i hv faced major problm regarding network issues...its vry vry poor.n sound also not good.other things r awesm. 
 Battery - Last about 3 days or so - 
How! ( Security > Battery - turn on the time scheduler, Turn to marathon at 10.30 till 7.30,
turn off from 12 to 6) Sim - 2G with Wifi on during the day. lasts long really long  
Weight - just 130g ... very light weight. looks and feel very good. 
Memory and Speed, its good. I dont think i will ever need 16GB memory. its more then enough. I am yet to update to Miui 6.5v .. still on 6.0 and its great.  
In Short - This is a very good Phone. People are writing all sort of things, but i thing you cant find better, good work Xiaomi. 
 This is very nice phone but not too great, but its reasonable for this price margin, Camera is too good....no heating issue.......and its very stylish phone, if u want a stylish phone,pls go for it with out second thought.......... 
 After updating the software, there is no heating occurs in the phone. 
High display quality
Awesome camera(front and back both)
16 gb is enough , if u want to store many songs and videos
LightWeight and slim
Battery quality is also good 
Very good at this price and i suggest u to buy this one. 
 Very happy with this phone.
Battery life is excellent, speakers are decent and camera is awesome. 
Overall very happy with the purchase and flipkart delivered it in one day! 
 I have been using this phone since few days, I immediately noticed lag in UI, the UI is not that smooth as I thought, I see lag while switching apps, click tabs. Installing themes makes it even worse. I feel Asus, Lenovo are better in this price segment 
Pros
1) Phone design
2) Loud Speaker
3) Camera
4) Battery 
Cons 
1) UI - slow, to much hype
2) Slippery - need case 
 Ordered this phone on first sale, April 30. Got the delivery on May 4. Was a little doubtful about the build and quality of the cell to buy without prior reviews. But it turned out to be an awesome surprise. 
Pros:
Great build, looks like a high end phone. You'll know it once you hold it in your hands.
Screen/display/touch is simply perfect and gives a flawless user experience.
MiUI makes the display all the more beautiful.
Camera is good with a very precise focus. Works like a perfect point and shoot camera both outdoors and indoors. Front camera is good as well. 
Cons:
There are a couple of software bugs. Sometimes screen gets locked when on a call, doesn't unlock till the other person ends the call.
Sound is not very clear when using speaker for calls.
Battery will not last more than 24hrs with heavy usage (WiFi, gps, some games and some music).
It does get heated a little while charging and when running heavy apps. Can be ignored when you are getting this for 13k. And most smart phones get heated for that matter :)
MiUI themes look to be heavy and not many are good. 
Overall, there cannot be a better phone than this under 13k. Don't waste your time looking for better ones if your budget is around this. I'm sure future updates will fix the software bugs. 
 i paid 30 rupees for gift wrap but there is no gift wrap waste of 30 rupees and i wiill advice dont waste that money 
 Good:
1) Dashing look
2) Light in weight
3) No heating problem
4) Front Camera is good
5) Battery is good 
Improvements:
1) Music voice is slow
2) Back Camera is not good  
 Awesome Phone 
Great Screen
Awesome Camera both front and back 
Great Battery
Some says that sometimes phone get heat up, yeah they are right,but u can reboot the phone and it will work nicely   
 Great phone with excellent features... awesome cameras. Fron camera too good. Just loved it Bought one more for my sister 
 Hello It is nice product as expected if there is option for External chip and EarPhone it is best but i got value of my money. 
Delivery is also good before time. 
 been using this phone for a week now 
well the build quality and the ui are impressive 
battery back up is ok not good not bad 
screen is superb
camera is good 
but the biggest grouse is the sound quality n the pathetic volume u might be sitting in the same room and u would still miss calls coz u just cant hear this thing ring and if u prefer listening to music on this phone forget it .....its pathetic 
gaming on this is good though it stutters randomly though with this specification it shouldn't 
overall a good phone for this price but cox of the speaker quality it spoils what could have been a great product 
i will not recommend this only coz of the speaker quality 
 Firstly, kudos to Flipkart for delivering the product within 2 days time. Appreciate this kind of super fast delivery services. 
Coming to the product, the overall appearance of the phone is strikingly attractive, slim and neat and above all extremely light. And the best part is one need not open the phone to slide in the sim card or fiddle with the batteries, the advantage being the battery is inbuilt. 
The camera of the phone is just fantastic. the images with the front camera 5MP are pretty good. Truly happy with the picture qualities. 
The phone has a call recording system too, that impresses me and it comes quite handy to me at my workplace. 
Some cons:
You dont have an option to expand its memory. The phone comes with an inbuilt 16 GB memory out of which almost 60% is used up by the phone applications. 
 This mobile is simply awesome.  
Battery and Charger:
It comes with a 5V and 2000 mA charger which is very fast in charging a 3120 mAh battery. You can also charge your phone up to 40% in an hour. 
OS:
Unlike Samsung, you can expect the immediate fixes and may be they will release the next android also for this. 
Design:
Simply awesome slim design which is having very great look. 
Drawback:
There is a little heating issue even after the update, even though they claims that they have fixed it with the recent update, but not to the large extend. 
No expandable memory. 
 I have purchased this phone on 20 May 2015
1st week was ok  
than device shows its real value 
not charging more than 50 %. even after 6 hours of charging 
3G internet speed is less thn 2G. 
overall the phone sucks.
flipkart told me to reboot the phone. but still the problem persists. 
PLEASE DONT EVEN THINK TO BUY THIS PHONE!!!  
> Camera - The front camera is too good, the exposure option is very effective. Rear camera does a decent job too with the double flash.
> Features - accommodates most of the high end phone features, what more can we ask for in 12,999!!!
> Performance - NO LAGS absolutely.. smooth interface easily enhances the performance of the phone, a good multi-tasker
> Display - 1080 dpi HD!!! Do i need to say anything more, the Sunlight feature works just fine.
> Battery - decent battery back-up. A full charge runs 16-18 hours with moderate usage. Camera, Video play and WiFi sucks up the battery at some pace though. Also it take around 2.5-3 hours to full charge
> Storage - 16 GB internal and around 11 GB user memory is more than enough for a someone who doesn't game. However no External memory is a con but it connects OTG pendrive which compensates for the con.
> Heating - Yes after a continuous usage of camera, wifi, charging and gaming the phone heats up in about an hours time, but the good thing is it cools down within 10 mins of stand-by
> Speakers - slightly disappointed with it, the external speakers are not loud. 
Overall good for the budget it comes in. Pretty happy with it so far! 
 Pros: 
1.Excellent display
2. Nice call quality
3. Light weight and sleek
4. Front camera good
5. Off course Miui feel 
Cons:
1. Speaker volume very low for ringtone 
2. Gets heated easily but not too hot for a basic user.
3. Camera not at par with standards set by Xiaomi .
4. A little laggy sometimes
5. Low storage for people who store a lot. (OTG available though) 
Verdict: Overall its seems to be an average phone now but MI may make it better with the updates. 
My suggestion: Wait for few updates and check en.miui.com before buying.  
 Total disappointment.Settings gets hanged.doesn't open at all or takes quite a long time to respond.I could not Connect wi-fi because of some problem.My refund request has been rejected.I am instructed to follow their mail to fix the problem which is cumbersome for layman.Their customer service personal will call you at their scheduled time which may not suit you. therafter they will not call you and postpone it to next day.This problem continues to me for the last four days.Service centres in selected places is also a major bottleneck. 
 I got this phone on first sale Apr 29th . Got delivered on May 2nd
Writing this review after 1 month of usage. 
Pros :
1) Very good display. Crystal clear. Readability in sunlight also good
2) Screen response is very good
3) Front and rear camera is good
4) Handling high end applications/games without lag at most of the time
5) Good sound o/p when we listen songs in earphones/headphones is good.
6) Phone built is very good. Phone looks sturdy and stylish
7) Battery is good for Avg use. 
Cons:
1) No external memory card - Big minus. When we have HD recording, which fills memory at rapid speed, support to ext mem card is very much needed
2) External speaker sound is very much low. At times not able to hear ringtons as well.
3) Hangs sometime when we launch multiple apps
4) Initially phone was heating up more. After upgrading to latest version, this is much better now   
 Bought Mi4i, had a display problem.. with nominal or acceptable heating of phone..
Then got it replaced flipkart..thanks for that quick service...5star for flipkart service 
Then replaced phone... "Heats up like anything"... as its cpu is on top right behind your small speaker...when you go to pick up the call its already hot and ears skin can feel it as it very thin...
Screen is smooth multitasking is has some lag but cool... 
Good.. wont be buying Mi phones again though...
Regards 
 It's is very good performance wise and Camera Quality also too good.People who all going below 15 K they can prefer this phone..Futures are ultimate and excellent. 
Thanks for MI. 
 I bought this phone 2 weeks ago, the charger had some issue's.
They could not replace the charger alone - so they offered to replace the whole phone + accessories. 
I was a very refreshing experience. 
Thank you Flipkart ! 
 the phone is just awsm in looks.. easy to hold. but tend to heat very much,.. we dont need a heater in room.. its enough.. like a hot pan... camera is mind blowing.. back n front no words.. just go for it if u r a camera geek. ram always more than 700mb free... performnc is good. but heating while gaming.. batery is ok.. its not giving me backup like a 3200mah batry will do... display is amazing.. crispy.. good saturation.. pure clr's.. not over saturated like amoled.. display is very good 5 star..fr 13000 bang fr the buck... but service centers are a big issue.. come on mi.. give good after sales support also.. iam using a redmi 2 also... all so good... give other colr options also... i should have given 5 star if the heating and sound is resolved... 
 battery of this phone is getting worst day by day.. in just normal use battery drains within 15 hours. and also phone gets restart sometimes... last update of 6.5.5.0 has increased the battery problem... i have put a replacement rquest to flipkart. bt they have not been proved themselves as good customer friendly these days... 
 Got the phone for 12k, and delivery was quick from flipkart. Mi4i is very light and handsome mobile, initially there was a heating problem. but after MiUi OTA update, it seems like heating problem is reduced. application working and performance are wonderful, and display is very brilliant. 
Got a good camera too, but i felt it is not upto the mark. also u wont get a headphone in the pack nor any flipcover. (so 4 stars)
To mention, anTuTu benchmark scored a near 40K, which is also excellent.
these are my initial comments, will put more after a long usage. 
 Hi All, 
I have ordered this phone on May 25 flash sale and got it delivered on 26 May. Since i got a defective piece(Light Leaking from Bottom right corner) returned it and got new phone. Thanks to Flipkart and WS retail for Fast shipping and Replacement. 
I have been using it for 3 days and My observations below:
1.Update the phone to Latest Firmware and start using. I dont face any heating issue. Am from Chennai , Summer here is damm hot . Outside even i get heated up and so does the phone . Plz dont state this as issue. Even Galaxy Note 3 get heated up here in chennai(My frnd's phone).
2. I bought this phone mainly for Display and believe me probably best display u can get under 25k. Looks like amoled display. Excellent build quality and Speakers reasonbly louder. No issues.
3.I dont play highend games . I will stop with Subway surfers and COC . So am not facing any heating issue. But i will always be connected in WIFI or 4G end even then its not heating much . 
4.Call quality great and Signal reception is good. U can customize this phone like hell. Tons of themes and Customization option.MIUI is great. 
5. Camera is simply great. Both front and Back does great job.
 Only downside will be Limited memory option. But its bearable.
And always keep in mind u r Paying just 13 K ... Then u will appreciate this Device. 
Thanks XIAOMI!!!!!!!! 
Thanks,
Ganesh M S  
 yes it has the best specs, but some competition is catching up (meizu m1 looking at you)
Pros:
1. sunlight display: amazing legibility in sun
2.colours 95% gaumet ... love it.
3.overall build and quality.
4.packaging was perfect.
5. HATS OFF to battery life. more than one day of normal use.
BUT
Cons.
a. MIUI is not as fluid as you would expect it to be. there are jitters and micro-lags all around the phone. thought this phone could replace my nexus 5. it might be capable.
NOTE:(this might be because of an update they released to tackle the Heating issue, so they tuned down the processors, sacrificing some performance. )
b. volume and power buttons are SOO CHEAP feels like you are playing with toy buttons(exaggerated to make a point)
c. Camera, not so much as advertised.
d. Capacitive buttons Meh. in this year, it should have moved to on screen buttons , but that's just personal opinion.
e. If only xiaomi would release an ASOP stock android image for this phone, i think it could have done much better.
f. again personal opinion Snapdragon 615 vs MT6752, MT6792 is about twice as powerful, cheaper, and lets out LESS HEAT. so Meizu seems better option. 
 Bought this phone in the 1st sale writing this review after 1 month of use. 
The phone really is a worth for its money. Ui is good and smooth apart from some lags here and there in animation. The snapdragon 615 processor is decent if you use only productive apps (like Facebook , whatsapp , viber and other common apps).
If you are a gamer type then this is not the phone you should be buying. 
Xiomi guys show asphalt 8 running on this device which is a trap as it runs with many frame losses and gaming experience is very bad.
Coming to the build quality its bad as after 20 days my front camera stopped working. Thanks to flipkart i got a replacement in 3 days. The new phone which i got was defective too. The display screens light is leaking from the edge of my phone and when tapped gently near the rear camera you can hear a sound of some vibrating spring. These problems which i am facing is common to many users and miui forum is filled with people facing same issues. I have again asked flipkart for a replacement. 
So if you are buying this phone to use only for a year buy it because i doubt it will hardly run after a year.
Apart from some defects in build quality the phone is awesome in look and feel. 
 Good hardware and all but not up to the Mi experience I've had with other Mi phones (I own Mi3, Redmi 1s, Redmi Note 4G).
I'm reviewing this model as compared to the other Mi phones, as they set the bars high in most of the parameters. Not comparing with any other Android device.  
1. Rate of battery consumption is higher in this phone. Have been receiving quite a few updates and I do see slight improvement but not like Mi3 or Note. 
2. Camera is good. Camera has been good on any Mi phone. Even on the cheapest of the lot (Redmi 1s had an amazing cam) 
3. Feels slow. Visible lags and quite frequently. Boasting a good processor and GPU, I had expected more but it disappointed. My Note feels faster. (And I'm not referring to any of the performance scores here. End user experience is what should matter most) 
4. Heating issue was definitely there (though, doesn't bother me much) but after a recent update, it seems to have come under control.  
5. Build quality is acceptably good. Not great, but alright. Other models felt sturdier. May be it's because of the lighter weight. Which I'd prefer over anything else. Makes the phone handleable.  
6. Screen is good.  
7. Seems to hog more memory than other models. At any given time, even after clearing any running app, more than 1GB of phone's memory remains occupied. 
The only difference in the software of this model and other Mi phones is it comes with Android L. So, can that be the cause? May be. But, I'm sure, with the super active support that Xiaomi provides, these nagging issues will be fixed. 
 My Experience: Just Awesome
 - No Overheating while using the phone
 - Excellent camera and display
 - Great battery 
Not sure why mi is releasing only the white version though. 
 After using it for almost a month now, i can say this is a very good phone.
It has excellent display, camera and has not hanged with multitasking. Really satisfied with the phone. So far i havent even experienced much talked heating issues. Battery is heaven.
Overall i would say just go for it, u can't get a better phone in this budget.  
 Speed of the phone is very nice. Look is also good.
Everything is good in this phone but battery life very very poor and also heating issue..
It is not 3120mAh. The battery might at max have a 1500 mAh capacity.. 
 the battery spec mentioned on the website and on the actual product delivered are different
website spec of battery is 3120mAh
product delivered with 3030mAh  
 I have seen the reviews and by mistake taken wrong decision and paying for all this heating headache.I suggest every one not to buy this phone and buy problem with your hard earned money.take a wise decision before you buy this phone.Flipkart delivers fast ,but quality of the product is big question mark here 
 A good handy phone but neither the flipkart team nor the Internet service provider team are able to solve the issue. Would request Flipkart to resolve this or give me a replacement! 
 I received my phone within a day of buying it. Kudos to Flipkart for that!
I'm writing this review after using it for a week.
Cons: 
-Firstly the back is white AND YOU REALLY NEED A BACK COVER! It feels heart wrenching when a white like that is your only option! 
-The phone feels quite sturdy in the hand and has a solid build. But i noticed that the volume and power buttons are a little creaky. But nothing much there, pretty sure they'll last.
-The phone does heat up to an appreciably high temperature when used for around half an hour for any purpose, be it gaming, calling, taking pictures or even just scrolling through settings. It does get irritating at times..
-NO expandable memory, keep this in your mind and you could go for the Moto G2 if you want to carry all your media around. This phone has OTG support if you're into carrying pen drives to watch movies.
-RAM. The deciding factor for some of you! 2GB seems awesome but it might be MIUI or something else but the end user only gets around 700MB of RAM. Initially you get around 1GB but as i installed WhatsApp and 6 more apps,it kept on reducing! Most of it is used up by the system! 
Notes: 
-MIUI keeps getting updates and the heating issue might get resolved soon. I actually got 2 updates in the same week. So better get your hopes up for that and the RAM issue! 
Pros: 
-The Camera is pretty good for the price and the average size of an image captured is around 5MB.( You can roughly estimate the quality from that) The front camera too does not disappoint and clicks on great selfies! Dual-True tone flash gets the details of a picture almost in the same way our eyes perceive the image to be!
-MIUI is a pretty good skin and adds tons of features of which I'm pretty sure I've discovered around 30% of them after a week's worth of use! Customisibility is High with this one!
-Look and feel is great! Feels quite premium!
-One handed use is really good as it just reduces your usage area on-screen to either 4 or 3.5 inches. However small your thumbs are, don't worry. They got you covered.
-Did not experience any lag at all during a week of intensive installing and deleting apps!
-You can un-install inbuilt Google apps and others to free up space! (Yay!)
-Sound from the speaker is loud and clear even at high volume. Appreciably loud, but not loud enough to disrupt parties! All kinds of music sound good on this! The Mi Sound enhancer works magic on any earphones you own to give you a good song too!
Verdict: 
Two words-" Simply Awesome "
If lack of an SD card slot is not a concern, then this is the phone for you! If it is a concern, Moto G2! 
 2 stars less than 5 for the sound quality of the speaker. Its sound is pathetic. One cant hear sound on speaker. And if it does not offer a good calling experience than how can one rate it as a mobile phone. More than this it feels shy for changing from WiFi to 3G sim network. I have to reset the signals every time I use WiFi. The quality of this box is very good on this price with a good full HD display and many more. Mi should offer a mobile with these feature with added calling capacity and network management. If you do this your phone will sell even for 13000 bucks instead of 12999. I regret not buying Asus zenfone 2 due to 2 mm thicker body. 
 Please dont look at the cheap reviews of over heating and others. Its a true beast. Enjoy speed. Its a really good mobile. 
 I have got Mi4i two day before and having following observation  
1) The material which made by the phone is having quality material and quality finish and worth of money  
2) super quality display  
3) sound of the phone especially ring volume is low. this might done for the promotion of the MI band which is selling for 999 rupee separately 
4) elegant design and slim phone  
5) This phone has little heat while charging and operating it but i have updated the latest update which having 850 MB size and solved the issue after that so i would like to request to the comrades for patiently handle this issue before judge in to conclusions  
6) i have seen several commentators written that omelet can make over the phone this is utterly out of sense. i have seen a you tube video where one of the comrade has measured the temperature rise and it was 2 degree rise(32 degree) after the 1/2 hr continuous calling and usage. so watch every review in you tube before you judge  
7) price is worth comparing with the features  
8) no provision for external memory but it has 16 gb internal memory and it is sufficient for me  
9 OTG supported so we can attach pen drive 
10) little bit similar with Apple  
11) i wish i could get black color 
12) user friendly and have more options compare with samsung and sony  
13) i have sony xperia duos M and it was made up of cheep quality plastic got for 13000 and when i got mi4i i have so impressed with the material , quality and finish  
overall impression is .... worth of money and please go for it  
thanks and regards 
Gireesh   
 Brilliantly Designed, Extraordinary, Everything Seems Flawless,(except external storage though it is a taste thing)... Go for it without any doubt . 
 Mobile is Good. No heating problems, No Hanging Problems, delivery stander was good, pack also good.
No head phone, it was not mentioned too, but should be a headphone with it. 
 I am owner of MI3 as well as MIi4i. Mi3 is awesome phone with less heating issues. I bought this mi4i in First Sale and mi3 in its last sale. Then I have spent sufficient time with both mobiles. 
I like its reverse tethering feature.
MI4i is dual sim and advantage over mi3.
Mi3 is faster than Mi4i I started same game on both mobile which shows that Mi3 is faster than Mi4i. 
Benchmark on antutu also shows that on 32 bit. 
If we compare Internet of same sim 3g on both set then Mi4i is little bit faster. 
MI3 looks awesome but MI4i is handy phone. 
On some hardware specific apps MI4i shows 4.9'' Screen.
Speaker location on MI4i is back which does't boost sound. MI3 Sound is higher than MI4i. 
MI3 Silver color finishing is also awesome but Mi4i is not like so. 
There is not too much difference in Mi4i and MI3.    
 Excellent service by flipkart. Booked Mi4i on Monday afternoon, got the phone Tuesday morning. 
The look and feel of the Mi4i is really good.  
Camera: The camera is really class for this price range. It has many options. 
Heating issue: I have Moto G 2nd another phone. I played few games on Moto G and Mi4i for more than 20 mins. It was common to see both phones become warm. Took around 25 to 30 photos, no heat generated. Browsed for more hour, it was warm, which is expected in smart phones.  
Voice clarity of the phone: It seem to be bit low. 
Ran the latest updates on it. Will see how it goes and post another review a week or 2 weeks later. 
 frequent drop in data speed on both WIFI & mobile data.
need to turn on and turn off mobile data or wifi for each page while browsing.
gets heat like anything while charging , calls and camera.
flipkart technicians are forcefully rejecting requests got so irritated with it. 
my phone has problem with data connectivity and that technician ask me to use smartchek app without any issues.
i was unable to share reports he says its problem with mobile network.  
 Writing this review after having it for 20 days.  
Absolute cracker of a phone in this price range.
Performance is uber great. 
UI is too cool to keep your hands off the phone.
And How can I miss to write about the camera. This phones front camera, back camera can be easily compared with Iphone 5s camera. Impeccable colors in pics in day light. Also, in night time, if you know how to operate in manual conditions its perfect.
441ppi is the display resolution which marks the distinctive quality of the phone with the price allotted to it. 
Battery is more than ok. I am more than satisfied with it. On 3g network it last more than 24 hours , and on WiFi it last for more than 40 hours using it heavily. 
About sound, it's sweet. More work could have been done on that department.  
Rating.. 9.5 on a scale of 10. 
 Biggest Flaw is placing speakers towards back of the mobile .. you can't even hear ringtone at all .. trust me even if you are 2-3 feet distance you can't even hear the tone .. if you are in sleepy condition forget about call .. unless you have to place the phone reversely  
For god sake who want to place their phone reversely on table and use it O.o  
even though reverse usage sound is very low ..  
Screen is pretty good since it is sharp provider i dont need to talk about it .. one of the best screen available  
phone is handy and feels pro .. but as others says heat issue .. it might solve by updates or not .. m' not sure about it ..  
please make a perfect phone and add smart features to it .. don't do such silly mistakes mi please ..    
Recently we have purchased MI 4I in the flash sale and unfortunately it has fallen and back case got broken. 
Then we started searching for service in Bangalore and found its address and phone numbers. We tried to talk to service center to inquire about the back panel and most of the people in service center are not answering the call. we tried for two days and visited two service centers. One in Bannerghatta Road, infront of IIMB, where the person doesn't have enough information to address the problem. Then went to service center in Koramangala where those guys where pathetic. Token system was for the sake. They are not technically qualified. Not addressing the actual problem. Addressing the problem for the sake of it. No customer is happy or satisfied with its service. 
Xiaomi might have got good numbers but they are definitely failing in service and their products are not of good quality. I could see so many complaints in almost all the models. I have decided not to buy or recommend Xiaomi products to anyone. 
 1. First of all there is no heat issue after software up date.
2. Great device with awesome display and MIUI.
3. Apple fan boys may love the device more than anybody.
4. You will not feel it like a 13k device as its touch and UI makes you feel great.  
 I Brought this phone one week back but unfortunately its Disappointed me, there are lots of hardware issue like Microphone is NOT WORKING properly 2. Display gets continues FLICKER when ever i connect to headphone 3. PHONE HANGS playing games 4. overall phone is VERY SLOW 
 This is extremely buggy, (Gave 2 stars for overall looks) 
Dual 4G are wasted here, MI4I phone is not enough to capable to switch different speed E > H > H+ > 4G, its just simply failed to connect network. (It just works for first 20 Sec while switching speed mode manually or reboot). Believe me friends its damn damn frustrating, especially when you need internet and its not connect at all. 
Pocket dial prevention mode, waste feature I can say, many times it's just dial here and there. 
Phone Heat, Phone heating is very high on performance mode. 
PS:- I've updated my phone twice in last 1 week and currently using MIUI V6.5.5.0 (LXIMICD) 
PSS:- I've already check with Airtel on the connectivity issue, the airtel engineer came at premises and check signal strength no issue was reported on signal its just phone is having issue.  
 Full heating issue for any usage , this is after new update , not worth if heating issue is not resolved , and miui also not working some times   
 Thanks to flipkart for a speedy delivery.Got the product by 48hrs from the time of Order. 
Fingers crossed, was all waiting for the flash sale on 21st and got through, ordered One piece after a lot of reviewing. 
Here's my rating for Mi 4i: 
Build Quality 3.5 / 5
Speaker 4.5 / 5 (I would give it 5/5 for front facing Stereo Speakers)
Display 5 / 5 (441 ppi , Full HD 5" JDI Display)
Speed 4/5
UI 4 / 5 You will love the custom options on this phone if you've already used Android before.
Themes 2.5/5
Icons 2/5
Camera 4/5
Memory 16Gb (10Gb user accessible) - No Expansion Slot, that's good enough 4/5.
No Headphones In Box :( 0/5
No Screen Guard In Box (had to search a lot before buying the right one) 0/5
Music Player 5/5
Camera Effects 4/5
Battery 4.5/5 (Comes with 2Amp charger- Charges Faster) 
Mi 4i is the best configured device One can have at the Quoted Price in today's Market. 
Will post more after some usage  
 but only if the heating issue was solved it was a great product.
even using whatsapp heats the phone. 
while playing bomb squad and fractal combat temp went from 37 to 46 degrees.
and also...it does shows lollipop 5.0.2 but its features are negligible. 
 The Phone is good in design with features like 2 gb ram, Octa core processor, dual sim etc.
I read several reviews before buying....some positive, some negative. But I wud say I dont regret my purchase. Good and esay to use. Stunning design will aww other people to ask you about the phone.
Even people have written about heating problem. I hv not figured out much heating problem, but still phone heats up sometimes. But its not much a big deal. 
PROS: Handy 5" screen. Easy to use Interface. Awesome Camera Quality. Dual sim Functionality.
CONS: No memory card slot, Batt Slightly lower than Xiaomi Note 4 G. 
 Mobile is awesome in all aspects. Only one minor drawback is the heating issue. It gets hot after20-30 mnt gaming. 
 Im rewriting the review, After my concall with Flipkart about the issues that i faced, they didn't follow up on return policy or moneyback. 
In fact my complaint was called off internally without my consent. 
I believe I cannot continue with Flipkart, As its seeming very difficult when it comes to issues of product. 
If you are good to them, they are happy, minute you raise any issues, your are the villain. 
Pros : within budget, Lightweight,  
Cons : 
Battery Heat while updates, 
Use memory Usage by the system, Not more then 2 app multi tasking 
Display Blank once a day, Doesn't perfom like smart phone. have to restart the phone.  
Not suitable for gaming Battery Heats up like hell. 
Return Policy / Money Back Policy is NOT WORKING 
 ON THE THIRD DAY OF PURCHASE "SETTING" OPTION NOT RESPONDING.
MUST SAY CAMERA AND ALL IMPRESSIVE...BUT WE ARE NOT PURCHASING PHONE FOR TAKING PICTURES WHOLE DAY. 
TOUCH IS HANGING SEVERAL TIME .....POOR PERFORMANCE WHILE MULTITASKING.
I DONT KNOW WHY FLIPKART IS PROMOTING SUCH PRODUCT DAY AND NIGHT.
OK I GET CARRIED AWAY BY PROMOTION BUT FINALLY RETURNING..
LET'S SEE HOW TEAM WILL SUPPORT NOW. 
EVEN FLIP KART IS NOT GIVING OPTION OF MONEY BACK..ONLY REPLACEMENT...DON'T CARRY AWAY BY ADVERTISEMENTS 
 IT HEAT UP TOO MUCH , AND AFTER UPDATING STILL ISSUE NOT RESOLVED.
SPEAKER AND PHONE VOLUME IS VERY LOW CAN'T EVEN HEAR RINGTONE IN PUBLIC PLACES, AND CAMERA QUALITY IS VERY WEAK. TOO MUCH OF GRAINING USING CAMERA. 
 I liked the UI, it has no launcher, all on desktop arranged.
the moment i connected to wifi, its ready for a new update from MI
the camera is good, best I would say, it has feature of fs/2, thats the best ones. control shutter speed where is ight is low
Video has fast and slow motion recording like the iphones.
Theme can be download from MI store (free as well as paid ones)
Gorilla Glass 3 is perfect
Radio is fun
Android 5 is aready experinced on Nexus 5
No headphones so you can choose yours own and setup in settings 
I connected RADIO to my 2.1, voila after a long time, nexus 5 didnt had any earlier
Scanner inbuilt
Compass is a addon after using Nexus 5 
Dont know where it has CONS so far. 
 Superfast. Very Sleek and the entire phone comes in your palm grip. Battery life is full day. you get all the features of Rs 60,000/- Smartphone at Just Rs. 13,000/- 
 Believe me guys.. This is a very good phone for this price range. 
Don't compare with high end mobiles (Sorry i don't say like that :) ) . This gives competition to all high end mobiles without any drawbacks.   
 It's simply a superb mobile in this cost. A quality product too. I expecting a Headset that's missing as usual. That's the main disappointment I think. Heating is legible and good too.
Overall it's a Good product in this price segment. . . . . Ks 
 Pros
1. Slim and compact finish
2. Excellent camera quality(both front and rear)
3. Battery charges quickly and it retains almost 30 - 45 hrs.
4. Worth for the price.
Cons
1. Phone is getting heated up after few minutes of usage 
 Excellent quality, superb camera. Different from stock android phones. Decent battery back up. LTE compatibility on both sims is really good. 
 I bought the Mi4i on 14 May 2015 and after using it for a week i am reviewing the phone.
Also Great delivery by flipkart as i got the phone within 24 hours. 
Mi4i is a really superb for any normal phone user. By normal i mean call,message, camera, music and almost everything else apart from gaming. I cannot comment on gaming as i am not a gamer. 
PROS 
1. Looks brilliant. 
2. Great mix of Apple and Android
3. User friendly
4. Can multitask easily
5. BIGGEST- Great value for money 
ISSUES 
1. Phone heating- Heating is within normal limit for normal usage and definitely not something to worry about for non gamer
2. Call volume- Yes. It is slightly on the lower side. But most of us keep phone in our pockets most of the time. So a really minor issue.
3. Space constraint- Users can use an external USB 
4. Service centers- Cant comment as not yet faced any issues. 
CONCLUSION- Go for it. It is an excellent phone.  
 1-I bought this phone on 14th may sale and they offered me expected arrival on 20th may but it delivered to me on 16th may. 
2- I though this is a best phone I bought but after 3 days using this phone I can not here any song. when I am trying to play video or game or music after 5 or 10 seconds the volume automatically down ( volume is still on high level 15 but problem is same) even I can not here when I plug it on speaker or headphone. and heating problem makes me mad. 
I don't know what to do but all I can say that I heard about this company a lot (MI) but after using there device it is not a good company after all Chinese products are Chinese . We can not aspect more from them...
Now I want my money back or please replace my phone. 
 After 10 Days Used Display Like Negative ,Music Stopped Many Times
,Loading Launcher And Many Problem 
 Pros : 
MIUI is best OS. Received update from vendor specifying improvements done.
Camera is very nice, beautify mode is superb
Sound on earphones is very nice. 
Cons:
Nothing 
 Hi, I got delivery on this phone on 18 May 15. I updated the device to Latest (MIUI 6.5.4.0) before use.  
Pros :
- Very sharp & crisp display (ultimate experience)
- Dual band wifi
- Sleek Body - nice looks
- Good front & back camera 
Cons :
- Heating issue - The device is a heater. The fault is in design only. The phone is so tightly packed that their is no space for heat to go out. Phone heats up high in just 2 minutes of normal use only. You cannot put it on ur ear.  
- Loudspeaker - Loudspeaker fades out and volume goes down automatically and you cannot increase it.  
Overall a phone is meant for calls and if u can't speak properly then all its features are of no use. No not a good buy for general use. 
 Pros.
1.Awesome device. Great build quality, quite slim and easy to use single handed, best camera I'v ever seen in mobile phones. Front camera is also great. 
2.It has new OS update near about 800 MB which need good data pack, although it can be downloaded in chunks, you can pause and continue any time. Do that update. It works perfectly without any issue. Display is awesome better than iPhone 6, can be viewed from any angle. 
3. No any heating Problems as some people have written review how it heated, it gets heated only when you use camera for longer period, but it's not too much, and only upper part of mobile gets heated. I don't see it as problem. 
4.If you are looking for great phone having budget more than Rs.20000 still you should buy this phone..It is excellent mobile in every category. 
1. Although phone doesn't hang in normal case, but it hanged once when I configured back to back 3 gmail accounts and at the same time allowed synchronization. It didn't respond for about 20 minutes, I could not even switch off it's display/standby. 
2. In my phone FM doesn't seems to be working I tried several times, but it doesn't catch any signal, on using my office headphone, I hear little bit radio city with lot of noise. Need to check at other places with some headphone, without headphone it never worked. 
Update after use of near about two weeks of use:
1.It gives LTE, 3G or 2G options on both SIM slot.
2. Also Battery supports about 3030 mAh which is good for 5' smart phone, goes for a day on normal use with 3G.
3.Screen guard of tempered glass is still not available although preorders are being taken by graphenearmorglass.com.
4.Back covers of karpine white color is great and touch feeling is great. I prefer black or other dark color to avoid becoming dirty. 
Best luck 
 The phone is best example how complicated a gadjet can be. The screen is crystal clear, brightness is fantastic. The MIUI features are mind boggling. The camera features are awsome, especially the re-focus option is out of the world. Sound is best in its class. The phone is sturdy and the battery life is 1.5 to 2 days with high usage. Its a definitely a yes phone for true feature lovers. 
 I have received the phone on 5th of may 2015. The front camera is a defective one. I have requested for a replacement so that there is 30 days replacement guarantee. But the customer care of flipkart is very poor. They told me that the technical team will call me with in 24 hours. For the past two days they haven't called me. They have given me a invalid pin no for the smart check application to verify the genuineness of the complaint. 
 phone is good but ..its too much un bearable heating issue ..that i am still other fone for calling..afraid of its heating..doesnt make it great....and in my fone..there is a charging problem...after 7 days itself it stopped to charge....
i asked for return
a suggestion to flipkart..plz before selling any product....use ur self atleast for one month...its a matter of ur trust...
i am not happy with this fone 
 It's my first MI phone , but not found a batter option. I was very exited about the phone but the looking and feel of the phone is like a cheap plastic Phone. I am not at all feeling speed of 2 GB RAM. Icons and the display seems similar to Redmi-2. 
In short if you are willing to spend 13000 , chose some other option. 
 Options in MIUI 6 are pretty good but there are lot many bugs. Mobile is getting heated a lot even with very normal usage.  
I bought Mi 4i on 14 may, After using for 4 days its front facing camera quality is degraded. lots of lil dots are showing on screen when using fornt camera.  
Dont buy this product, 
 I had bought the Mi 4i in the first flash sale only and was amazed to see the display quality and camera performance. But after some days, while using the mobile in dark, I noticed a little illuminated line below the BACK and HOME LED buttons. This is a minor manufacturing defect so i opted for a replacement. I got another device immediately after 2 days. I was happy to see a quick response from flipkart but upon receiving replacement I found a similar issue in the device. So again I requested for replacement. The request is still pending but I want to suggest Xiomi and Flipkart to do some quality check before sale. Such an awesome product like Mi 4i is getting blamed just for such minor issue. Hope they will come with a quality product next time. 
 Touch---- fine
Processing--- fine
Camera---- not even compete with 5MP 
Heating is an issue
Sound quality... very poor
Even Headphone not provided
Flipkart must confirm the quality of the product before they selling new products, i m totally disappointed with this. 
should have option to give negative rative in flipkart - Very disappointed 
 Highly confused at first place before buying this Mi 4i a newly launched,lesser known brand and a CHINESE phone. But with fingers crossed I ordered it and received it on 18/05/15.
Unboxing was unusual as there was not much to do.
As you unbox ,you meet your phone and beneath it 2 piece Charger cum USB and thats it.
There is a pin too which has a funny but Vital Role later. 
Now about phone
1.Looks * * * * ( it looks good and compact)
2.Weight * * * * * (130 gms, really thats remarkably cool)
3.Display * * * * (Good,not much to say)
4.Touch * * * * (good)
5.Functioning * * * * * (flawless)
6.Hardware * * * (Power and Volume keys could have been more robust)
7.Camera * * * * * (Tremendously fantastic,specially low light situations....see 
 pictures I have taken from it on Instagram " Vatsalneo10".)
One of my major concern was its service centre,which I found it easily and Nearby in Sec 18,Noida 
Final Comments 
1. Best phone to be purchased. 
2. I even compared it to iPhone 6 and 6 plus, do it yourself and I am sure you won't be much disappointed.(Specially check for the supported WiFI network types, 'ac' is given only in two phones in India and one being iPhone 6 plus). 
3. Octa-core processor is still not provided in many others. 
4. The experience would have certainly enhanced with a provided Headphone. 
5. The temperature rise during charging occurred once bt not for long. 
Rest to be found out after further use........... 
 no vedio calling
heating problem++++
gets hanged when you call someone, you have to wait to other person to disconnect call, otherwise no option to disconnect 
 No heating issue as all people are saying but I don't find any heating.....
Grete cam(Front and back both are so cool).
Very light weight the most impressive 
If you are planning near 13k than go for it....... 
 Hi Guys,  
I bought this phone on 07th May Sale keeping in mind the heating issues but I know my usage very well and also I did checked out the Mi 4 at the Local Mobile store. Mi are lookers I can tell you and will get noticed easily.  
I'm not that tech savvy but with regular usage (Which in my world means a bit of WhatsApp, You tube videos for my Kid, phone calls for close to 15-30 minutes at a time and useful surfing and No Gaming at all so far. I'm not addicted to games or to phone so battery and heating issues so far is nil to me. I can easily carry this to my office even if the battery life is at half (9 Hours plus driving to/from) and come back with between 20 percent or more still there when I charge him. 
Camera is excellent and touch is butter smooth, no lagging or hang till now. I've Grand, Iphone 5s, Iphone 4, Lumia 620 and Samsung Lumia as well and all users in my family felt this one is certainly a worth buy keeping price in mind. Specs are good for me and will be more than enough for average users - Five stars. 
Also got an email from Flipkart for free Screen Guard which will reach within 14days. 
 Plastic waste with lags in performance and also heats when boots, charges and usage of apps . 
Camera with low light extreme horror and service too pathetic. 
Lot of better options with this price range and do not waste money. 
 Camera - 5/5
Front Camera - 5/5
Dual sim support
4G Support @ Both sims (GSM)
Display - 5/5
Battery - 4/5
Great build!
Octa Core Processor
2 GB RAM
~12 GB space (delete unwanted browsers [inbuilt / Google Chrome] to enjoy complete 12 GB space
Overall great phone. Please do the 800MB update to avoid issues (heating etc.) 
 The specs are good evrything is cool with the phone BUT, it heats up so much you cannot put it on your ears even after 5 mins of use.  
Please don't buy it unless Xiaomi decides to fix the issue. The processor heating up right from the first day is a big Red Flag for buying this product.
Invest your money elsewhere. 
 HEATING LIKE ANYTHING JUST ONLY IN TALKING.
CAMERA IS FINE BUT I HAVE NOT PURCHASED A CAMERA I HAVE PURCHASE A SMARTPHONE BUT ITS LOOKING LIKE I HAVE PURCHASED A HEATING FILAMENT. 
 1.Camera is not good.
2.Phone is getting heated.
3.Unalbe to view Free or used ram memory.
4.Unable to view some full videos and disturbance of pop up of settings page.
5.No expandable memory. 
I am completely Unhappy with camera and its 13000 cost worth features . Mobile cost is too high with less features. 
 A great phone for heat therapy and massage for fingers. I have RSI (Repetitive stress injury) problem in fingers and my fingers have pain and doctors has advised me to daily dip fingers in hot water. Now I do not need to do that because I have this phone! It heats up after few minutes on normal usage too. You can't take more than 4-5 photographs. It heats like hell. But then I am using it positively! Hope it treats my finger pain. But what about those who don't have this pain? May be all of us may sometime get this pain due to overuse of fingers for mobile and laptop/desktop usage. Use this phone for "prevention is better than cure" The phone interface and everything is so brilliant. It has feel of legacy. Flagship feel. Colours are little towards pink hue even if rich. So hope that can be corrected. So this is phone with awesome features and heat therapy 
 I have use mi4i for 2 weeks and following are my experience..
 -heating problem while using camera, call and high graphics games. upto 43 C 
-camera is pretty decent and clear m loving it.
 -Battery backup is good and charging is fast. 
-Display is the best part of it as it is too smooth hadn't seen such display before. 
-Phone doesn't respond sometime while playing high graphics game with wifi on.
 -net speed is too fast as other. .....
 solutions to problem:
 --Uninstall FLipkart, Flesky and Google chrome... as its browser is better than chrome. --update into new and stable version.. yeah update came the day i got it(pretty amazed). --the design is good n is too light. --
 and it doesnot have a SD slot because phone with SD slot tends to hang more so there r no SD slots in iphone too..
At last you wont get a better phone than this n hurry up u will get free screenguard if bought now 
 The phone heats up a lot while on use and also while on charge. 
There is a minute electric shock near the camera while charging. 
Now after just two weeks the touch isn't working. 
 First I would Like to say that this is My 2nd Android Cell in past 2 years and I am Really Very HAPPY with MY Choice to BUY XIAOMI MI 4i.
And these are the Reasons for My Happiness. 
1. Display = Special Words to describe it " Beautiful, Colorful, Sharp n Vibrant 441 ppi JHD Display" You wont get anything better than this under 20k. 
2. Camera = Rear Camera clicks so True to Life Pictures n Front Camera Quality is nothing less than a 8 MP even if its just 5 MP. 
3. Performance = No Lag and I'd rather say that its Buttery Smooth, NO HEATING ISSUES AFTER THE UPDATE to 6.5.3.0 MIUI 
4. Battery = its like I dont have the Battery in Cell but instead as if i have Plugged the Power Cable to it cos No Matter how Much Ever You use the Cell, the BATTERY JUST WONT DRAIN AT ALL \m/ 
5. Design = Very easy to Hold n use it with One hand :) 
NOTE = its still a Mobile Phone soo Dont Expect it not to Heat At All After heavy Gaming Sessions. Play Android games for 1 Hour max Continuously cos Games are meant to Be Played on PC's n Consoles n not Mobile Phones. 
Final Verdict = JUST TRY YOUR BEST TO GRAB THIS BEAUTIFUL MASTER PIECE IN THE NEXT SALE :)  
 Best phone in its range, guys just don't believe on what others are saying about heating issues, its offers you a very nice and crisp Display, with a powerpacked Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 Dual-Quad core(Octa Core) Soc pairing with 2 GB ram, you will not see any type of lag switching between your apps with a battery fabulous Battery Pack but yet Xiaomi managed to create a beaut, believe me anyone who met me and deen this phone just said What a phone Man.  
But however it could be my good luck also that i've got a good piece, otherwise many other peoples have got defective piece, So, thanks God for that. 
But still you cannot get better Specs on paper as well as at your hand than this Mi 4i. 
Thanks For Reading ;)  
 heating heating heating heating
This is not a phone of this worth. heating hanging all are there. NO REFUND POLICY.  
 First thank you Flipkart for your as usual timely delivery. Received within 24 hours. 
And now to all buyers, this is my first step to Android world and i am not disappointed at all. Few days back Mi4i was no where into my wishlist as there is so much offering in that price range to consider. But recommended by few friends, i went for this and am overly happy now. 
Though its my first Android, am not sure if i would be able to help you guys with my review but still as a phone user, i would like to point out what i felt. 
1. People creeping here for its heating issue, yeah when i unboxed the box, it started heating without even reaching on home screen. Me too was worried coz heard alot about its heating issue. But did the update and heating issue is poof!! Guys before creeping over its heating issue, please update the OS. Your review misleads the buyers. But yeah playing games it does get a bit hot but thats okay since i found the same amount on every Android device. 
2. It takes3 HRS to get complete charge from 0-100. And am using wifi on which its giving me backup of 11 HRS with regular usage on Balanced Mode. Yet to try Performance mode. 
3. Absolutely handy, fits well on hand. 
4. Light weight and looks great. 
Cons: 
1. No earplugs :( 
2. It doesnt comes with screen guard :P but Xiaomi gifts you one as a freebies once order gets delivered which will take few days to reach you. 
Over all : Am pretty happy with my purchase. Its worth paying 13K for this rigorous machine. 
 after 6 day usages issue i faced . 
Cons:
1. heating when you play game for more than 30 min (i played fight! - from angry bird).
2. heating issue when charging . 
Pros 
1. call quality is good  
So if you dont want to play game a lot or use internet a lot then go for it .. 
As heating is so high that if you are playing and some one calls you you cant pick the phone as your ear will get burned ,those staying in HOT climate it is a no no ..  
 People here have already gone on here about how awesome the phone is. I have used this beauty for 1 week and trust me its all true. I will try to keep it short.
Pros:
1. Beautiful piece of hardware - a total eye candy! The look and feel is just amazing.
2. Best UI in the market currently for Android
3. Super Light. Almost makes you feel like you are holding one of those dummy display phones.
4. Good Camera. Gives good photos in low light and amazing ones in good light!
5. Super smooth functionality.
6. Very high level of customization offered.
7. Incredibly display. Full HD people! 
8. Just take a look at the specs and try to accept the fact that you are getting all of this for just 13K.
9. The best value for money deal available for smartphones in this range. 
Cons:
1. Only about 10 GB storage available for use. No expansion slots provided to ensure SD cards dont slow down the phone. I dont store too many videos on my phone so not an issue for me. But could be a deal breaker for some. But guys I seriously recommend giving this phone a try despite that. You can always use the OTG capability or even back up your data periodically for the space issues. 
PS: Heating is not a major issue as some people are saying. Gets warm during charging and heavy use but nothing out of the ordinary. Souldnt be a major issue. 
PPS: Bought the phone cos of the specs and reviews plus the price. Fell in love with it the moment I got my hands on this magnificent device. Not a biased reviewer. Just someone who wants to help fellow countrymen make a good choice.  
Cheers! 
 i order my mi4i on 14th may they told me they will send delivery on 19th....ibut see i received on 16th 2 pm.....so 5/5 for delivery
b4 i buy this perfect thing i check more than 100 comment on flipcart review...
some says bad....some good....some very good in 13k......
my view is extraordinary
no any heating during use....during charge....playing games....
but i didnt tried net so no any comments.....
camera is awesome....
i think better than samsung.....not iphone
so many new features.....
excellent one hand use.....
its looks like beauty of our dream....
touch is good compare to samsung....not to sony
video clearity mind blowing....
u can also catch pic during taking video....i love this features....
u can use 1 gb ram only....not be more
10.70 gb internal storage....
light weight is the main advantage...
battery will take 3.15 hr to be charged from 15 to 100 %
why flipcart not sending user gude booklet....its onlt user guide for how to insert sim card....that is not good..
dont think and buy it on next sale.on 21st may....
real no heating by todays use...
latter on i dont know
in 13k u will not get better than mi4i.....
dont see more comment....i saw already and all comment says heating but now after this sale no heating... 
 Awesome phone with this price range ! camera is decent, brilliant display...so far good and i recommend this product from XIAOMI 
 I bought this mobile on 7th flash sell and got it delivered on 10th Sunday.
After using 7 days with moderate to heavy usage my experience is very good. 
Pro:
1. Light weight.Smart looking slim mobile (this may vary person to person) 
2. Performance is excellent. No lag at all in my experience even with heave usage of game.(Although I am not a gamer) 
3. Heating issue: There is a lot of concern in users regarding heating issue. I have updated the mobile as soon as I started using it. In my Opinion definitely it heated up with online streaming on HD video and hard gaming, but it is natural for all smart phones.
My older Galaxy Grand or my wife's HTC E8 dual also heated up equally. Moreover with such a slim phone's Octacore processor and 2GB RAM with 2 sim transducers and wifi used simultaneously it is expected to generate heat. 
4. Display: excellent display with FHD even under sun. 
5. Battery Backup: One of my reasons to buy is battery back up. It is not supplied with 3120mAH battery rather with 3030mAH battery (Flipkart should correct this information in website. This amounts to noncompliance). With moderate usage with all time Wifi/mobile net on with 2 sims and all time sync with 2 gmail, whatsapp, fb it is going on for more than 24 hours. The battery back up increased after 3-4 full charge/discharge cycle. 
6. MIUI user interface is absolutely fluidic with lots of customization. (far better that touchwiz I used in grand duos).  
7. Camera is good with lot of options for post processing also including post-focus, Slow motion.  
8. Scratch proof Display: I kept many times with trouser pocket with keys or coins. But no scratch till date.  
Cons:
1. Only white colour is available.
2. The speaker volume should have been louder.
3.There is no option for increase in memory (Around 12 GB available after the loading but again NOT A DEAL BREAKER).
4. Although the SAR value is within the stipulated limit, it is on the higher side. 
5. Xiaomi should have supplied headphones with the pack. 
Conclusion: Best buy at this price. Performance wise I can say as good as flagship phone HTC ONE E8.  
 A perfect Budget mobile form Mi mobiles. I ordered the Mi 4i mobile on 14.05.2015 at 2 pm and the product was delivered on 15.05.2015 at 1.30 pm. Flipkart is one of The best online Megastore in India.  
The Mi 4i is a awesome smartphone with great display, camera and performance. I also read about the heating issue through reviews but in my opinion, it is not at all an issue even the great branded phones will heatup a lot.  
The design, quality of manufacturing of Mi 4i is very good and moreover its a full value for money. 
I proudly say, I am one of the owner of Mi 4i smartphone.  
 I wright after 3 day use of Mi 4i phone
good one is nice looking and handy
problem is
1.Net connection, 
2.Heating problem,
3.Audio is not good,
4.Require frequent reboot.
I sending requiest to flipkar,
I hope flipkart may sole regarding my problem. 
 AFTER 1 WEEK OF USAGE FIRST I COME TO THE POINT SOME PEOPLES ARE SAYING THERE IS A HEATING ISSUE AND THIS DEVICE IS A HEATER IT ACTUALLY DOESNT... IT SLIGHTLY GET WARM NO HEATING ISSUE :) 
MY 1ST IMPRESSION IS PROS : 
* EXCELLENT DESIGN AND BUILD QUALITY 
* STUNNING CAMERA FRONT & BACK...
* SUPERB BATTERY LIFE
* VERY VERY CUSTOMIZABLE UI RUNNING ON 5.0
* DISPLAY IS VERY VERY CRISP & THE SPECIAL THING IS IF U TURN OFF THE SCREEN IT LOOKS TOTALLY BLACK THAT GIVES U A RICH LOOK..
CONS : 
* 16GB ON BOARD STORAGE BUT FOR ME ITS ACCEPTABLE...
* MY ONLY CON IS LOUDSPEAKER IS LITTLE LOW BUT ACCEPTABLE :) 
THIS IS THE 4TH DEVICE FROM XIAOMI :) 1S,MI3,NOTE THN NOW MI4I.. I LIKE MOBO PHOTOGRAPHY.. 
I LOVE THIS DEVICE CAMERA COMPARING TO ALL OF THESE.. 
THANK U MI & FLIPKART 
 I was one of the first to get this phones through flash sales in India. Great phone great software. But has some issue with 3G network...Currently disconnects often with Airtel 3G connection in Karnataka usually very often... 
 I bought this phone during the first flash sale and have been using it since. This phone is feature packed and comes at a unbeatable price. 
The screen is amazing, and has rich colors. The speakers and the buttons on the phone are well designed and of high build quality, offering a great user experience. 
I shifted for a Lenovo K900, a phone which was double the price of this phone and I must say that this phone gives an equal competition or even sometimes better performance than phones of a higher price range. 
There is a slight heating problem which happens only after more than 30-40 minutes of gaming. Battery performance is very nice and it does give a long standby time, even while gaming the battery drain is not so much as compared to other phones. The MIUI apps are good and the UI is very nicely designed giving a rich user experience.The phones does not have root access, so for all the people using lucky patcher, you might have to do without it. But Xiaomi does give root access to its phone, they launch a developer ROM on their website which can be used to gain root access without voiding warranty. Just have to wait for that. 
The dual sim switching is good and the signal reception is great with very fast network switching.
Also guys Xiaomi is giving out freebies on their website for Mi4i users so grab them before they run out. 
I can go on and on about this amazing product, giving it 5 stars and hope you guys get one of your own. 
 MY phone hangs in every 2-3 hours even i can not attend the calls, where is 2gb ram 64bit 2nd gen octa core processor 
MiUi 6 is very heavy userinterface it gives nice feeling but verry laggy sometime my phone's soft button doesn't. Work properly and this phone heats a lot!!! What is this same on you xiaomi!!!!! you can make fool not good phones 
 After 3 weeks usage I face few problems 
1. RAM is occupying 1.2 GB all the time out of 2 GB
2. Heating issue MI might fix this issue in coming releases. 
3. Big Issue: Speakers sound is very low, before release of this mobile I thought sound would rocks but it is failed under this section
4. Size of the software (Loliipop) is more, should be reduced
5. Other than MI launchers phone is freezing and lag
6. Camera is not that much clear in low lights 
 Hardware is good but of course a copy of iphone 5c.
But software MIUI is the most crappy software,
Apps crashing for no reason 
phone reboots automatically sometimes that too for no reason
some times apps won't work, you either need to restart or factory reset some times
phone consumes always 1GB of RAM with no apps running in background where as iphone runs on 1GB of RAM
If you play games the phones heats up very fast.
Xiaomi has made big fool out of us saying Mi4i comes with Lollipop, even after uprading to 6.5.3 i don't find not even a single goodie from Lollipop like project volta(battery saver),no buttery smooth frame rates,no material design, no encryption and many others.
If Xiaomi wants to expand to international market they should better concentrate on their quality of software and updates, they should learn a lot from cyanogen in this regard.  
 This product is great. Performance is good.
Battery is good for 1 days.
No hanging issues.
Am not a game lover so i didn't have idea about gaming performance.
Overall performance is super... 
 Xiaomi mi4i is a amazing product with reasonable price. It makes to people a excellent smart.
It has excellent performance. 
 It is very surprising that the company is not providing Headphone with the phone and FM is not working without headphone. 
 The form factor, the display *sigh* and the performance! I have found no issues with the phone till date. Yes, the camera part (that's where the motherboard is housed) heats up slightly (and i mean slightly) which is no reason for concern at all. The camera and sound performance is great too. In all, 13000 for the Mi 4i is a high quality handset at a dirt-cheap price. 
 I am not a big techie, heard a lot about Xiaomi MI devices, decided to go for it. As of now, I am happy with the device. I will talk about two things which users are complaining about whereas the rest of things are flawless. 
1. Heating :Slight heating issues but every other smartphone running on high specs have this issue. As the performance increases the load on the processor increases, it is simple as that. Xiaomi service says the phone temperature should not go beyong 50 degrees and as of now it hasn't.  
2. Battery : Awesome!! I downloaded loads of apps , installation , played angry birds. Still delivers. I am not a high end gamer so can't comment on that end.  
And ya don't forget to update the phone as soon as you receive it or else you shall be sitting in the complain panel ;)  
 An excellent product by Xiaomi, I am very much satisfied with this mobile, this is premium mid range phone, why to pay Rs.26K for same specification of other branded phone, if your budget is limited to Rs.15K look no further just buy it, few reviver have reported heating issue, honestly I did not experience heating issue after 2 days of heavy uses, battery capacity is excellent it last more than one and half day. Make sure you update the software soonest to get the best result of this mobile.  
For those who are looking for more storage may opt additional OTG pendrive "Sandisk Ultra Dual 16 On-The-Go Pendrive" (smallest in the market which work flawlessly).
Update: Difficult to find genuine accessories, Filpkart please pay attention. 
 1.battery issue,charging stop automatically after sometime.
2.sound is very low,even cant hear phone ringtone.
3.heating issue while charging,browsing,& at the time of camera using.Heating we feel
4.camera also not very good.result of the camera not like 13 mega pixel.is like 8 mp only.
in night or low light there is noise in the image.
5.no expandable memory. 
Other things are ok.
If solve this problem then it is very good device. 
 Camera is below Average,
Rear is too cheap
Display and Battery is good,
but 
Cant compensate other flaws.
Better to have Samsung Galaxy S4,
which is now @16,499/- 
 Value for money, just a reminder of how overpriced other major brands are!!! 
Exceptionally good camera - really good quality; front as well as back. 
I could get one in the first sale as well as in the second sale - I have been using it from the first sale. 
The much discussed heat issue - every phone gets heated up after using high graphic games and yes, Mi4i too get heated up. I have been using Samsung for a quite long time I have faced the heating issue in those phones as well, which is pretty much similar. 
The only issue I feel is the 16GB, which would have been a 64GB and adding up another 2K found have been ideal deal. 
Thank you. 
 not working as good as advertising ...very lagging in processes .......some app is suddenly close automatically ...... 
 Before two day i had purchase mi4i phon on EMI but now i have facing some problem in this phone. speakers are not working. plz dnt buy this phone. 
 I have gifted "Mi4i" to someone and for the first time in my gifting history this gift has embarrassed me by coming back to me with the name of a "BOILER". 
It is a good quality, compact, very well build and HD screen boiler, which you can bring anywhere with you to heat the water and your pocket. 
If MI/Xiaomi people are reading this comment then it is a request to resolve this issue as soon as possible and convert this BOILER into a SMARTPHONE.  
 After spending money and waiting for flash sale with great enthusiasm you buy what to have it a duck.
Pros : Elegant design, Light Weight.
Cons: Heats up quickly without any activity, battery drain fast, Not all good camera compare to other xiaomi phones. Memory is very one fourth of the space is covered by MIUI updates. sound quality is poor. You have to be in lonely place to hear the sound.
Its an advice please dont buy it because spending money on this phone is not worth. 
 flipkart is best in replacement policy as i purchased last phones but HIGHLY DISAPPOINTED for WORST SERVICES in flipkart 
I am giving review after 10 day uses and update (Aprox 1 GB)
Heating issue not solved after update, 
This phone is only for normal user (Camera and Looking),
This phone is very heated for
 1 ) Game lover 
 2 ) Calling duration is more than 15 min
 3 ) If you use phone in day light   
 too be frank  
Company have to provide headphones with it which is missing part in the box  
OVERALL HEATING ISSUE WITH THIS HANDSET YOU ARE UNABLE TO USE IT WITH IN CHARGING YOU HAVE TO WAIT FOR 5-10 MIN FOR COOL IT THEN USE 
 Enough of bullshit... I am using this for last 3 days and its a wow... 
No Heating after upgrade and its working perfectly fine. 
only thing I noticed is charging time is more compared to my previous mobile. 
Rest ... Fantastic...!!! 
 Enough with the pros and cons. This review is to address those who have unnecessarily given this phone 1 or 2 stars. If anyone finds this rude, then I am not sorry at all.
First, you are getting a phone at Rs 12999 which has the features of a phone of Rs 25000. The build quality, call quality everything has awesomeness written all over it.
Second, the screen is better than that of Apple's Iphone. Even the touch response is superb. U wont find a better screen at such a price, infact this could well be the best display u will ever see.
Third, the heating problems, well every smartphone does heat up a bit. And after updating, I dont think there will be any heating problem.
U need to understand one thing, this phone is not for power users simply bcoz of 11gb internal memory. But you should have checked it before buying. Multi tasking is fine but if you a heavy gamer then you need to adjust with the heating problems.
I got this delivered today and trust me I am happy that I bought it. This is my first Xiaomi phone and I couldnt ask for anything better.
So, people who are looking to buy this go ahead without any worries. U will be mesmerized by this one.
I will surely update within a week if there are any genuine problems.
Appeal to all the other reviewers please donot give 1 star or unwanted reviews. Check everything and then post your review 
 Brought in the first flash sale..here are my observations after few days of heavy usage: 
Pros:
1) Excellent display - certainly the best 1080p display I have seen south of 20k!
2) Solid config at 13K - configuration wise a very good value for money. 
3) Excellent selfie camera
4) Good build quality, excellent feel in the hand - lightweight poly-carbonate body. Seems, it can withstand a couple of drops before giving away.
5) Good standby time. Overall, battery life is satisfactory. 
Cons:
1) Heat: Lot of people complained about the heating issue, and certainly that is a problem. Heats quite a bit even with non-intensive usage (certainly, heating during 3d gaming is acceptable, but during talking with 3G off - thats a bit problematic)
2) WiFi Signal: Weak, very weak. Drops completely at same place where other phones show 60-70% signal
3) Low Speaker phone volume - terribly low sounding speakers. Sure to miss out on ringing when outside
4) Similarly, sound over headphones (tried multiple), the volume is pretty low and also, audio quality seems to be mediocre
5) MIUI - not a very big fan
6) 10-11GB usable space - that is a constraint. Xiaomi could have provided atleast 32 GB storage.
7) Noticed some bugs, like sometimes heard my own voice through earpiece. Didnt happened frequently, but still a matter of concern 
8) Poor primary camera - images looks ok on the phone, but when viewed on a computer, they look smudged. Especially, pics taken indoors. Difficult to believe that its some Sony sensor taking these pics (as claimed by Xiaomi) 
Overall, perhaps a good buy under 14K, but it has its own set of problems/compromises. Personally, I am not very satisfied or rather not very happy with the purchase. I mean, I would have preferred spending few bucks more to get some other brands even if specs would have been inferior rather than getting Mi 4i...   
 phone is amazing but i got a faulty one. there is problem with the screen of phone, as the screen does not fit well at the bottom of the phone. overall a good budget phone from xiaomi. 
 After using for about 2 weeks 
Pros: 
1) Price
2) Look - Very Slim and Beautiful 
3) Display Quality - Color Reproduction- Full HD is very good
4) Camera - Beautify Feature is really good- Auto focus is Fast -Slow motion available
5) UI - 90% Of UI is very good
6) Battery - Easily goes up to 1.5 day
7) Call Quality is good
8) 99% times it did not lag. 
Cons:
1) No SD- Although I don't need so does not matter for me
2) Gets Warm While using camera and charging but not a big problem. 
Overall its value for money and You will not regret if you buy this phone. I am enjoying and very happy with this phone   
 Thanks for Flipkart and Xiaomi... for this great phone but i have raised the replacement request B'coz...of  
my screen panel and outer edge not fitted perfectly.. their is a gap like hire crack size... i am worried how to secure my phone from dust and water... and i observed when navigation keys on...and lights...come outside the phone from bottom frame... 
Hope Flipkart helping me in this issue... and resolve my issue... 
I am user of REDMI 1s , Redmi 2 and now MI4I..  
Thanks - Suhas 
 Its not an excellent /must have product, as shown in the launch event video. 
Major problem is heating. Heats while gaming and using internet, but not on calling. Cameras are OK. Display is great, battery is also really good. 
Slim, nice to hold 
but heating problem is really a drawback especially when we pay 13k 
 Coming from an user of HTC Wildfire S, S3 and Note 2.  
After using Note 2 for two years, I have developed a disliking for any phone more than 5 inch frame. So, i have been looking for a light phone and between the 4.5 and 5 inch frame. It is such a bad idea to use such large phones. Only good stuff in that range available are iPhones but cost prohibited me :-( 
Love the Nexus series but the Size of Nexus - 6 is a big no. Didn't want to go for a LG phone. So no Nexus 5.  
Bought Mi 4i in first sale and have been using it for a week now.  
Good
--------
1) A very light and sleek phone. You don't feel it in your pocket.
2) Great design and awesome MIUI interface. You wouldn't feel it in your hand and very easy to use with one hand. 
3) First grade front and back Camera with a great software supporting it. A selfie from front camera is much better than many phone's back camera photos. 
4) Awesome Display and butter like touch.
5) Very good battery, during few of the less usage days, didn't charged it for two days straight. 
6) The accompanying charger helps in charging it fully in 30-40 minutes.  
Bad
----------
1) No microSD slot, so people like who are big on photos and my own stored music have limited options. 
2) No Mi 4i Pouch/Cover/Case available with sales or even now. With the kind of limited sales, there are no available covers yet from third party. I loved how Moto gave the awesome magnetic cover with the launch of Moto G Gen2. Gifted the phone and cover to my mom on the launch day itself. Everybody loves the cover more than the phone :-)
3) Performance is also not very good. Specially for somebody coming from Note -2 usage for two years. It took ages to install Play Store Apps or loading some Performance heavy app such as Quora.  
Ugly
-----------
1) Heat Heat and Heat !!
2) With a slight of high usage e.g. Long call, YouTube videos it heats like hell. You can not keep it to your ear after a 15 minute call. 
3) Signals: It has some issues with receiving the Signals. It doesn't work well in low strength area. There are occasions when every phone in the room has working mobile data and people are watching YouTube but Mi 4i is struggling to even load a page. I have start receiving complains from friends and family members that my phone is off at few times a day. Never ever i was out of range or switch off with my Note -2 or S3 or Wildfire S.  
I thought of returning it because of the heating and signal issues. But because of lack of any other good and affordable choice in the 4.5 to 5 inch size, holding the thought for some time now.  
As i am not into mobile gaming and long calls, i am OK with the phone for now. For those rare long calls i use headphones as everybody should do to reduce the harm to your brain :-) 
A good value for money but for heating and signal issues. 
 After taking photos from camera,Unable to see preview of photo and unable to see photos in gallery.
Phone was heating too much for minor operations.
Screen Touch was not so much great.
Android Lollipop OS in this Mobile,not that much great. 
 all are good 
bettry is good 
camera gives me the excellent quality 
you should buy it 
charging fast 
and very cheap as compare to other phones  
 I have ordered 2 pcs of Mi 4i. I am using Samsung S3 and S5 at present. 
The phone feels good in hand and is easy to hold. 
Screen resolution is nice. I found the interface of the phone a bit dull. Fonts are small and the notification panel icons are highlighted very less when turned on, making it hard to distuinguish whether the feature is turned on or off.  
The good:
i) Light weight
ii) Nice screen
iii) Lots of option for customization
iv) Useful pre-installed apps.
v) Nice battery backup
vi) Price
vii) Very good front camera for selfie (Much better than my S5)  
and the Bad 
i) Back is dust magnet
ii) Front glass although claimed to be scratch resistant but easilt gets scratches.
iii) Although speaker sound doesn't distort but the volume level is mediocre (still better than S5)
iv) Back camera is not that good. Color are under saturated,low light pictures are noisy and dull.
v) No expendable memory is a headache (Less than 12 available storage).  
Hope these points help to decide whether to go with the phone or not. 
 I have bought this product last week . believe me guys this is one of the excellent phone i have used in my life...very nice satisfactory feel and design of the phone.dual sim options are very nice for calling and messages. camera is great.battery life is also very nice.
i dont find any issue with the product till date. I would recommend this product 
 except heating slightly on some occasions, like when charging and taking photos continuously.
I have not tried games on this mobile as I am not a game enthusiast.
I could say heating is not at all a problem.
I am so much impressed by the performance and great display. 
 COMPLETELY SATISFIED ! value for money,nice design build and display!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :))) 
 I have helped a lot of people purchase phones around me in the past few months. I'd help them buy the best phones available at that particular time: Moto e-g, Redmi 1S-2, Yureka One Plus etc. I was waiting for a phone that I could convince myself to buy. I saw the Moto break its screen fairly easily, the Redmi 1S heat up and the lack of sensors on Yureka (important to me). 
I sat through the online launch video of 4i and it left me pretty mesmerized. I knew that I was not going to buy OnePlus and so 4i would be my second best option. 16 GB is kind of low in this day and age of Full HD videos but with usb support, I was sure I could overcome that requirement. So, I took the plunge and I am pretty happy with my purchase. 
I'd like to point out a few things that I have not seen covered in reviews so far:
1. I have pretty sweaty hands, but despite of the fact that the back cover is all white, I have not seen any smudges so far. And even with my small hands I am able to do most of the tasks on this phone.
2. The launch video suggested that they have done something about the sound. From what I understood: most phones have their speakers at the back. But if you put the phone on a table with speaker side down, the sound gets muffled. This has been improved in 4i, and it is pretty noticeable. It still does not work if you put it on something that muffles the sound e.g. pillows.
3. The sunlight visibility feature is really an improvement above all the past devices. 
I sincerely hope 4i gives me flawless service of of at least an year and a half and that I do not get to test out their after sale service. I missed out on the last sale of the Mi Band but plan on getting it in the next one. That would really augment this wonderful device very well. 
 awasm camera and screen and processor. look awasm but in my phone there is some heating problem it become heavy hot some time at the top section, heavy hot .problem or not dont know . plz tell me 
 Bought it on first sale made on 30th April, received it on 3rd May. (Delivery good) 
Using it since week now with dual sim (3g on 1st Sim & 2g on second sim) 
Over all looks - 10 / 10 (light weight, handy)
Over all speed - 9 / 10 (octa processor rocks, 2GB ram is required to be 3GB)
Over all functions - 9 / 10 (Need additional sensors like infrared, lollipop rocks)
Over all audio - 5 / 10 (Not at all satisfying audio)
Over all battery life - 8 / 10 (with avg use & dual sim with wifi battery lasts for a day)
Over all Camera - 9 / 10 both front & rear camera is good - front camera is really good
Over all Diaplay - 5 / 10 Though it says gorilla corning 3 glass i had scratches on day 1
Over all user experience - 9 / 10 - good package in the price tag. 
Over all ratings - 8 / 10 (I am music lover and this rating is due to poor sound quality & non scratch proof glass) 
 good smart phone & felt like iphone use. suggests that accessories like headphone, smart filp cover etc, should have been provided during launch. also atleast now can be provided at online stores immdtly. 
 Good mobile under 15k, initially seeing others reviews about heating issue I was worried, but took a changes of buying it with finger crossed
There is no heating issue after installing bug fix software.
5 out of 5 
 Yes it is a great phone. There was some issues with my cell and I asked them to change or return it but after taking the guidance of flipkart person I was able to solve my issue. Main problem is that there is no suitable flip cover of it other things are great... 
 overall phone is really good but there is overheating problem . even the loudspeaker is really low on sound and currently there are no accessories available for phone 
 superb phone ..best in class for the price..initially had heating problems, after update provided by MI, heating issue is solved. 
pros:
nice full HD screen 
good speed ,no lags
MIUI6 IS AWESOME
Camera is good quailty , low light its ok.
call quality is excellent..
phone is light weight , built quailty is excellent.
charging in 3 hours, single charge lasts for a day. 
cons 
justed needed a memory card slot , but Otg support is there that solves it..
i recommend this phone who wants buys ..  
 1. super budget samart phone 
2. heating problem
3. no expandable memory
4. battery okay
5. camera features good.. super selfie camera
6. good slim
7. internet speed oky
8. valuable for money 
 Hi guys!
I have been using the Mi 4i for about 5 days now.
A phone should never be judged on its specs but the end-user-experience.
The first thing you will be mesmerised at when you hold the phone is the perfect and strong build.The phone is extremely sleek and fashionable.
The display quality is top notch.Full HD pics and videos look great.The OGS corning concore is resistant to scratches from daily usage.
I was really happy with the MIUI. Lots of customisations.Not a lot of bloatware.
The performance of the phone is great.There are two modes to work with.One is the performance mode and the other is balanced mode.There are no noticeable lags in each mode...... however for heavy use such as benchmarks or demanding games the Performance mode is better.Ram management on the phone is better than the redmi 2 or redmi note 4g.
I have had no problems with 3g connectivity. And call quality is good on both ends.
The battery life on the phone is pretty impressive(Note:When the phone was released Xiaomi said that the phone has 3120mAh battery ..... however the product box mentions it as about 3000 mAh.)
Xiaomi has done good work in the camera department. Both the front and back cameras are excellent and there are decent customisations in the camera software. 
Finally i would like to talk about a minor heating issue in the phone.
I would say that if you are a heavy gamer.... do not go for this phone.
The heating is not much.In heavy browsing or using the camera the phone warms up just a little.Again .... this is not at all abnormal. However the phone becomes a little hotter when using maybe GPS navigation. Almost all new phones tend to get a little warm with the power they pack inside.
Yes,I would recommend this phone to my friends.    
 I found it better than what the price tag suggests. Only thing lacking for me is the music quality of the phone. But perfection can only be desired, can never be achieved. 
 I gifted this to my wife. Initially I was really disappointed to see many issues like lagging, heating, camera, slow process etc. After few changes in the settings, all were resolved. Heating also became less now. I feel the camera quality is little low compare to my mi3. But, I strongly believe XIAOMI will never disappoint its customers. Future updates, will solve each issues and make this jem to shine more... 
Thank you XIAOMI... 
 Mi-4i battery doesn't even lasts for 6 hours that to in standby!!! 
On the very first day i charged to 100% and after using it for just 1 hour of data, and 20 mins of call, the battery was only 21%!!!! 2 hours after the battery just died.
I seriously doubt whether mi has placed a 3120 mAh battery inside this. 
I have been using Redmi note 3G for more than 3 months now and compared to that its worthless when it comes to battery!!!  
 A fully charged phone discharges rapid and goes to 0% charge in few
hours time. This happens even when the phone is not used. 
The phone also overheats 
Requested for a replacement 
 Thanks to Filpkart for prompt delivery. Awesome phone in affordable price. Feel like Apple I phone, Bought it in first flag sale on 30th April 2015. 
 I bought this phone on first flash sale, used this for a week.  
I like all their advertised features, selected this phone after reading so much reviews about multiple phones in the same price band.  
It works good except heating problem. I played Candy Crush for about 20 mins and the phone got heated up, so couldn't decided whether to continue using the phone after that. It happened on when performance core got activated. In normal mode, it works better.   
 nice device...fully smart and custamizable..
it is very sexy n beautiful device...
power backup is also nice
n my frnds also happy n register mi4i.. 
 I purchased this phone as a gift for my father. Though I received it on 2nd May, we gifted it only today because of the occasion.  
Setup:
Setup took longer than expected. I thought there was some confusion with Google account setup when it repeated the step again once done. That said, everything else was fine. 
Heat:
Phone got warmer during normal usage at the top. But I guess that's with almost every smartphone nowadays. I didn't feel it much later on, may be because it subsided or I got used to it :) 
Primary Camera:
Didn't not play around much. From what I have seen, pic quality is quite decent but even a slight unsteady hand can make your pics blurred.  
Performance:
Seemed fine, though I could notice a lag while trying to change screens/apps swiftly. 
Overall, it seemed like a decent buy for its price. But, need to see how it fares in the long run. 
 Heats up a lot and Battery is so poor as compare to redmi note 4. it goes to 50% only with 10-15 minutes camera use 
Low battery could be due to its high resolution display (441ppi) and Camera. 
Everything else is awesome and it is a real flagship killer, the build quality is awesome 
 First of all this phone is real competitor for the phones of this Range........If ur going to Buy.......go for it with second thought...one more thing is that u have to update MIUI immediately after uboxing to prevent Heatings Issues and for good UI experience.... 
and the path is settings->about phone->system updates 
Pros: 
Build Quality is Excellent
Light weight
No Heating Issues!!!!(Mild heat as it is common with smart phones...)
HD screen
Camera Awesome FRONT AND Rear
MI cloud with free 5gb storage 
Cons:
Memory is nearly 11GB 
 hi...after using for a week,i am writing this review....  
1. Battery Backup excellent
2.Design is best
3. Display very gud
4. Camera in day light is awesome
5. Performance is nice.  
 I have used Samsung Galaxy, Moto G, One Plus One before. As being enthusiastic about Custom ROMS and customization freak, no device remain in stock condition with me for more than hour. Mi 4i has been outstanding so far. Updated to latest 6.5.3.0 and have not observed any excessive heating. I am not a avid gamer, but watched couple of 1080p on it and its screen is wow.Camera good. However, I can say nothing beats Color OS camera on One Plus One. As you get what you pay, no complaints....Awesome deal at 13k. 
 This is my first mobile from Xiaomi. Previously I used Samsung Galaxy S5 for 10 months. First I was surprised with the build quality with outstanding looks and also got attracted to it's sleeky design. Initially phone gets heated up but it overcomes by updating with latest MIUI. Stunning Display, Good Battery Back up, Some lag found while using facebook. I think it did a great job under 13k while compared with flagship devices. One word, "It is far better than my previous Samsung Galaxy S5 mobile". Don't hesitate to buy... Go for it. 
 4i has really low sound output.. I surely miss my calls in case the phone is placed on my bed or sofa... Xiomi should send some kind of update to overcome this.. but not sure if it is possible... But it has great display and I am really impressed with the colors.... good camera.. sometimes phone heats up while talking longtime or playing graphic intensive games.. 
 Pros : 
1. Full HD display (1080p)
2. Smooth touch
3. Good performance(Multitasking, Gaming)
4. Very good camera (both front & rear)
5. Good battery life for a featured phone like this (almost 18-20hr of moderate usage with gaming, mobile-data, sync on continuously)
6. Great UI (MIUI6)
7. Looks
.......and many more..  
Cons :
1. No app drawer
2. No microSD slot
3. Non-removable battery (though I don't consider it as a drawback)
4. Slippery back (it can be fixed with a back cover) 
Overall, this phone is worth every penny. 
 After 7th day, my mobile fell from my pocket unfortunately . The screen is broken and touch is not working Mobile is not good quality which they shown in flag ship video which mean they saying it the tested the product. I have used many android mobile but this Mi 4i is complete crap phone even a small drop this mobile will not handle. Please don't buy it. It not a good quality. Get's heated, not good hardware, Cheap bad quality screen (Not gorilla) very bad flag ship product from Xiaomi. 
Service center in chennai heactic always 40 people are present so this mean every one mobile have some defect. we are buying it in flash sale without understanding the real issue in mobile. 
Before buying it please visit Mi service center in your locality and U will find people coming to service center are more.  
As per the heading it clear that - Product is good in hardware design and speed. Screen quality. But it has issue in heating while charging mostly all the time after 3 days of usage can't able make call as there is complete heat present so making call will burn our ears mostly. Its not good. While using 2g more time mobile not get heated but in 3g it get heated within 20 mins of usage only in facebook none other apps. Few apps get crashed while opening not sure will there be any bug fixes from MI. 
Over all
HEATING issue which will be make you think before buying this. As myself thinked same way and now have this mi 4i in my hand. its very slipery in hand need a hard case to hold it.apart this is ok.
Screen is wow.
smooth moving between apps no lag.
keeping mobile ideal not much battery drained only little . ?Hardly mobile gave 12 hours in 2g with few games and 2 hours call. 
if 3g is on then Heat is on. 
Mobile took 3hours to 100% charge from 4%.  
Multiple apps running background also made the mobile get heated. 
I hope my review will be helpful. 
 I have been using this mobile since 3 days and I am satisfied.. 
Experience: 
FIRST and SECOND Day : Got warm on first boot. Infact whole day it was getting warm while playing high end games and 3g browsing.
THIRD DAY: NO HEATING ISSUE, NOT EVEN WHILE CHARGING AND PLAYING high end games.......But it is advisable not to use it heavily while charging. 
Ratings: 
looks : 9/10  
camera 10/10 (front is extraordinary , rear is also good) . 
battery 7/10 (expected more from this 3000+mAh). 
performance 9/10.. 
if looks,camera and battery are your priority u can buy this one without any hesitation... 
P.S: please do not over react on heating issue , specially on the first day (Every high end mobile gets warm)
display 10/10 (sunlight display is tooooo good).. 
 Its a superb well built phone with brilliant display.The display will give iphone a run for its money.I didnt find any heating issue while charging or while handling(maybe depends handset to handset) 
Overall a brilliant phone for its price range. 
Only negative I can think of is small software lags which I hope will be fixed and
16 gb non expandable memory.Other than that its an absolute beauty 
 I had high expectations on this device and it pretty much lived up to it but but but, one major drawback is the overheating processor that heats up the phone inconveniently hot even with minimal usage.  
 just go for it if you don't want to brag about your phone brand in front of your friends :) 
Overall package is Value for money. 
 One of the best device ever had. 
The camera quality is just simply superb, none, i mean none of phone camera can beat its quality.  
Rich color of the screen is just mesmerizing. 
Battery backup is just superb. 
The drawbacks i found is heating issue and missing extendable memory option which can be compromised with this price range and quality of the product. 
 Pros:
1. Super Spec
2. Best Price
3. Camera and sound nice
Cons:
1.No SD Card Option
2.default screen protector covers the front camera and proximitiy sensor so , making us difficult to have call dropping and front came function faills.
As screens guards n market takes time to come need to adjust a lot with this. 
 The Mi 4i is the first Xiaomi phone to be launched with Android 5.0 Lollipop. But thanks to the MIUI 6 skin atop the phone, you can barely tell the difference between the look of the Mi 4i from the Mi 4 or even Redmi 2.
The overall look of the MIUI 6 hasnt changed drastically from the MIUI 5, but Xiaomi has refined the app design, made apps more simpler and flatter in appearance. For instance, the music and video apps are neatly divided into local and cloud sections; the clock app has a new design which is again divided into alarm, stopwatch, timer and clock; weather app has beautiful data visualisation; the Security app is neatly divided into different sections such as cleaner, data usage, blocklist and so on. There is a nice toggle button to switch a setting on or off.
However, there are times when I noticed that loading the camera app or clicking on a folder full of apps took a second longer to open. The lock screen has a shortcut  swiping from right to left  to directly launch the camera app. At times a quick swipe from the right showed me the home screen for a fraction of a second, before the camera app opened. I doubt that it is designed to work that way, and hopefully Xiaomi will release an update soon to fix this bug. 
 pro:
- Battery.
- resolution quality.
- beautiful interface.
- 2gb ram is more than enough with this processor.
- awesome camera quality.
- no such heating issue. 
cons:
- memory cards are not supported but you can extend the memory using OTG.
- Sound output is very low from the speakers. 
overall, excellent mobile at this range. Appearance both of the hardware & software is superb, 
 Phone hangs very often. Application latency is very high. Tired of waiting for application to open.RAM is always overloaded. On first boot RAM load was around 1.5GB. Internal SD card spec is 16GB already 5.5 GB is consumed by UI. 
 Dont get fooled by the specification. The performance of the phone is not good at all.
1. The phone gets heated up even after playing games like 2048. During charging the temperature becomes quite high
2. There is lag in the interface. Even whatsapp is not as fluent as you hope it would be.
3. Google apps like dialer cannot be installed easily. 
4. The body is very slippery. Quite uncomfortable to hold in one hand.   
 first of all its a xiaomi device with android L 5.0.2 and miui 6. this ui is one of the best ui. great low to mid range phone. build quality is good. display is the biggest plus point for this device. but i am not so happy with sound quality of this phone. and obviously there is heating issue with snapdragon 615. camera is good. overall in this price range it is the best phone to buy. 
 Pros:
-Built quality is good and lightweight.
-Screen resolution is great.
-Battery life is just great. Lasts a day even with moderate to heavy usage.
-Camera is good compared to other devices in this price range.
-Snapdragon 615 is a good processor.Heats just a little bit while dealing with heavy gaming. 
Cons:
-No expandable storage. 
 Excellent display, Camera and Battery. In some review heating issue mentioned but I'm using from two day it did not get heated in normal/daily use. 
 Its a decent phone in such low price. 
It gives you a premium feel when you touch. 
Touchscreen is awesome, you can say its more than a feature touch. 
Camera shutter is very fast, it clicks in less than a sec. 
No lags while playing high end games. 
Battery runs for 1.5 days.  
Every phone has a heating issue, even the Iphone. I have used Samsung, Micromax knight. These phones got heated more than Mi4i. 
But after the update I was not expecting heating issue will fix but it did. Speaker is in backside of phone so if you keep your phone in desk or sofa you will hear very low volume. I have installed a lot of application and it never lagged. High end games like Mortal Kombat, Modern combat 2, Real Steel champain, Asphalt 8, BIA 3, Future fight and lots of other applications runs very smoothly. 
If someone is disappointed after such performance in such price then there is no word for me to say :P 
After the update I ran AnTuTu Benchmark and my score is 39261 before it was 34k. 
Cons: No headphone, People are complaining that they didnt get headset. Whats the use of a crappy headset that you get with Moto G? Buy your own! For this price, lack of headset is nothing for me.   
 Phone is too good.No heating on normal uses including internet regular use of 1-2hr.
sound quality is not so much but normally we use headphones.Camera is good both rear & front.Display is awesome with sensitive touch. 
 Well overall the phone is very good and handy. Works elegantly in performance mode. Camera quality is not awesome but yeah quite good at this price and last but not the least being an Ex-Nokia user m a bit disappointed with the sound quality. 
 The heating issue is real, especially during call receiving and you can feel on your ears.  
Battery drains out fast, battery saver mode not very efficient 
Volume and speaker is very ordinary, phone has lag issue.  
Overall not recommended for power-users. 
Screen is good but other things are a let down. 
 Pls do not buy this shitt.. its total waste of money
Save your money its not worth for 4000 rs also .. 
Lots of Heating issue found during rebooting & surfing internet
The device Heats for games like subway surfer and candy crush 
Battery also drops a lot even after disabling unwanted apps with reduced brightness 
Performance also Lags while switching between different apps it some time gets rebooted automatically 
Its a best Heating device made by Xiaomi. 
The call quality is nice display quality is clear camera quality is also nice again while taking snaps it heats up a lot.. 
so over all It is a rubbish device which xiaomi has manufactured.. i have requested flipkart for refund of my money  
xiaomi should not make false quotes .. first test your device then introduce it to the market .. 
18 months of research for this shit is total waste if you make such device 
 hi had bought this phone from flipkart the phone is good but the disadvantage is in built 16 Gb memory no expandable (No Memory slot ) it is inbuilt... 
 I have used the phone for a day now. There is undoubtedly a heating issue in the device, but not as much people are saying. It does get a bit warm after an heavy usage. I would request Hugo Barra and his staff to give an update to fix the heating issue. 
Other than the heating issue, I did not feel any kind of problem in this phone. 
Display- Display is really good. As said by Xiaomi the ppi of this device is greater than that of Iphone 6.
Build Quality- Decent for a 13k phone.
Performance - No as such heavy lag is experienced by me till now.
Camera - Nice, but would have improved.
Storage - People who are okay with 11 Gigabytes of storage : This is the best phone.
Other wise one can anyday access more files with an OTG cable. 
Till now, I am not coming across any decent back covers. I would request to launch some funky covers and cases for Mi 4i. 
Overall, I would rate this phone a 4 out of 5. 
PS: I am not a new Xiaomi user. I have used a Redmi Note 4G before. 
 first of all i want to say.. the only thing people complain about this phone is heating issue.. yes it heats, but only after excess use of camera or gaming. other than that it is a masterpiece and truly a flagship device.. 
pros:
*best display 
*awesome camera (very good front cam)
*battery life of this phone will make you awe
*the phone looks more premium than its price
*no lags while gaming
*MIUI is really good
*very slim (130 grams)
*full HD video recording
*very smooth touch 
cons:
*no ear phones in package
*and yeah.. heating a bit 
for those user's who are in dilema to buy this phone or not after seeing the comment's on heating.. 
 *dont miss this awesome phone bcoz of its heating.. it dosent even heat that much as others are saying* 
 The front cam age feature caught a lot of attention, After using 3 hours of wifi as soon as i put this phone in my pocket i feel some heat. But after that in the evening till Tuesday night didn't observe any heat, While charging the phone on Tuesday night got a call (with wifi on) where i feel the heat on my ears for some time but its not alarming (Delhi is hot in summers) the quality and loudness of the call is something i felt for the 1st time.. OTA updates (806 Mb) did fix some bugs on this device. MiUI themes are rocking, Played Clash of Clans, Subway Surfers, Temple Run 1, 2. all run smoothly (without heat). 
 First of all Display of the phone is outstanding.
battery backup is good
interface is smooth.
while many people complaining about the heating issue ,for my concern i didn't
felt any such issue in spite of continuous using WiFi connection,Multitasking etc..
No heating issue on booting and initial setup.
Sound is not as good as expected its feeble where its does lacks.
you have to use headphone to get crystal clear sound.
Camera is excellent
regardless of being 5 inch display it looks small n sleek.
For this price range You shouldn't bother buying it.. 
 12999 everything comes with a cost attach to it , the best buy is when u pay n get the worth of it and MI4I is a great buy
pros
looks- too gud
screen resolution- superb
battery-gud
ram enough opening few games and above normal uses  
audio-descent
memory- thats lil issue but getting a honda civic for maruti prize is good- those who expects BMW in Alto price please get a life 
con
heats little but not to the extremes   
 Dont believe in rumours... my Mi 4i doesnt heat much... and the battery camera and display are superb... as told earlier..user memory is 12.9 GB with preloaded APPS. free ram is around 850 MB which is little surprising, little low. 
everything is fine. 
 I`ve used so many android phones but so far this is the best one I could find.. The more I`m using it the more I`m loving it... ya there is lil bit issue of heating while charging but that no an big issue rest everyting is amazing at this price segment, amazing camers, processor etc... but one thing I must say if company ppl read this that company should provide atleat a screen guard since its a new model & no screen guard is available in the market...no ear phone even in the box...but thx for providing such an amazing phone at this price... 
 Pros:
-- BEST DESIGN. It is an Eye-Candy as it is very sleek and light weighted.
-- Has an amazing display and touch.
-- Back Camera is suberb when u have some light around u.. Front Camera is far better than other phones in this price range.
-- MIUI is easy to use and has many unique features like clean up and scan.
-- Battery is average.. Lasts for more than 24 hours on standard usage. 
Cons:
-- Speaker output is very low. Not audible in crowded place. It is the worst part.
-- Heats up a bit when u do a phone call while it is on charge. Not much of an issue.
-- Lags while using multiple apps. 
Altogether, I am satisfied with the phone and would recommend you to buy it..!!!  
 Got my phone, and to my amaze its awesome looking. My take after a couple of days usage
Pro's
1) Superb looks
2) Super fast performance, no delay's or hang's
3) battery lasts more than a day
4) Awesome themes and decent customization options
5) Thin form factor, it almost feels like iPhone in the palm (MIUI also something similar to iPhone)
6) Good resolution
Cons
1) Only 10GB available for use
2) On multiprocessing of too many things, you can feel it getting hot at back, but its ok you don't do it often
3) Glossy /smooth finish - slips from hand often  
 This is my first XIAOMI Phone.i am very happy with the performance and battery backup. camera and display is very good. when we put into charging ,phone is slightly heating.that is the only drawback of the phone.overall it is good phone. 
 Very good phone. Feel is good. Just heating issue but that can be ignored. Overall very good phone in this price range. 
 Excellent Performance,This much of good Camera Result in this price is too good part of it,Performance vise its tremendous. Must buy this piece. 
 Best buy at this price!
Awesome Camera.Awesome Look and feel.
Weighs very light.
Go ahead and buy it!
Great service by flipkart! 
 worth the money. Heating only while charging, that OK and is not a negative factor. Performance is good. 
 Phone is light in weight, screen was good , speed is good , looking was average. but price should be 10k or 11 k. should include little loud speaker. flip kart service was great. 
 Great Product...Extremely Smooth !!
First alfalfa .. Thanks to my good luck that I was successfully able to purchase Mi 4i on flipkart first flash sale. Second thanks to Flipkart which delivered it to me in 3-4 days in good packing. 
Now coming to the mobile . I would like to mention following below points: 
Pros:
1. Very Good product at a good price Rs12,999/- .
2. Good Battery.
3. Very Smooth and active response.
4. MIUI 6 Ver 6.5.3.0 is Awesome.
5. Light Weight.
6. Both front & Back Cameras are fast and good. 
Cons:
1. Not able to expand memory, (No SD Card Slot). 
 I have got this device 2 days ago. and i faced charging issue. like while device is powered off and plugged into charging it stucks at 40% for hours and does not continue charging and charging light switched off. I tried switch on device and then plugged it into charging again it stuck at 67%. this is a major issue which MI ha to resolved to maintain its quality... 
 Gud phone . ! 
gud battery backup 
gud camera
not a boom sound speakers .! but good one 
over all , a good phone at this price :))
the standard delivery was at May 7th and i got the phone 2day (i.e May 4th ) . So good Delivery and Packaging :)
Overall 4.7* 
 First of all thanks to Flipkart for delivering it within two days. Coming to Mi4i review, it was just amazing, stunning display, Camera was good enough, design was so awesome. performance was okay. 
overall mi4i is worth for 13k :) 
 Flipkart is the worst e-commerce website. Kindly dont buy anything from here. They will fool you. I am one of there victim. 
 Hi
I purchased Mi 4i, details are below
Date : 6 November, 2015 10:40 PM
Order No : OD204368515343333000
Amount : Rs 12999/-
Through : Flipkart
Supplier : WS Retails
Android Version : 5.0.2LRX22G
Miui Version : MIUI 6.5.5.0(KXIMICD)/ Stable
Baseband Version : MPSS.DPM.2.0a2eff87, MPSS.DPM.2.0a2eff87
Kernel Version : 3.10.49-perf-g7023b7a-00576-g0ab6729
Build Name : LRX225 
From the day I have purchased, I noticed that fully charged battery holds good only for 4 hours max 5 hours, please note except WHATSAPP and WECHAT, no other social apps are used like FACEBOOK , Twitter etc. 
No games at all.
Post purchase I was travelling for 10 days, before I could return the product, I went to the service station at Indiranagar, Bangalore only to be informed that I need to upgrade the battery. 
I fail to understand that if the battery is defective, you should be replacing the mobile. I informed the service person but he said no. How can you send a patch to upgrade a batter- I am shocked. I have heard of company releasing bug fixes in the set not in the battery 
Request you to please revert to the above so that I can take necessary step/action post hearing from your end 
Thanks 
DISSATISFIED CUSTOMER
Uday Chopda  
 I was using flipkart from 2011, in happy case everything is fine, but when there is a issue with any purchase then the actual color of flipkart comes into picture.
I ordered MI4i Grey colour device under diwali discount sale and received product on 16th Nov, I just turned it on... Touch screen not working. Unable to power off or set-up the phone. I called flipkart for return and replacement of product, They first told as i bought in discounted sale it is not possible to replace the product then later they told stock is not there and not possible to replace. My questions are  
1. If you are providing 30 days replacement warranty to the buyers why didn't you keep some devices to handle returns and replacements. Instead you sold all devices without keeping in mind that you need to provide replacement of device if any issues with the sold devices.
2. So this is intentional act " 30 days replacement" is just a gimmick as you never keep some back up to handle replacements.
3. But I saw in filpkart MI4I available with different colour, I asked them that I am OK if they replace different colour to me, but they denied. Will this happen in any retail shop in India? under warranty if exact colour device is not there any retail shop will provide different colour product with the same price. i have got HP printer and Gigabyte mother board replaced with upgraded products under warranty when the same model is not there. So what does this mean .... flipkart ? what is your replacement warranty exactly ?
4. when he denied to replace different colour MI4I, I got a doubt that he is selling Refurbished or defective products in discount sale like Diwali. Or else what's the point in not to replace with different colour phone of same type. In diwali the Phone price is 9999 now it is 12999 . So I am sure that he sold refurbished product under diwali sale that's why he is denying to replace with same MI4i. 
Flipkart, give proper information to customers when running discount sales like you wont replace the product if customer buy in discounted sale....... 
 Dear Sir, 
I have follow-up with you from last 15 days, you have not resolved my problem. You are waiting for expiry time of 30 return period. 
You have automatically rejected my return request without solving my problem. 
I am not new user for you I have brought 5 phone from you for last 2 years. 
I request to you please replace my phone immediately. 
Regards,
J.S.Mehta 
 Dear Sachin Bansal, Binny Bansal & So Called Customer Care (?) FlipKart Team, 
Order ID : OD104182073032105001
Order ID : OD404376776005558001 
Product : Mi4i 
This is not at all customer centric approach. I have already explained the entire situation over & over to all of your executives and floor managers. And Moreover I want to tell you this is the SECOND time the same thing happening with me. 
First of all, why do you provide exchange offers if you are not able to fulfill it. If it was the courier constraints, then that wasnt my problem and also I have told you repeatedly that the order was not cancelled from my end. If its cancelled due to courier constraints then its definitely and completely your fault for which I had to suffer for. And now on top of that you are saying I wont get the same deal for which I had spent time and put the order. 
Also as suggested by you, I again placed the order on 4th November, and this time I just got 1 call from the Courier guy whom I had specifically told to deliver the same to me on Monday (16th November) and again the order got cancelled. If I have paid my entire money before the products delivery then with whose permission is the order getting cancelled?????????? 
I am really not at all satisfied by the way you are handling the your customers. 
I am also listing down the inconveniences caused to me because of you services. 
1) First of all we wait for the Big Billion day Sale, so that I could utilize the benefits.
2) It was a gift for my wife which I was not able to make it.
3) The date given for delivery for 02 Nov 2015 that is a weekday and so it was supposed to get delivered on my office address.
4) I got a call from courier guy on Saturday, in which I feel the person himself was not intending to give me my courier. Even after telling him to contact me back on Monday he again made a call on Sunday, where literally the courier executive was forcing us to cancel the order. But same I said earlier, I did not tell him to cancel whereas asked him to deliver the same on Monday. Its my strong belief that the guy wasnt willing to give me the product, I dont know the reason. I want you to please listen to the recordings of the courier person done to me. I hope you keep a track of that.
5) Also, as the offer was available only on SBI ATM cards, I had borrowed the same from one of my distant relatives and after the order was placed I also paid him the money in cash, which now I dont know how to ask him back. 
6) I also ordered a Mobile case cover for MI4, which I have already received. I dont know what use it is now, I also want to return the cover.
7) Now after all of this, I again placed the order and am seriously very much dissatisfied in the way our orders are being handled.
8) And also, why every time my MI4 order is only being cancelled. With whose permissions are these orders being cancelled?????? If I have paid complete money for my product before its delivery, then without my permission how this products gets cancelled. Also I am worried as how come all orders gets cancelled at 11PM at night and not during the day time.
9) I have several others items in my list which also I wasnt able to take as I was out of town for Diwali vacations, then why these items did not get cancelled and only MI4 gets cancelled. I dont find all this user friendly. 
I would like to tell you, all the things or the solutions your executives are giving on the call are not that easy from a customer point of view.
I also had some emotions attached to the gift. I dont know whether flipkart is really concerned about its customer.
Also, please stop answering the queries in 24 hours clock system, as your customer care takes almost 23 hours to reply and that also is not of the customer benefit.   
 This product I booked and over 5 days still no update in delivery.
Its reached to my nearest hub 2 days ago but still it is not out for delivery.Product is good good but not good to buy through flipkart.it's really disppointed by flipkart. 
 Flipkart customer executive don't have rights to do anything. But ekart courier company having the rights to cancel the order. Customer raising the case but customer care don't care about it. 
 From day one I am facing the heating issue. It heats excessively, you'll feel like that your ear is on fire. It's design, UI and battery all are good but it heats sooo much that you can iron your shirt.  
I have contacted flipkart customer support for the return of product, but they tested the battery and said that phone is fine.  
Dear Mr Sachin Bansal, the phone heats excessively and I don't want a heater in my pocket all the time, I live in Mumbai not Ladakh.  
Mr Bansal please take back the phone and return my money so that I can purchase a better phone.  
Kindly do the needful.  
 IT is gud phone but only in papers.
so dont buy it.
I ordered it in sale, till date not received. so cancelling the order 
 I have purchased mi4i from flipkart in last month. I am facing many issues regularly. Issues are different with time. Every time I have to do switch off the phone and once factory reset done suggested by flipkart. Hence Please avoid to purchase this model. Flipkart also not supporting customers. Hence think before purchase mi4i. 
 i have placed order for mi 4i a week back and still it is showing that the product has not been packed yet 
 My got dead piece. A phone with no signal. When I registered the return request a guy called and whether I had injected some other form factor sim than micro. Am I dumb? How can we insert a big sim to that tray. Then asked whether I have already tried more than sim cards of different service provider. Unfortunately for him I have already tried that. Then he asked me to factory reset and try again(HE WAS ASKING ME TO FACTORY RESET A SET WHICH CAME TO ME FROM FACTORY. WILL FLIPKART CHANGE SETTINGS WHILE IN TRANSIT?). Still I agreed to do that. But instead of waiting for me to do it while on call or get confirmation from my side HE just rejected by return request. 
What should I do now? 
What ****ing service is this? 
This is what we can expect from flipkart. I think its time we go back to humans to buy things. They are dependable. The after sale service is guaranteed, right? 
 Too good phone in 9000 INR having much better features than Others. Also, good services and policies are being served by Flipcart.  
 FRIENDS I ORDERED MI4I MOBILE ON 18 June, 2015 AND ONCE I STARTED USING THE MOBILE IT WAS GETTING HEATED UP TOO MUCH SO THAT I M UNABLE TO KEEP THE PHONE OVER MY EAR AND SPEAK, IMMEDIATELY CALLED FLIPKART CUSTOMER CARE AND ASKED FOR REPLACEMENT. THEY REFUSED AS THEY SAID ITS NORMAL FOR A SMART PHONE TO GET HEATED UP UP TO 40 DEGREE. AS IT WAS NOT GETTING SOLVED I STRUGGLED WITH FLIP KART AND MANAGED TO RETURN THE PHONE ON 4 TH AUGUST, BUT TILL NOW I HAVEN'T RECEIVED THE RETURN / REFUND FOR PAST 3 MONTHS. SO FRIENDS BEWARE OF FLIPKART SERVICE AND DON'T GET CHEATED BY THEM 
 Looking and performance wise ok.But the problem is mobile is heating higly every time. when u speak 10 minutes and when u play any game or simply u put charging also it is heating. after updates also it was not rectified. 
 Dont trust flipkart on their 30 days return policy. they will do everything for not return their product. 
the screen is fluctuating on 3rd day, when i format my cell it continue fluctuating. and after some time it work fine again after 1 day it screen started fluctuating. when i initiated return from flipkart they told that phone is currently working fine. so no problem with phone 
 HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE FROM LAST 2 TIMES.
PLEASE FOR GOD SAKE READ EACH AND EVERY LINE BEFORE PLACING ORDER ONLINE OR YOU WILL LAND IN TROUBLE.
CONTACTS DISAPPEAR...DEVICE HEATS ON RESTORE...NO MEMORY CARD OPTION.!!
very unsatisfactory. 
 Tried reaching service center situated at malad for 2 days, they don't pick up the phone. Finally got in touch with Vashi service center. They said they dont keep spare parts and it will take 15-20 days for repair. This is ridiculous and not expected from product like MI 
 GOOD DEAL.....GOOD PRODUCT...PURCHASE WITH OUT FEAR......
I am very happy to received the product in wright time.received product with out any damage.working with out any problem till now 
 I bought the product on June 2015 got it replaced due to speaker problem. The replaced one now has a display problem. The display stopped working suddenly. Nothing can be done with the phone now. I now need to search for a service centre. If you are free and have lot time you can buy such phones and go behind service centres. 
I suggest users strongly not to buy the product. I have been a Fan of MI products but with the present experience learnt it the hard way. 
 As usual flip-kart delivery was on dot.Received on the 2nd of of ordering.. the phone look styling and less weight.display was wow! camera was good.... but all these sucks..The phone gets heated drastically even when u speak for 2 to 3 mins. believe that u will get a conscious that the phone going the bust in the ear.. pls dont go for this....i will be happy if i get my money back..........! this a small slim and sleekly micro oven.................i will be happy if flipkart give me option to change other phones... 
 I have purchased this mobile on june12, looks wise its nice and impressed..too.
coming to functioning 2nd i found Blue tooth connectivity issue, requested flipkart they have taken replacement request and delivered the new device.
next i found speaker issue raised concern to flipkart they told me to go service center to get approval but i fought with them i can not go its not my responsibility finally after long fight with different executives they have taken replacement of device.
i got new device with in 4days of request, but fortunately again i got the same speaker issue. requested customer officer and they did smart check app found issue and took the retun request.
finally i wasted 40days of my valuable time. and need to call every time executives which embarrassing us. 
 My experience wih Flipkart has downgraded a lot with my LAST (I mean it) shopping done on Flipkart for a mobile phone. Flipkart has pathetic return policy and worst customer service. 
Order ID - OD203370763893462300  
I placed the order few days back and it was delivered on 17-Jul. I started using the phone on 18-Jul and realized that the phone is overheating within 5 mins of normal usage, getting hanged ans sometimes not able to place the call. I called up your helpdesk on 19-Jul to get the return / refund initiated and I was told that the mobile phones can be returned / refunded and a technician would be checking it remotely. (Well, your return policy nowhere mentions about all this. You need to update it asap & stop fooling the customers). I was told that I will get a call at 4.30 pm on 20-Jul. I told the person that I wont be able to take any call till 5 pm and he can get it recheduled accordngly. His reply meant 'I dont care'. 
On 20-Jul, I got the call and I managed to pick it up but your technician on the other side was speaking to somebody else. I was yelling 'Hello, Hello' but he disconnected the phone. Pathetic bahaviour again. I got a SMS that I would get a call at 1.30 pm on 21-Jul. 
On 21-Jul, I got the call. The person introduced himself (as he was calling from Australia) and asked him abt the problem. When I explained the problem, he put himself on mute and then in few seconds, he unmuted and said 'Thanks. Bye'. This was very strange, pathetic and irritating. I got a SMS that I would get a call at 10.30 am on 22-Jul. 
I wrote an email to your customer care that I wont be able to pick up the call at this time on 22-Jul and his response was that your issue will be resolved by 10.30 am on 22-Jul. 
This is the worst piece of customer service I have seen. First of all, you are selling faulty products and on return requests, you are fooling the customers and irritating them. 
This is my LAST shopping experience with you. They say 'To grow any business, you need to retain your old customers' But FLiokart has become so proud of their popularity in India that they have stopped using the word 'Customer Service' and taken the attitude 'We dont care abt the customers' 
For my phone - As per the retun policy, Get the return processed, pick up the phone and refund the money. 
 I have purchased this phone from flipcart on 23 june 2015 got deliverd on 28 june 2015. But since day one mobile front camera is not working. even returne case register with flipcart .soclaimed by flipcart's buyer protection & 30 days returned policy it's all blunder & bluff. till today flipcart product specialist is trying to call but he don't have no to reache out to me.
it's sincer request don't by any Mi phones from flipcart as this people making us fool by delivering faulty phones to match target. then when u call them they will simply gives appology mails which they don't have towards customer. after 30 days they deniy all request & you need to go service center. about service center no need to tell after 10 15 visit they will accept it's faulty mobile then aske for approval for replacement that another 30-45 days.
all this just because of we fools put faith on frudus online shopping site called flipcart. 
 THE PHONE KEEPS ON HANGING WHEN RECEIVING THE CALLS. LOTS OF PROBLEM IN THE SOFTWARE. NOT WORTH EVEN TRYING. NO RETURNS, NO CUSTOMER HELP, THESE PEOPLE ARE MAKING US FOOL..... 
 it is hell disappointing to say that, phones like MI4i are very negligent about their quality checks. 
2 major issues:
1) its phones screen touch became numb and screentouch was not functioning at all unless restarted.
2) its front camera started showing a lot of noise and gradually screen became full blurr... i also have a screenshot of it 
Im very disappointed with this kind of product and i need an effective resolution or else it is gonna go on review on socal site facebook.
sorry ! 
 Beware of this Product. You'll end up wasting you money. It's a cheap chinese shit in a beautiful wrapper. No unboxing reviews can tell you the bugs and issues with the hardware and software as well. 
I am using this product for last 20 days. And am now fed up with all the issues. To name a few -
1. Heating issues even after two upgrades.
2. After second upgrade the battery drains within 12 hrs even if you just keep the phone on table, with all the application, wifi, internet off.
3. Proximity Sensor has a lot of issues.
4. Touch becomes unresponsible sometimes.
5. The extra features which the phone offers will cause only trouble to you. Like, when I disabled a feature to not dial accidently in pocket, it started behaving weird. Camera clicks several pics inside pocket.
6. You cannot set a pin for more than 4 digits. So no exchange server synching which asks for more than 4 digits password. It will keep asking for 6 digit pin but will not allow you to put more than 4 digits. 
And the list has so many other issues.  
Apart from this FLIPKART is very very very reluctant to get me a replacement. I keep on opening requests and they keep on telling me to reset the phone and close the ticket. And when I called them, at first they tried to convince me then they put me on Hold for ever. After that they stopped picking up my call. Worst service by flipkart, for even Worse Phone.  
So, if you purchase this phone you will end up banging your head to wall after spending 13k. BTW This phone can be used as frying pan to prepare omelet. But trust me you can get a cheaper and better frying pan on flipkart itself. 
 Its worst experience in my life that I bought this mobile from Flipkart. Once you buy any product from Flipkart, there is no option to return or exchange it. You have to be satisfy with product which is provided by Flipkart. 
Guys please don't buy any electronic product from Flipkart. I am not talking about product but Flipkart's return policy. 
 No customer care after sell, not believing? just call MI customer care and try to log a fake complain!! 
 I received a defective piece by flipkart. On placing order for return I experienced the worst ever customer service provided by any e commerce website.  
1st time i raised the order for return than without resolving the issue they automatically dissolved the complain saying the issue is resolved.  
On next day again I raised the complain to get it exchanged which was followed by a call from flipkart and they mentioned some troubleshooting steps to be taken. But without confirming if the product was working fine or not they again resolved the issue. 
This is just example of growing arrogance of flipkart customer care and are not at all considered about customer satisfaction. Very shameful on part of flipkart. 
 the touch is not working flipkart not ready to give replacement . 
 Mi 4i Mi 4i
Color: White Qty: 1
Rs. 12999
Delivered on Mon, 18th May'15 
Replacement (Return ID: 19444602) - REJECTEDView Return Details >
We're sorry. We are unable to process your replacement request. Reason : The issue has been resolved between you and the seller. Hence, there will be no replacement or refund. Please refer to flipkart return policy
Seller: WS Retail Date: Thu, 14th May'15
Order Total: Rs.12999 
 I purchased a Mi4i and its rear camera was blurred and Flipkart is not replacing the phone. I called its customer care more than 10 times and i wasted my 7-10 days for replacing but they are not attending me. I request you, not to buy any item from flipkart because its return policy is irritating me now and i am very disappointed. They are least bothered for the customers problem. 
 i bought mi4i from flipkart. it is a good phone.
but i suggest all the potential buyers don't buy any thing form flipkart.
flipkart has very worst return policy.
Really very bad really bad  
 Few days back i purchased Mi 4i from flipkart, after 2 days of using i faced software issue, i requested for new piece , they arraned a call with expert, once they called me, bcz of their network error call got disconnected, again i requested for a call with experts, they said expert will call you tomrrow evening, but i didn't get any call , insted of expert call i got a message from flipkart like "we apologise for not being able to get in touch with you, we will call you back by June 1st. 
Still how many days i have to wait for a call, do you people think i dont have any other work.  
 I got a defective piece which has an issue with mobile data connectivity. The mobile data works for only few minutes and then it will not work. I need to either restart the device or turn on or turn off the device so that the mobile data work for next few minuites. 
Also heating issue is present. 
Hoping for flipkart to replace this piece at the earliest.  
 Battery drains very fast, It doesnt look like 3000 mAH battery.
Phone temperature rises to 45 degree.Its hanging & heating too much.
Heating is unbearable on front & backside of phone, heat is generated near camera & earpiece.
Phone is lagging in normal application, Ringtone & Alarm volume is very low.
Ive also done bench marking, Results Found on phone are different than written on MI.COM website. 
antutu : 27984 instead of 40253
quadrant : 18148 instead of 25686
cf bench : 27442 instead of 57216 
And its really Crazy and Ironical that after a purchasing a new phone, you have install a 800 MB update (With your Own Money) to resolve the problems made by the manufacturer.and even these updates are not reliable, 
Then other two updates comes (more 50+40 MB) for rectification of the errors done by developer of the phone. Even that does not work. 
When you install XIOMI PC Suit it is entirely in Chinese language, that much conman sense is expected from mi that it must be released in english. 
Requested for return: 
1. First return request: the customer care person told to backup and reset the phone and cancelled the request.But it didn't work and problem persisted. 
2. Second request return : the customer care told to install smartcheck app and did some testing and told that my phone is working, and rejected the request.  
Again I have requested for the return.
Lets see....  
 Product Mi4i. Received a defective piece. Menu LED at bottom left not working. I raised the issue with customer care . They said a call shall be made by the technical team . Unfortunately , no call has been made and it has been two days since Flipkart is dragging the issue. 
On enquiring with customer care it was said that the system generated call could not be connected and an SMS and mail was sent intimating the same. I was ready before time for the call. I did not receive any call or mail or SMS.
There are other people on their page reporting similar issues as well w.r.t. processing of refund. So either there is a serious problem ?their systems or they are simply harassing the customers by wasting their time with lies.  
 This is a most pathetic phone I have ever seen. Calls get dropped after half a minute. gets heat up even if I'm not talking. Speakers are very bad. I am not able to hear even the ring tone. FM is also not working. Its camera doesn't work inside my house. 
PLEASE return my money back. 
 very bad service of flipkart for this product, i have tried for the replacement but the "engineers" are not approving. 
 If u open only one app like whatsapp or fb and if u get a call ur phone will start burning like hell with in 2 min .. if you ask for flip kart for replacement u will ask to get ur handset serviced ..if yours is new mobile y you want it to be service ? i have used lot of mobile but got to say this mobile is only hype and flipkart is worst online shooping mart as if you go for replacement or return they will give you only one standard copy paste answer...So if your planning to buy this mobile and no issue of using a mobile which gets heated so much (you can google search you will find lot of reviews of mobile heating ) then only go for this mobile else its just a hype dont go there are lot of good mobile and online shopping portals... 
 Dear friends 
i bought this mobile on first flash sale and this mobile started heating like anything ,please think twice before buying this mobile ,MI is cheating the customers by selling this cheap mobile with high SAR value as u know higher the SAR value causes Cancer even i faced lot of problems with in two weeks of time and requested flipkart for replacement and after fighting for 9 days flipkart replaced the mobile thanks to flipkart but after replacement also am facing the same problem with this mobile You cannot speak more than 10 min in this mobile .
So please those who have less usage of phone can buy, but for more usage this phone is not advisable so please think before buying and about the SAR value of this mobile you will not find any details in the internet and at the back side of mobile it is mentioned that 1.6 but as per rules value must be below 1,6 . 
 The phone getting very hot if I talk 5 minutes only.The battery temperature gone to 44.
Flipkart also not considering the user problems for replacing the item.I am facing the worst customer service from flipkart also.My advice is don't buy any mobile from flipkart. 
 Guys , Bought this Heater during may 14 flash sale . Handset touch response is totally poor , Heating issues. flipkart is sending defective phones . If u ask for a replacement - no response from the customer service and no actions taken till now. Do no Buy from flipkart . Dont waste your hard earned money . 30 day replacement guarantee , flipkart guarantee is a fake. This phone deserves 0 rating and flipkart deserves negative rating . 
 my second worst experience with Flipkart. The Mobile I call Mi4 i. Gets heated to fast that it hurts while holding as well as on ears. Can Imagine the Degree of heat not less than 48....  
Flipkart and the product company smartly pays for the good Review but restrict the genuine critics and bad reviews to avoid their sales effect ...... 
No solution provided until now. Incident: 150516-039344] 
 This is the third time i am facing this problem which is, after confirmation and payment being done, they have totally cancelled the order without even consulting the buyer. And the process of booking Mi4i is again you know!!!! so what in the name serving customer flipkart is harassing the customer. When contacted the customer care, they say that nothing can be done, I have to again go through the long process of registering and waiting to get book which i have already done twice... So is this the way to treat a customer FLIPKART????? 
PS. i have faced the same problem in two other orders earlier! 
 Surprised that Phone supporting 4G is not supporting 3G network Video calling.
I use it extensively to talk to my parents for direct Video call over 3G. 
Raised the return request. 
No Video Calling Over 3G and they say they support 3G? 
That's clearly a wrong description. As per policy They must take back the phone.  
Also audio quality is so so.
Speaker Volume is low too, while playing video speaker volume is almost low, as not audible.   
 Dear All, 
I have bought this mobile in first flash sales and I was thinking I am lucky to get the mobile, but after a weeks use I realize it was my worst choice. 
Within a week Back button, Home buttons have stopped working and to add to my misery when I contacted Mi Customer Care the person talked to me for some time and cut the call without finishing it.  
I never expected such a bad service from Mi. 
 I made request of defected phone on 7th of may-15 and today its 19th of may-15 and flipkart is saying please wait for some time we will replace your phone as i have purchased new phone from market and now i don,t need replacement i need my money back else i will take legal action against you.   
 This review is not about Mi4i ( which NO Doubt is a wonderful phone) but it is about the Seller/Retailer/Supplier of Mi4i. 
Dear Flipkart...During the flash sales the customer is actually Wasting a LOT of his time in booking the phone.. i have booked Mi4i twice now. 
Even after the successful payment of Rs.12999/- i receive an email on the 5th day of the booking, stating that my order has been cancelled due to unavailability of the courier service to deliver at my address. 
The Customer Care Executives were of NO HELP!!!
They could not tell the actual reason of the cancellation of my order.
All they could say was that the courier service company does not deliver at the given PinCode.( 248001, 249199)  
NOTE: 248001 is the state capital of Uttarakhand !!! 
Actually..Flipkart ( WS Retail) has earlier delivered a number of my orders at these PinCodes [ Lenovo A6000, Redmi 1S etc].. but all of a sudden they choose to cancel my Order without giving me an option to change the delivery address. 
All this incident has been a BITTER experience for me and if such a thing continues, FLIPKART's reputation would not last long. 
 I received Mi 4i on 3rd may five days before the promised date
Initial impression was very good but after using the phone for some time I was unable to use it because of the heat problem
After the phone gets heat up performance drops drastically
antuntu test result was shocking it got 21k far below the promised 40k+
very disappointed with the product and after sales service of the flipkart  
 I am a big geek and a tech follower. I have been using mi 3 as my primary device and I am fully satisfied with it. I bought this device and I just want to quickly sum up all the pros and cons and how the device has evolved since it was launched.  
Pros: The design is just stunning and it never feels like a 13k phone. The display is just gorgeous. The phone fits perfectly and has a pretty sturdy grip. The back camera is pretty decent. The underdog here is the front camera. The front camera is simply magnificent and has correct exposure levels and is very less noisy compared to other devices. MIUI 6 runs well on lollipop and has a greater RAM optimisation compared to other Xiaomi devices. 
Cons: The only problem I feel is the storage option with available memory of around 10 GB. As many reviewed, the phone really was laggy and had heating issues. Xiaomi has to be given credit here because they have managed to improve device's performance by providing regular updates. After many OTAs the heating has been resolved and there are no lags whatsoever. The device can now runs hardcore apps and games with ease and without heating. Sure it doesn't perform as good as a snapdragon 800 but there is nothing more to ask for at such a minimal price. The sound was not loud at first but evolved over time. Currently, its pretty loud. 
Verdict: This is a great device and a sure sure winner. It a good deal specially when compared to other phones out there. The display is worth crying for and the software support from Xiaomi's side is great. 
 I received it on 2 May 2015. Looking sleek & light. Os is simple & colorful. Perfect size to handle. I will come back with full review in couple of days. 
 This Phone have So Many Problems - HANGING PROBLEM, CHEAP HARDWARE Install ,ON/OFF PROBLEM ,Games Not Working Properly and Too Many . I have receieved this Product after using this product 2nd Day the Problem Starts specially Hanging Problem .Please I want to Return My Phone as Soon as Possible and Refund My Money . 
 1 thing which is biggest issue , phone is getting heat up to much even not in duration of call. It get hot that much of level i can't carry in my pocket also. i have to take it out. with this Problem you can't even touch the screen on cheek to make a call.
rear Camera is good but front camera quality is not impressive as pixels are getting faded when zoom on image. 
After installing Above 500MB game, phone stop working and shutdown automatically and then boot-up.
No Headphone comes with phone box and Flipkart confirmed that MI is not giving headphone / earpiece with phone. We have to buy separately which causes extra money need to pay at outside.
Now looking from flipkart side to return my phone. I dont want it. 
 Hi Guys,  
I received this device yesterday, and I was very disappointed with the performance. Device is getting heated up so quickly while making calls and playing low end games such as Candy Crush for 10 mins. 
This device is not for worth 13K 
 I got the product today. But after update phone has heating issue. its like hot cake!! Am thinking to return it. But other aspects is very good. 
 + points:
1. Light in weight.
2.Battery life is good.
3.Full HD, 1920 x 1080 Pixels is perfect.
4.Camera clarity is awesome and magic focus option is awesome.
5.Fast delivery flipkart made good impression.
6.Phone size is handy.
7.Good performance.
8.GPS more accurate. 
- points
1.Heating issues.
2.White color back panel made cheap plastic look.
3.Speakers located on back panel is not good.
4.After market service totally failure.
5.No accessories available with phone except charger. 
Conclusion: worth to buy - design and quality is good. 
 1) Phone gets heated up iron box, this phone can be used for ironing your clothes not for calls.
2) Current is getting passed from the round metallic plate which surrounds the camera when I keep the mobile for charging.
3) Back camera is the worst part, not even equal to 5MP.
4) I have tried plugging in to different switch port but then current gets passed from metallic plate of camera its very bad.
5) Totally its a worst mobile, 
Flipkart I just want my money back, no replacement.
Very poor response from flip kart customer care 
 Recently, I brought Mi4i Mobile phone, while using this phone, I came across no. of lacunae like low user memory, heating while charging the battery / playing / accessing any applications / pgms, no earphones, no memory slots etc. 
I am a govt. servant and finding very difficult to use this phone with no. of lacunae.
I wish to return the phone & want my money refunded back to me.   
 i got this mobile today.
mobile features are great at this price but one major problem i see is that this mobile gets heated very quickly if charging or using apps for a longer time.
heating problem is big issue for me.
I will explore this mobile for next few days and provide review again. 
 I regret buying this phone. This phone has over heating problem despite multiple firmware upgrades. Battery life is hopeless does not last a day. Now it not charging. Servicing center is asking for paid repair despite the phone being on warranty. Phone is with the service center for past 10 days expecting for the parts to arrive. 
I would suggest please invest wisely and do not go by the specs. Only good thing I liked about the phone is the display. 
 used for just 5 min and its temp bump to 42 degree and phone hangs so much that can't even make calls 
 good one. i find the phone working fine. thank you flipkart for quick delivery................................................................................................ 
 i am writing his review after 4 months of usage...  
i must say i am very much impressed by this Chinese beauty..the battery is amazing its last a full 24 hours , and that too on heavy usage except games.. speaking of which i have seen some idiots about the phone getting hot after some time of gaming.. guys mobiles are not meant for gaming,its like using a rat instead of a horse ... the temperatures remains fine if you us this mobile as a mobile and not a freaking gaming device
the built quality of this device is top notch.. i have had a few careless bumbs on hard concrete.. the sides have been scratched but no issues wish the mobile..
the best part of this mobile is its display.. really awesom with great colour reproduction ..even in bright sunlight ..
the only probleam to be frank i faced with This hand set was..the audio out put is really bad ... bad as in a freaking 4 k phone has a better out put.. you really cant here the rring tone if you are in an crowed area,,, and friends there is no solution for this either
Common Xiome you really can do better than this... 
so in a nut sheell if you are OK with the low audio, and if your not an idiot who uses his mobile for hardcore gaming then u should go ahead for this chinese Marvel 
 It is an ordinary phone with ordinary features and i haven't found anything extraordinary as people have been talking/ reviewing at various websites. Battery lasts within 12 - 13 hours even at normal usage (without playing games). Camera picture quality is just ok and can't be compared with what a Samsung/ Apple produces. Despite of a 02 GB RAM applications take time and internet speed goes slow in this phone. I put the same 3G sim in other phones and internet speed is so fabulous but this phone makes internet connection go slow though i keep updating software. 
i would rate this phone as 02 at a scale of 5 with the kind of 13k price we pay and the kind of quality Xiomi Mi 4i produces. Go for Brands like Samsung, Motorola, Panasonic - They have better quality products within the same price range and brand feel is good. 
 This phone is not good. And I felt it would work very well. But, it doesn't reach my expectation. Whenever I use skype video call it will hangout just after a minute. Battery life is also not good. 
 we can use as a substitute of a body warmer in winter season. I don't want to recommend such type of stupid device. It may be damaged your ear. So friend be aware of such type of device. 
 features are too good ... but you wont be able to use it as the phone heats up .. cannot even continue on a call for more than a minute ... redmi 2 is a better option cheap and best 
 All Feature are good & excellent Quality Used for overall Handset.  
Following Disappointing Factors are
1. Camera is Not of Good Quality & not much Options for enhanced Features (Sony/Samsung is marketing gimmick)
2. HDR On provides not very good Pics & Hence Not much to say
3. Could have provided expandable Memory for such cost & Profiled Phone.
4. Heating is also The issue when using video & games which effects the camera performance. 
 So after mi3 i thought of upgrading to mi4i.
Well i was disappointed after a few days of usage for the following reasons!
1.It lags a lot no matter what mode its on it will lag and you will hate it.
2.It Hang a lot and apps like facebook crash constantly and its irritating.
3.Overall the product quality is not upto the mark there is small space at the bottom of the screen from where you can see the light coming the insides of the handset !
4.Plastic is cheap.
5.No support for regional laguages ! 
 Even after all the updates, it still is the shittiest phone I've ever purchased.  
Shittiest phone ever. Ever since it's purchase had to format the phone 5 times. 
Sometimes you will not be able to access the settings, if you try to it just hangs the phone till it overheats.  
Cannot change Wifi networks/settings, it hangs the phone.  
Everyday, twice or thrice it manages to create 10 Gb of trash, no idea from where it generates so much. Once the trash fills up my phone memory, it's just a dummy phone till you go and delete all the trash manually.  
The only app that I use are: Whatsapp, flipkart, PayTM and HDFC mobile app. Still it can't handle the load.  
I hope I can return this piece.  
Will give it 2 stars for it's camera. 
 xiomi's all phn battery backup is not good nd even customr service is also so bad,workers are very irresponsible nd always trying to make money by different sources..i request you not to buy xiomi's phones otherwise you will be responsible for your problems. 
 I have following problems and Flipkart is denied to provide new piece:
1. Sharp valume button in the edges. Children may get hurt.
2. 3G and 4G is very slow and loosing connection intermittently. (I tried to change SIM card two times, as I thought it may be SIM card issue. But later learned that, same SIM card is working perfectly in other mobiles).
3. Since 3G is very slow, TrueCaller and Cisco Webex applications are not working.
4. WhatsApp application sending videos in corrupted format. Others cannot see video correctly(not sure, if its a Mi issue or WhatsApp issue or camera issue). 
Thumps down 
 The Phone is not good 
All Cons no Pros 
Too much Heating
no External Memory
not a Flagship phone 
looks are good but performance is the worst 
 One of the worst mobile phone ever i have seen in my life.
Please do not spent money on this product.
Heating Issue from first day of purchase. 
 I bought it from Flipkart (flash sale). This phone makes tall claims but delivers very poorly. I played candy crush on it for 10 mins and the temperature shot up to 77 degrees!! At one point I thought it will burn. MIUI is horribly slow when switching between apps. Complete disappointment. Please keep away from it. 
 I have bought MI 4i from flipkart, the mobile was not as per expectations and 30 days replacement warranty of WS retail is also fake they refused my request the mobile was costed for Rs 12999 and it does not have external memory slot and internal memory is only 16 GB . I am feeling cheated , some one please suggest me some ways to resolve this.Even they did not provide any screen guard with the mobile which they used to provide with other MI Mobiles.This is totally useless product any one can go with other mobiles like ASUS Zenfone 2 which have same features and expandable memory upto 64 GB. 
 I expected good quality,and got something much better.
the 13 MP camera on the phone is something to appreciate,as 13MP digital cameras,dont perform as much as this,and i personally loved the Magic Focus,and HDR recording for full HD recording.
Performance-this is one factor it didnt compromise,the 1.7GHz octa-core packs a punch,no wonder Benchmarkings cross high standards.(However,through prolonged usage the area around the back-camera-where the processor is located,will heat up,but its nothing compared to other similar devices i hv used.
Phone offers lot more features than other phones of same price-only drawback is Mem card cant be used.(16GB internal is quite enough.)Cleaning and security apps comes with the phone (powered by CM),and phone is highly customisable-you could play around with the customisation for days!.and this is the best part of the phone i would say.
Exterior and casing is of good standard quality.
speaker playback-requires more bass-effect(speaker playback is loud but comparitvely Sony phones audio playback has more clarity and effect.)
Full HD screen!-and that sets it apart from other phones of the same class. 
Overall-This phone could be actually sold for 18,000+and it could still compete with its rivals,13,000 is quite a buy indeed. 
 Excellent , Mind blowing , Superb phone with many features pre installed in it with -
+ Battery
+ Camera(front n rear)
+ UI
+ SCREEN :}
+ NO LAGS 
 major problem with the mobile 
1.heats up a lot and gets hanged and doesnt even respond 
2.very low sound
3.UI CRASHING 
4.after opening camera heat will be more
5.moderate battery backup
6.tends to heatup even at charging
7.its a 2gb ram and showing only 500mb free all the times 
please dont even think of buying this mobile im suffering a lot after using it  
 Specs wise the phone is really nice. Using the phone for past one month. 
1. Battery seems fine even in dual sim active, but phone is slight laggy always.
2. Good Camera, but low light pictures are worse, once you copy to computer you can see completely blurred and grains.
2. No accessories other than charger inside the box (Not even screen guard).
3. Automatically rejecting/muting the incoming calls at times, so you will not get the notification of that call. Every-time, you have to check the call register to check if there is any missed calls. It will be written "Rejected", even-though you dint do it.
4. Once you connect to WiFi, may things will be downloaded even if you turn off automatic updates and downloads. It will be written in Chinese language, so you wont understand it. 
5. All your history, logs, activities are passing to MI, which is not at all good without the permission.
6. My phone got restarted several times, even at times charging.
7. Good display, touch is not the perfect and having many flaws. (play "Tap the frog" or any similar games, then you will understand the touch sensitivy n responses), but normal using you will not get the touch prob in notice. 
8. Writing whatsapp msgs is very slow compared to other low range phone.
9. The major issue is, the phone at times start apps, or take menu options, if we touch it with headphones wire once it is connected. So touch never requires just our fingers, so if we keep the phone in pocket, be sure that "Pocket mode" is active, or it will start functioning when it comes in contact with our leg, even though its in pocket.
10. And finally, (dont think as last prob, there are many more..), This is "Frying Pan", no matter you use internet or wifi or anything. Once you make a call, within 3-4 mins the head piece will make you stop the call.. Ya, it will help you to reduce the phone bill, :-P But not at all healthy device. 
So, I really suggest you all not to take this phone having a great wish in mind for the High specs and Full HD display, like I did... Better go for good brands, who having proper service center and a company who gonna treat their customers as King. 
See, once your phone is faulty (Chinese phones like MI, and all other phones you buying in pre-booking dhamaka sale), WS Retail or flip kart (Flipkart is WS Retail. This website is just acting as their window to customers and to avoid the legal problems) is not going to give you a replacement. Please look the Honor 4x reviews (1 stars)...  
WS Retails(flipkart) is best seller in all items imported and indian, but in phones, they are just cleaning out our pocket in few second with the name of Pre-booking sale. 
Hope, this review will be displayed.. :) Just for that giving 5*****. Real Rating is 2/5. Since its not giving the primary use of phone "to make call and talk"  
 There are issues in MI4 i : 
1 - Major Issue Heating
2 - OS Issue - "Error" - " unfortunately incallui has stopped"
3 - OS Issue - "Error" - "unfortunately android.process.acore has stopped"
4 - When make / received call and if the caller is put on speaker mode the other caller will not hear your voice. 
3 times wipe out cache and wipe all is done but problem remains the same. 
I called up MI Service center in bangalore they suggested me to contact Flipkart for replacement I did but flipkart wanted me to first go to local service center bring job work sheet and then they will replace this 10 days old mobile. 
Service Pathetic , My recommendation Avoid MI4 i. 
I am MI fan but not happy with the product Seriously. 
Regards 
Anil Kumar Dogra  
 Flipkart delivery - ordered on friday. received on tuesday. However even after one week of order received, flipkart still showed product under transit. After e-mail received invoice. 
MI4i - First Xiamoi phone...China maal....NO REGRET....review after 18 days
Everything is at par according to phone specification in Rs12999/-.  
Battery backup - last for more than 24 hrs (considering office goers, it may be less for college students).Charging very fast.  
Camera - Ulitmate photos in good lighting/day light. In low light visible noise. (AUTO settings). Front camera is also good. Beautify feature make it superb. However i feel too closeup photos are stretched in vertical and compressed in horizontal (not checked after installation of latest MIUI6.5.5.0 update).  
MIUI - Fantastic. UPDATE IT. IT WILL SOLVE MANY PROBLEMS. First update is approx. 900MB. Second update (6.5.5.0, MUST) specially for overheating issue. 
Display - once you own this phone, you forget any other branded phone in terms of display.Works very well in direct sunlight. Superb!!!! 
Calls - with call recorder facility!!! no need to install special app for it. Call quality v good. speaker is not upto the mark or its better to say POOR. Its better to put phone on vibrate mode. In noisy environment or watching TV you definitely miss your call.  
Video player - Good. with option of brightness adjustment. No option to play next video.You have to close it and select other file.  
Performance - By default i use it in balance mode. NO COMPLAINT. Works very well. On data transfer (approx. 1 GB) thru OTG cable to pen drive, phone hang completely. hope this issue will solve in next update. This issue need to be resolve due to limited internal memory.Only approx. 850 ~ 900MB RAM available for user but it is still works fantastic.  
Gaming - thanks to its 441 pixel density display. Asphalt 8 works fantastic. No as such impact on battery life.  
General - Good options to lock individual app lock (in privacy setting). Inbuilt app lock work only when you unlock phone. Once phone unlock and app open then it remains open till phone lock. guest mode is classic. 
Inbuilt applock - There should be option to lock wifi, bluetooth, mobile data, specialy SETTINGS itself like 'APPLOCK' app.
Guest Mode - There should be option to choose app to open for guest. At present limited by default data hide.  
Most important OVERHEATING ISSUE - 
Without first update, Mi4i is another name of fry pan. Within short duration of call, specially camera use it heated suddenly.
After first update, this issue resolved 50%. it means if battery charged more than 50-40%. you will not feel sudden heat on call/camera use. however, after it during call it start heating within couple of minutes.
After second update, specially for this overheating issue, now NO ISSUE OF OVERHEATING......  
Overall - 4 star phone (1 star less for Xiaomi's phone testing team for overheating issue, In India every smartphone user does not have wifi connection for such huge first update) with 1 extra star for its price = 5 star phone. This is just because at present no phone in the market with such specification under such price.  
In another way you have to spend another 400/- ~ 600/- (depend upon your wifi internet provider) for approx. 1.2GB update.
approx. 300 for screen guard and back cover (must).  
Received message from Mi for free screen protector directly. Still waiting for it.  
I am also planning to buy another Xiaomi phone - Redmi2. 
 While the specs maybe great for this price, the hardware is appaling.  
The mi4i phone has a serious heating issue. The phone just heats up within 2-3 minutes of normal use. I am afraid of keeping the phone in my pant pockets fearing that the phone may explode if used for a considerable amount of time. Flipkart's call centres have been awful. They have rejected my return requests and aint helping me in resolving the issue through their smartcheck app. Avoid. Looks like just another Chinese phone. 
 First Impression is Good< Things go Bad when you start using> 
HEATING LIKE IRON 
FRONT CAMERA HAS A ISSUE PICTURES NOT BLUR IN ANY LIGHTS  
FILPKART PLRASE TAKE THIS PHONE BACK AND RETURN MY MONEY. 
 After a long waiting, reading lots of reviews, using the one which my friend got in first flash sale, finally i am able to get the one in 2nd flash sale. Feeling happy to see one day before delivery. Thanks FK. 
Before writing the reveiw, I wanted to tell you the phones I have used prior to this one.
1) Sony Xperia S
2) XOLO Q800
3) Redmi 1S
4) MotoG
5) Mi-3 
Now coming to review part of Mi4:
Pros:
1) Crispy display with more ppi.
2) Good finishing and sexy look
3) Clear sound
4) No lagging while playing heavy games like asphalt 8
5) I am able to download through play store in 4/5 mpbs, youtube videos in 7/8 mbps (basically it is based on your internet connection)
6) Battery backup (i am getting almost more than a day which i have not seen in others) 
Cons:
1) No headphone (please do something Mi. Really this is very boring to have a cell without cellphone) Till now I am using my lovely and pyara sony headphone. Coz i can not compromise on music quality. So please send a good Mi headphones.
2) Not expandable memory. Minimum should be 32gb till date. People are watching videos, listening music playing games. Please think of this point xioami.
3) Right side volume up key - Not liking to have that feeling while touching these buttons. Roughy touch sense. 
4) Heating: But ok. As per the energy theory this is ok. Not hazardous. 
Hope this review will help a lot to new buyer. Signing off.  
Thanks
Ganeswar  
 Phone is handy, compact looks good...but has heating problem while multitasking..
It gets heated near camera and sometimes become too hot.
Its not support the encrypted mail of corporate mail but other branded andriod 5 device support it.   
 Mi 4i is generating lot of heat problem, camera is not working Every time it prompts could not connect camera, try to restart the device. It is really waste of time. Touch is very slow.
I have redmi2 without any issue, but mi 4i is having lot of problems. 
Customer support is not good in handling user problems correctly. I raised a concern on date 9th and till date i fell very bad. Every day i call filpkart cusotmer care and ask the update, simply says our technical team is very busy they will contact you soon. please be patient. once the 30days is completed they say you have exceeded the policy and simly skip the cusomer issue.  
 Received the Mi4i yesterday. The cell tends to heat up quickly. Camera does not work. This partucularly heppened after the update from MI got installed on the cell. 
 if you compare mi 4i with i phone it's type joke.I try for return but not possible as per flipkart return policy.If any want contact me. 0 star 
 Xiaomi's "Mi 4i"- I was impressed with the specifications and price as soon as it got announced. I've been using it from last 3-4 days and satisfied with what I've paid for. Initially thought of opting for Zenfone 2 but finally made a choice to buy this.  
AND regarding the HEATING issue mentioned by many users (main reason why I thougtht of Zenfone initially), it's just the matter of that 800 MB update. After the update I never felt the heating issue. So before using the phone applying the latest update is highly recommended. 
Pros:
1. Latest specs and uncompetitive price
2. Display is ultimate 
3. Camera is good enough - still have to explore more on this area
4. Fast browsing over Wi-Fi - I liked it personally.
5. Light weight - I liked this too
6. Ample themes available for display beautification if logged into Mi account
7. Call clarity is very good. 
Cons:
1. Look and feel of the mobile is not so graceful as expected. Especially back of the phone is just like something covered with white plastic case. Its predecessor "Mi 3" almost of same size had more attractive look with glossy back finish. Could've provided similar finishing for this too. PROBABLY also due to the White color back, so other colors which may be available in future may look better in this area.
2. Felt a bit LAG here and there - Not sure if Mi releases some patch for this.
3. Lack of expandable Memory slot - But as per the official MI statement, not having SD card slot is an acceptable reason- as it supports OTG
4. RAM - out of 2 GB. It always shows available RAM less than 1 GB even when no other apps were installed - so this can be an issue for hard usage? -- Personally disappointed here
5. Lack of accessories - alteast back cover and screen protector could've provided - if not free of cost atleast on paying few more bucks  
After all comparisons made, still Mi 4i scores better compared to the specifications and Price. Hope the review is useful. 
Giving 4 Stars - due to less RAM availability and that little lagging  
 The best that i liked the most about Mi 4i:
1. Its slim look : very easy to handle & use.
2. Amazing 13MP camera: I liked auto focusing feature the most.
3. Battery Backup: Can stay more than 24HRS as per average usage (2g net for 7-8HRS)
4. Remaining 2GB ram all bla bla bla things are advantage. 
Disadvatanges:
1. Heating issues but it can be tolerated as it happens with every android phones.
2. NO headset, NO screen guard , NO Back cover-->(Xiomi Saved a lot on accessories)
 Yaar If you are selling a Underwear why don't you sell a Trousers. I have to search in market for back cover/ Flip cover n still i am not getting it. 
Mr Flipkart.com pls be noted when you launch a new phone kindly arrange accessories like cover/screen-guard & all which are not readily available in market.  
Dear All Don't hesitate you can go for this phone its awesome. 
 got it in the second flash sale.delivered in 2 days.this is the better one in the price range.sound is perfectly ok. camera is also ok.battery back up is also nyc.. 
 First the service given by the flipkart is great and the mobile is too good since from last 4 days I am using Mi4i there is no issue with Heating its happen only at updating the mobile at first about the camera good quality and over all 5 Star for this Mobile. 
Why they have not provided the Headset??????? 
 The Specs are good but when comparing to Yureka .Mi 4i could have delivered more . 
1. Battery backup is not good .
2. No expandable storage available .
3. Inbuilt battery so if battery is gone then phone becomes unusable . 
Overall good but not so powerful as it was said . 
 flipkart and MI shown our site processer is octa core max 1.7 GHz but part provide only octa core 1.6.
I have 2 time replacement my phone but flipkart provide same part
I advised plz do not buy this phone 
 I ordered the phone on the 1st day it was launched with great excitement. Only the first day of usage was good to experience. It heats up quickly even when watching videos. Automatically rebooted often, but now seems to have reduced. After every reboot the wall paper size/orientation changes, so need to resize or set the wallpaper newly. Any app crashes itself. Whatsapp could not recognize any of my phone contacts (After reinstalling a couple of times the issue resolved, but the issue randomly appeared today. So reinstalled whatsapp and again fixed the issue. Its hell worse) OS itself consumes 1.2 GB of RAM approx., but however doesnot hang when browsing, downloading or playing high-end graphic games. Abruptly the display goes blank (black), need to wait a few seconds to allow recover itself. Only good entities I found are the battery backup and the camera resolution. I would definitely suggest you NOT TO BUY this product. 
 Heating problem near the ear phone.Very low speaker volume.
Very good camera, both front and back.Excellent touch and interface.Battery life hardly one day! 
 best phone in this range. superb display and easy to use, fit in hands. believe me heating reviews are fake. on first reboot i hv used it continuously 2 hrs but i hv not feel any heat. performance is very good. ISLIYE SOCHO MAT BAS KHARID LO.
TOTALY WORTH OF MONEY. 
 this is bad news for Mi customers that mi 4i gets heated alot during charging and even heated during long telephonic conversation. so please dont buy this phone. 
 not worth buying.
heats using only browser
mobile data connectivity problem
everything else is good but heating is a big issue mi should work on heating problem 
i bought redmi 1s last year it has less heating problem but less than this one (mi4i).
not satisfied with the mi4i .
want to return it not replace 
 Can Mi clear this???????? Any user who own this phone also ans me after check your device. And also 1 question: There is no color choice right now. Company selling only white phone. I dont like it. I wish color is blue. 
 What the hell the designed the back cover such a cheap plastic box??? it's noisy when vibrating mode, and side volume & power buttons are sharp edges and irritating while using it, and these buttons are not smooth functioning . 
And, again HEATER , it's heating heating always. 
All other features are not bad. 
 i have purchases mi4i , nice phone nice touch nice camera, nice processor, but ear plug is not in the box . is there anyone purchases this ph. than tell me about this 
 Very good phone but problem is that there is no excess slot for memory card .Sound quality good, no leging,picture quality is also good. that is 13 mega pixel 
 May 03, 2015 is when i received the phone I loved the form Factor .. the camera nice... was used for only 1/2 and hour when suddenly out of blue i thought why not use it with the dual microsim. after insertion of the sim I got blue screen of death. nothing worked ... charged it tried to use activate it with my lappy no use... My phone was a dead phone within less than 2 hours of usage.. 
 Thanks to Flipkart for timely delivery..
Packaging was very good.. 
Now coming to the product..
It is truly a flagship phone from XIAOMI..
Dont believe in those heating hoaxes...
Go for it... 
 MI4I is great in terms of specifications and great performance ..no lag no slowness display is awesome 441 ppi great. camera is nice and zooming quality also nice.
battery backup is very good compare to another phone in this price segment and yes quick charging is very nice .yaa getting warm while using wifi or 3g internet and direct sunlight .....  
if u compromise in heating issue ...this phone is great buy. 
go for it guys ... 
highly recommended :) 
 Its been almost an year ,heating issue has drastically improved ,it works flawlessly ,I am more than happy with the product ,still a great buy even today .xiomi keeps the price low by only online mode &less advertising. Still a great brand ,??flipkart 
 Pros - Great Look 
 Battery 
 Strong Network  
Cons - Camera - 7/10
 No Memory Card Slot
 battery Inbuilt 
 At this price display is awesome ....all people wrote a review that phone has a heating problem but i think all are wrong....only problem is that phone does not support GUJARATI LANGUAGE....so we can not see gujarati whatsapp msgs and any gujarati website on internet and also in facebook...... 
 Power button and the volume button of the phone is of very low build quality. Dont know about other things , but battery also looks it is of 1500 mah 
Camera is Decent . and MIUI 6 is really complex. not very easy to understand for a standard user. 
 I could have given zero star but that option is not available..
Flipkart delivered product before time..and asked for return within two hours of use.. 
Cons-
1) Display is Full HD and looks good in shadow/in home but when I went out side to see in bright sunlight I observed grid of white colour shiny dots equally spaced over screen (approx 5mm distance between every white shiny spot). This is more clear visible when screen is off. Look very bad and shows the quality of product (Chinese)
2) Ringer volume is not clear and not audible in more crowd area. Definitely you will miss the calls.. 
3) Speaker quality is not up to the mark. Its not loud and clear
4)Ferrari without seat to seat--I have uploaded around 20 (max 40 mb size)apps to see the performance of mobile before that I have updated mobile software (800 mb size) and found only 5 gb space available. I was surprise after seeing this..
5) width of buttons bellow screen (Home back etc) is very less.There are chances to touch the screen since width is very less..I think it is not designed considering human finger size..
6) Sharp edges on volume and power button. 
I have informed to flipkart for return of the product asap.... 
So guys please think 100 times before buying this Chinese phone... 
 Mi4i: Mobile with best hardware specifications below 15000
Moto G3: Mobile with medium hardware specs and Best softare reliabilty within 15000. 
1. User Experience: Apart from all the talks about number/specification gimmicks, user satisfaction/in-hand experience is more important. Moto G3 is clear winner(9/10). Mi4i is good but cannot beat G3. 
2. Battery: Even though Moto has less numbers(2470maH) is lasts as long as Mi4i.  
3. Camera: Moto G3 is better in rear camera. But for selfie Mi4i is clear winner. So it is a tie. 
4. Lags: Moto G3 will defeat Mi4i any day. Problem with Xiaomi device is that they do update MIUI but they never unpdate Android version. Please never buy a device which never updates Android and only update its own skin. Moto G3 is clear winner. 
5. Sound: Both have good sound quality. But Moto G3 is better. 
6. Durability: Moto G3 will be more durable due to its good build design and water resistance.  
All those who are buying the device between 10000 and 15000 please go for Moto G3. Now it may sound 2-3 K costly but in the long run it will save your money. You can use moto g3 for next 2 years without any glitch as it will receive all the android software updates. An android device without future software updates is like a dead wood. 
 MI4i is just a fake, nothing is standard, if u compare it with LG/motorola/nokia/samsung even micromax....its horrible. battery 3120 mAh... much worse than 1500mAh. 13mp camera !!! worse than 5mp of nokia. my xperia m is much faster than this 1.7Ghz. total waste of money.hangs from the first day !!!!! lumia 730 is much much better or moto g2 in this range.
and flipkart !!!! after delivery they will do nothng for any kind of problem. they will ask for this and that, but never will take the responsibilities after delivery. 
 recently purchase this phone on 27th May, having multiple issues :-
1) Heating problem in upper and lower part.
2) Play Store not working, when you download around 10 MB apps shown downloading time around 2 hours.
3) It has re-starting problem. 
I request to refund this product, if not refunded by flipkart, i will never place any order from flipkart. 
PLEASE DON'T BUY THIS PHONE, 
[Note -Flipkart : refund my money back as i have already generate the request for the same.]  
 The Phone have following problem...
1. Camera image is very bad in low light (not even equal to 5 MP)
2.Excessive heating while charging & Net use
3. Very Low Volume of music & ringtone
4. Battery actual 3030 , where as Xoimi claim 3130 (unethical practise)
5. Processes are actual 1.6Ghz which shown on my screen. 
these are the information which I can see , we all can imagine what else they are hinding to just sell their phone to Indian people.. 
They are trying to make fool to indian consumer ... I am requesting to flipkart please return this phone ....and requesting other please dont but this chinesse box 
 Recd the phone three days ago, had issues with the firmware, fonts .  
The emails are not downloaded automatically though configured to sync every 10 minutes. Have to down load emails manually. The home screen many times does not even show new msgs. The same goes for Missed calls.The fonts options too limited. 
 Xiaomi Mi 4i : Back to the Winning Formula 
The Xiomi Mi 4i is an affordable dual-SIM smartphone sporting a 5-inch 1080p screen, 1.7-GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 octa-core chip, 2GB of RAM and 16GB of storage. On the back you can find a 13-megapixel shooter with dual-tone flash and on the front there is a 5-megapixel selfie shooter. 
My Experience -  
Design - 8/10
Display - 9/10
Software - 8/10
Performance - 8/10
Battery life - 8/10
Camera - 8/10
Value for money - 9/10 
 My first mi mobile.amazing feeling to hold and use it.Beautiful display and good in multitasking.Only prob im facing is getting heated some times and looking for mi team to solve it by releasing quick updates..Best phone at this price. 
 Very good camera quality and looks awesome.....................
Best phone in this price range.
I am really very happy to see its performance. 
 Don't be fooled by the specs. The phone cannot handle multiple apps and gets stuck. Camera start up time sub standard. You will miss the moment if you want to capture something suddenly. It never used be the case with my iphone. Screen is super sensitive and it is very annoying when you are on call (have to always switch the display off) or when you forget switching off display in keep in your pocket..  
Good thing is Battery backup and call quality. Easily lasts 1.5 days with average usage. So 2 stars 
 Best phone till date...camera is Just above awesome.... battery backup also good... happy to have it With me 
 Performance of the phone is too good. Camera Quality is too good. Feels me like i made a justice with my money :D 
 THE PHONE HANGS A LOT,
MEMORY IS VERY POORLY MANAGED BY SOFTWARE
ULTIMATE CAMERA 
GOOD BATTERY.  
 After 6 month of Using I can say still it is in its best category. But now a lot of options there in this price range. I would suggest you to go for lenovo k4 or yunicorn or coolpad note 3. These are now far better according to price segment. 
 Good phone at that price in the mmarket, but it's camera is not good, every time when i click a pic it has red blink eyes in pic and no suc as edit feature to fix that problem 
 One of the very stable phone and works without any issue. Whatsapp, facebook, youtube, phone call, 3G connectivity, wifi connectivity every thing is great. 
 An excellant mobile i ever had with no hangs,fast,decent camera,sound good quality an best phone to its prise. thanks Xiaomi. 
 Hi all, This mobile has been delivered in a day by flipkart. Product was good. Mi 4i is one of the best mobile to buy. 
 Its a Good Moblie I have been using it for nearly a Year Now I haven't Encounter any problems yet,        
 mi 4i phone experience is very good nice product smooth operate & good quality product. perfect phone. 
 I love the UI and design only an issue with memory should be expendable but it's fine for normal use. 
 Prons
1 Light Weight
2 FULL HD screen
3 Great Battery backup
4 Slim 5 inch phone
5 Best Cam both front & rear
Cons
1 Limited Storage ,no expandable memory
2 miui 7 needs some more stability 
 Mi 4i is really very good phone for quality wise as well as performance wise... 
I loved it... 
 Nice phone no worries with this phone its worthful for the money Xiaomi is a awesome brand 
 hi , ihave been using this device from last week.it is heating a lot, some times hangs also even with the default apps. my advice is not to buy this product 
 Amazing phone.
My no 1 best phone.
Thanks very much Mi. I love you 
 I recommend to all buy this phone. Its heating little bit but multitasking is super.I purchase this mobile when my friend recommend me. Really guys you should buy its next product MI6. 
 Pros - 
Display
Performance
4g lte 
Cons - 
Very delicate screen ( no gorilla glass protection ) broken twiced even not dropping the phone.
Memory card slot missing 
 I bought this on one of the big billion days for 10k. It took them a week to deliver it to me, even when I live in a city like Bangalore. The power button was not fit into its place perfectly. It's awesome when it comes to performance. 
 I am using it since last 8 month , so I thought its the best time to share some of my experience. To begin with the service of flipkart deserve a thanks. Now coming to the phone, I can bet that here you can one of the best quality camera , particularly the front one. I am also using iPhone 5s , still I can't live without mi4i , particularly because of its camera. The processor is fast even the picture quality is really good , you can have in this price mark. Even in this 8 month I have not experience my phone to get hanged. But if you are planning to buy this one , I can say this one has possessed the best camera along with some unique feature of iPhone except the finger print. Just go and grab it. 
 Compact, Fast, Good camera, offers 4G on both SIMs. amazing battery backup, sturdy. My daughter has dropped it often but nothing happens. The UI is very user friendly and also aesthetically pleasing. 
I lost one and have purchased it again. 
 I am using this phone now for about 9 months and flawless performance delivered. Also the 30 days exclusive flipkart return policy is a great breather for online shoppers. 
 Best dual sim mobile. 
Lighter in weight, battery backup satisfactory, display quality is best, specially ear piece volume is amazing, its very clear and properly audible. Camera is fine. 
 Xiaomi has made a market in India by selling dazzling configurations at low prices. But know that this puts a pressure on the battery, which heats up quite a bit, making things uncomfortable in the pocket.  
Also, when it comes to processing power - which decides the speed of the phone's functions, among other things - this model is no match for some of the more expensive phones in the Rs 20,000+ bracket.  
The camera is good, but not fast enough in focusing at times.  
And definitely do upgrade to the latest MIUI platform, or user interface, as that takes care of a number of bugs. 
 All phone is awsome...
Mind blowing perfomamance
I have all ready mi 1
Mi2
Redimi note also 
This model is also gud..  
 Amazing phone at this price and amazing service from flipkart 
 I bought it on 6th may, 2015. After one year of uses I m writing the review. It is the best phone I have ever used. Good display, camera,battery life. Even after playing COC it can back up upto 12-14 hours. With 2G u can use it upto 30 hours easily. But audio quality is little bit bad. U will not hear the incoming call sound if the phone is on ur pocket. If u want a new mobile go for it. 
 Nice Product in its Price Range. Although the Mobile is awesome but the camera is not very strong to pick the far images like after 50-70 meters.. the image got blurred otherwise the phone is very very good. 
 one of the lightest devices that Xiaomi has to offer in this price range.with the exchange offers and the cashback it comes at a steal price. Battery needs some changes.gets hot sometimes but overall a good product 
 Pros
1. Durability (recently I dropped this phone at speed of 50 kmph from two wheeler, but only couple of scratches)
2. Long battery life (Continuous 3G & 4 hrs Calling, whole day back up)
3. Slim design
4. Very smooth call recording (No pop ups during or at the start / end of call) 
Cons
1. Even though Octa core processor, it becomes slow after you use it
2. Not good for high quality games
3. Average Camera 
 Bought Mi 4i in Big billion sale its a very good with good battery life.
Initial i got one Mi 4i due some problem flip kart replaced it the second one is sooper
Worth for money .... 
 Though at first I received a faulty one ( battery issue) but later it was replaced by Flipkart very soon and got the best phone in return. I like this phone. 
 Camera and the processor are the best part in this product. To avoid heating, we just need to update MI UI. It's around 1GB. Then restart the phone. 
 ram is not good still compare to yureka .... hanging so much not working fast but only camera is good don't buy this waste of money 
 the phone was just superb ..slim..battery back up is good..but lags sometimes..nd sometimes gets hanged..ram management was quite poor..camera quality is superb both rear and front.display is awesome..build quality is very good..one major drawback is the lack of memory card slot.otherwise superb phone at a great price..flipkart delivery was not that good nd was way too much late.. 
 This phone has a smart features on low budget price. thanks to flipkart for quick delivery. 
Processing good and 2 GB RAM 
 great phone i love it VERY nice camera , at low price and very fast processing  
NICE design toooo .. .. .. .. :-) 
 Xiaomi has defeated all companies. I can say simply Sooper. No other can company in this budget can perform well than MI phones 
 Good phone... Affordable and working fine. I am using it for a while now.. 
 Best phone ever......cmera is awsm ... everything in this fon is fabulous..... 
 Nice product. I love it! It is working well. thanks to flipkart for secured and safe delivery with nice packing. I recommend everyone to buy this mobile. 
 Great phone, i used it from last year and its work smoother i like it 
 better delievery and good phone...faster dekievery with no problem in phone 
 Nice phone have good look battery backup is great love the specs of the phone 
 Crystal clear display, awesome camera are the pros. But phone does hang after a long operation. Must buy if you are looking for a budget phone. 
 Satisfactory incredible camera long battery life nice n smooth touch 
 Good camera , light weight , good battery backup but mobile charger damaged very fast. 
 Its been one year since i used this phone..frankly speaking this phone not sets for gamers and heavy users..the thing which i like the most is the camera then later the battery life..  
 Best phone in this price range.. heating issue is similar to other phones..  
 My best phone mi 3
No problem 
Good features
Good sound quality  
 Using the phn since 5 months.. 
Nive phone and gr8 delivery timing by flipkart. 
 Phone ia awesome and it doesnot lag while playing games and while switching between apps and also exciting offers from flipkart makes it worth buying .value for money product. 
 Features are good but there is heating problem................. 
 Nice camera... Awesome look 
RAM is just OK....
Screen size is good 
 Nice product & best service by flipkart.com always love to buy at flipkart.com 
 Goid one very nice picture quality and with good peformance than 
 I bought this last November and received a handset with faulty display, but thanks to flipkart's awesome return mechanism, the device was replaced in a flash. After that I never had any issue with the phone and it's literally too good if you get at the price I got it I.e. 7500INR. 
 This phn is good but software is not too good.yet well.best thing is the camera.even better than redmi note 3 .loved it..  
 Amazing cell...best camera of its class...UI seems amazing.. 
 Best products n best services by flipkart.sspecially return services r too good. 
 A very decent mobile with suberb camera quality and in budget. Worth to buy. The only draw back is it doesn't accept external SD card. 
 I think this is the best camera phone in this price.... ?????? 
 Its been almost 6 months and the phone is working good. No problem till now. 
 Good quality in reasonable price compare to other products.. 
 Best phone at this price Long standing battery except for heating phone is good 
 It is really a great phone. I got it at a big discount for Rs. 9000. It is full value deal for me. Amazing company, amazing phone, amazing price. Love the product. 
 Nice phone in this price range. Good camera,slim body. Mi4i....  
 Mi4i is a not a best but good .
Ram is a 2gb is inf but so taking issues is available.  
 Nice phone easy to use has some good features but the only thing that is demerit of this phone is that it does not support SD card else its the perfect price range phone 
 The camera and the light weight is the best thing but fails in other aspects. Low battery backup is irritating and no external card slot is surprising. Better go for some other model at this price. 
 This is a good mobile with some flaws.....
look wise it is awesome but it lags smtyms when it is put on moderately high graphic settings 
 nice phone value for money, need to improve on task bar icon size. 
 Best phone in its price and it must. Nevessary to upgarde it 
 Nice phone good processer nice speed good display good feteFv 
 I am proud owner of this mobile. wonderful mobile.heating problem was solved by regular updates. 
 Nice phone. It has been over 10 months no issues. Heating was an issue but with updates it has lessened.  
Picture quality of camera is great. 
Voice quality is good . call drop is less . 
Wifi catching strength better than moto phones.  
Paisa vasool  
 It is my Best phone till now... grt features... look like iphone... best configuration 
 In general I found this phone to be good. However it gets really heated up. It hangs as well. 
 A very nice product.this review is being written aftr 6 months of purchase.i use about 50 apps and it still doesnt hang .heating problem is not as serious as the general hipe was.nice , slim and very light. 
 The phone is amazing works very fast.. And i got fast delivery.. Just loved it :) 
 Great mobile , speed, slim, light weight but no memory expandeded this is draw back 
 It is a good mobile phone.
The user interface and performance is amazing 
 Great mobile with perfect value for money at this price range , better than Samsung and Microsoft 
 This mobile is awesome I like this products ... thank you flip kart 
 The phone is just ok. But mi should be work on its battery backup and on memory card slot 
 Best mobile phone ever under this price.No heating issue and battery performance is very good. 
 Good phone!!!
Liked the design...UI is somewhat similar to iPhone 
 Satisfies in all aspects. If you are lucky it will last for few years then it is worth more than what you pay. 
 Nice.. going good.. great deal from flipkart plus phone is also good. 
 Specification of the phone is good at this price range .but there is heating problem while playing games. 
 It's about 3 Months I'm using this phone best from flip kart 
 Great phone, thin light fast, good in every aspect a smartphone should be, exept, the phone heats up pretty quick, if you play high end games. And after 8 months of use, im experiencing some sound problem. Other than that it is a great phone???   
Even though the phone is a good budget phone, it has various issues. On charging the battery heats up and the phone gets hung.  
These issues started happening from 5-6 months of purchasing the phone. Was a waste of money. 
 It's amazing product from mi... 
Just awesome... 
 Wow...... 
 Very good product to buy. Amazing camera photos. DIsplay is also good. 
 Performance: good
Battery: good
Budget: good 
Battery back up: good 
 Really nice phone.. Must have.. Quick delivery by flipkart.. 
 Camera is awesome...
Both the front and rear camera are HD ......  
 Good mobile.. front camera is really good.. only issue with the mobile is inserting an external memory card option is not there. 
 Value for a money, touch is good. Comfortable in hand and most important pocket friendly 
 Slim phone.excellent camera.nice look.615 is very fast.no expandable storage 
 The best phone i ever used. Very nice display, cam quality is really good. 
 Good phone in the budget category. Doesn't lag even after one year of usage 
 Awesome phone best phone from MI really worth it and even price is worth.. 
 Realy good performance phone in budget
Camera quality ,battery backup, is very good in it's category 
 Best cellphone at such a low cost..best camera..best battery backup.. 
 Great phone people should buy it worth it....only heating issue 
 Great product. Battery is not consistent. Display sound touch are great 
 Compare to other mobile camera is very good. Operation is very thup 
 It's specs are best in price. Heat up issue.
But for the price it's worth it. 
 Great Phone..value for money...superb clarity and great camera 
 Good product from MI. Valuble for that price. Loved it. It have to improve some more features. 
 Best mobile i ever seen under 10k but i heard about latest phone replce camera 
 Nice phone. Brilliant display and good camera. Phenomenal phone.. 
 Gud to go with this one...liked it...no problem with phone.... 
 Great display and camera. Best in the price range. Go for it if you are ok with mi UI. 
 I am using it for more than a year, and things are nice. In the beginning there were problems but cell phone is working fine. No major or even any minor issues occurred till now. 
 Worth for money useing for a year . . . 
 OK product ...lot of new features must buy it ..best phone evere 
 Nice mobile selfeee is beautiful and battery good , nice game mobile 
 Great product.. great delivery.. well done.. smooth device by xiaomi 
 I purchased this product on diwali bigbillion sale @9800(with discount offers). First impression was average now after use of 6 months I am writing this review. 
- Look wise phone is very good the only problem is plastic looking body. You have to handle it with care bcs it may slip from ur hands. 
- No one can beat mi 4i ni performance. It flows like fluid. I played NFS, FIFA, ASPHALT and so many games on it without any problem. 
- Also the camera performance is awsome. It beats all mobile cameras even some digital cameras in clarity and other features. 
RATINGS:
-Display 5/5
- Gaming & app performance 5/5
- miui - 4.5/5
- Camera - 5/5
- Sound - 4/5
- Look - 4.5/5
- Battery -4/5 
Conclusion:
The best phone in terms of performance, display, and camera results. If one is looking all these in one phone then must buy this one 
 Excellent product, thanks to flipkart for speedy delivery... 
 Good phone very nice loved it ................................ 
 Amazing phone. Works smooth and fast. Nice buy for people looking for budget phones with good specs. 
 This a great phone .........i liked this phone very much.. display is awesome 
 Nice phone great features value for money budgeted phone loved it 
 Awesome device !! Love it 
The display is awesome 
Games runs smooth as silk 
 The best in class with awesome camera n above all sleek n pocket fitter 
 Good phone. Has 4G for a reasonable ptice. The camera quality is relly 
 Best product as compared to other products of the price eange. Good quality and look. 
 Very nice product.I Have been using it since months. Recommend to buy. 
 Nice phone
I have a great expectation from this phone
 Tanx. 
 One of the best budget phone...
The only issue is non expandable memory slot . Both the cameras will give the best performance at this price segment.
Overall if memory is not issue for you then go and buy. 
 Great phone, 6 months have been using this phone, no issues, working good 
 Very nice phone. Great phone in cheaper phone. Mi's one of killer flagship 
 Excellent master piece. Bang on for the bugs you spend.Camera is crisp and clear,no lags due to the superb 2 gb ram. 
 Nice product
1.Good battery
2.Good camera front
3.Excellent camera back
4.Value for money 
 I purchased this in may 15. Awesome product i can say after using it for one yr. Recommended to many frnds n relatives 
 Was a decent purchase for the price. Good and speedy delivery.  
 Super slim phone...I love it. Camera clarity is superb ..... 
 I am using this phone from last 6 months. Camera quality is very good but it heats much. Some times it will hang for 10 minutes and u have to wait till it works as there is no option to remove the battery. 
 Superb phone .
Very good display.
& 
camera result.
Love this Miui 
 It has problem with - Internet if connect using SIM card. However it'll work with Wi-Fi.
No proper USB drivers available if you are an Android Developer and using this cell phone for debugging purpose. 
It gets heated up in few mins. Not sure if I have got a defective piece or every one who use this cell phone is prone to encounter these issue. 
Better to opt some branded phone over this though the price of branded cell is high but you won't face all these kind of issues. 
 Nice mobile , no issues liked the design and the specs. I would definately recommend this product 
 Great phone at very affordable price. Very good job done for the product 
 Good phone. 
Nice battery back up.
But very delicate . . will be broken on one fall. 
 Best smartphne in this price segment best camera quality and many more other features 
 Have been using it for a year and absolutely no issues. Value for money 
 Amazing product. I am pretty much satisfied. Camera quality is very good. 
 Excellent Phone n delivery service by Flipkart.. High Battery performance n good looking phone.... 
 Very good mobile. Batary life is one day. Performance is very fast. 
 Good........................................................ 
 Awesome phone.
Pros: camera,performance,looks,UI
Cons: heats up some time, ram usage. 
 Its awsme product by flipkart... good phone and trustable webste. Happy to be shopping with it 
 Good phone,slim,nice battery backup,good camera,Overall good phone 
 Good features of this phone are: 
1 Good design
2 great camera 
3 very good display
4 good battery life
5 good processor
6 UI with lot of customization 
Bad Feature:
1. Heating issues 
 Good budget mobile from 12k .....it's worth for money ...only thing is heating phone and back up battery 
 Awesome phone in this budget.. only concern is not expandable memory 
 That is a good one. Sleek and cool design. Good camera quality. 
 Good budget phone I would say. Camera quality is better than other 13mp phones 
 Awesome phone with awesom camera and features, 
Lit bit Btry prblm. 
 Nice phone i loved the phone very much the touch is too good 
 Very good phone, value for money, camera is too good.
Battery performance is very good. 
 Very fine product . It is of great quality and speed of moblie is pretty good 
 Best camera used ever, simple yet elegant design in this range. 
 It is a very good phone with good specifications. Memory should have been extensible 
 Very good display.. good battery backup.. good rear camera...  
 Nice product. Worth buying. I'm using the phone over last 7 months and the phone hasn't given me a single chance to complain. 
Camera is awesome... no heating problem(as claimed mostly for all Xiaomi phones).... no signs of slowing down yet.. can go for it 
 Awesome Phone.Worth of price. best phone you can opt for these range of phones 
 Super phone with Garrett display and great battery. But low internal memory 
 Good stuff in the best price best camera compare to other brand's apart from IPHONE, even the design is really good there are so many features which is not available in other phones,, Folks i guess you need to try this once. 
 A full feature packed budget smartphone.
Only problem faced is overheating. 
 I am writing this after a year and I am 100% satisfied with the product and delivery was on time as always. Thank you seller and flipkar 
A Nice smart phone!!!   
 It's good. I bought it for 10000. Camera - good, baterry - good, design - good.I really liked it. 
 Good Phone in this Category, using since last 4 months. Light weight , good battery backup are prominent features 
 Its awesome movie. Ui is best.. No lagging.. Superb mobile. Updates by OEM is time to time. Can resolution is zakkas 
 Super product battery life is good and not hanged body strength is very good 
 This phone is worth for the price... 
It gives a crisp 1920x1080 resolution... The touch is very fine.. The camera quality is amazing... Supports otg.. Speakers are also good. And the screen is very robust and scratch resistant.. I guess i dropped it around 3 times in 6 months but still its in excellent condition 
The things i dont like abt this phone is that you cant extend storage.... There is no slot for micro sd card.. Rest thisngs are awesome.  
However i guess in thia budget.. You should go for redmi note 3 32gb... It will give you way better specs for just 1-2 grands extra.. 
 I would say that Mi4i has launched a good mobile. Good features, configuration and camera quality.. 
 Best product by Mi so far ...good camera good performance and good battery backup 
 It's good camera is working fine heating issue fine and processing is good  
 Great phone in great price !! Came with good packaging, and awesome product quality. There is no (significant) heating up, the camera quality beats iPhone 4s significantly under low light conditions ! Adding on top - the phone is very light weight and there are lots of cool and very well thought features. Would definitely recommend buying one if you haven't had an mi experience. 
 Nice phone and also updates from MI to latest versions is good 
 Super mobile at cheaper price.performance of the mobile is awesome.but little heating issues. 
 I got this phone 7 months back it is working without any lag.  
 A good phone :) i loved it. Everything camera battery at this pricee was good ! 
 Nice phone 
No heating issues 
Display is nice
Nice camera 
Battery backup is also good 