Superb phone in this price tag but disappointed with camera.xiomi should think about camera how to enhance the quality.Got this phone about a week ago (gold, 32gb).. I've been using since then..  And what should I say! Totally worth it! U get all these features at 12k! The look is amazing! Let's start with the pros..Pros :1) The display- The display is just awesome!! Vivid! Ul love it!2) Fingerprint sensor - it works like a charm!! And u can add many fingers . Fast unlock.3) IR blaster - works well..! I use it to control my TV and Set top box..u can also control ac, fan, dvd.. etc.. There is also an inbuilt remote app from mi4) Gaming - gaming performance is good... No lags.5)camera - camera is really good in daylight..! And during low light it's just around average.6)BATTERY - THE BATTERY IS JUST SUPERB!!! 4050 Mah! That's some capacity!! And it lives to its name!!  The Battery is impeccable!!And the consCons :1) Hybrid sim slot : A hybrid sim slot is where u can place either 2 sims or 1 sim and a sd card.  So actually it doesn't really matter when u buy the 32gb version but for some who need more... Will have to sacrifice a sim for storage. ie.. U can't use 2 sims at once if you want external storage.Can't think of any other cons.. Overall this device is just awesome..! Just go for it!The phone is killer. Great perfo except the cam is a bit down. The problem with me is, the charger adapter is not working after just one day of use. Now i need to get it replaced with warranty. Feels s***.The product was goodexcellent UI desingfingerprints was vry good wrking.longlasting battery life.phone is good but i hate this flash sale method. Xiaomi will lose lot of fans this wayGot one redmi note 3 32gb silver yesterday, from the moment i switched on the touch screen is not working at all.I brought this 32 GB variant for my wife, looks pretty good but after 15-17 days it started randomly shuts n opens any apps n get hited like hell n now it's off since two days.Return policy has over so will try to solve with xiaomi service centre n I already read service center review n not much optimistic to get help from there....Fingers crossed...Don't ever try this product...Camera quality is bad otherwise the phone is okit is not working now. I am not able to use it. When I called for replacement piece, amazon didn't allowed me to do so. I went to customer care and they have installed software but still it is not working. again I have to go to customer care and check what are the issues. Its not worth buying as customer care in pune is very poor.Also I have to say that Amazon policy is very bad regarding to this. Please purchase from Fkart with good return/replace policy.Excellent phone. It is an awesome phone coming in small and inexpensive package.I own other Xiaomi phones too - MI4i and MI4. Though these phone has little heating issues while playing heavy games, but redmi 3 has no such heating issues during usage.Battery is just too good. I dont need power bank now. My phone battery lasts for two and a half days with normal usage. With heavy usage you do need to worry about battery for a day.I was waiting for this device quite for sometimes...but unfortunately it has got some issues...1) finger print sensor some times stop working...it won't unlock the phone the phoneThen I have to use other unlocking option2)gets heated while charging ,charger gets even more heated....3)camera is below average specially the primary one...front camera is OK compared to other devices4) during the 1st day use itself it started creating problems- I locked the phone & kept it in my pocket,when tried to unlock it to show my friends  it won't unlock neither with finger print nor with other options & then the whole screen became dark ,unresponsive ,no key was working...then I tried to charge it as battery was low but no luck with that too....after 20-30 mins of trying I thought of rebooting the device...& thankfully only after reboot it started working4) there problem while connecting to WiFi....after so many attempt s I could connect to WiFi...& the speed of WiFi is also less then the other devices using the same wifi network....Now all this issues occurred within the 1st day of use....I waited long for this phone ...called Amazon they told product is out of stock so they will refund my money but I wanted a good phone...m very sad with the performance of the phoneRedmi Note 3 is Best Phone under 15 k I purchased it on 18 May got after 3 days Nice product.. packaging is good...it take me 15min for first boot n setting.. after that it boost performance after all 3gb RAM take care of all process... sound quality is best...camera quality normal not best(but after installing paid app like DSLR camera it perform well and load fast).... memory management is hard to get after u regularly update ur phone but MIUI is best after all..... WIFI 4g and data transmission is perform well on back end site but with phone heat.... fast charging and battery back up is best and i m total satisfied with it this is best battery back up smartphone (but heated like iron DON'T TOUCH ME I M ON CHARGING MODE).. but heating is normal issue after all its metal body look crazy u fell like its gold look get attract well n display quality is brilliant clear look and best viewing angles....gaming is best part of this device(3gb ram n 32 internal not lag). after all i m as owner of device totally satisfied with performance and look of this device. i recommended it to all my friends and relatives also. thank Amazon and Redmi Mi for this MADE IN INDIA device.Hi there I am writing this review after using the device for 1 Month,Pros.1. CPU Performance is good & fast as expected.2. GPU Performance is Good ( while Playing Games).3. Multi Tasking Speed is good.4. No Lag till now.5. Not Much Heating Issue.Cons.1. MIUI 7 or The Software running the phone is full of Bugs.2. No Captive Portal for the WiFi needed Third Party app, Connecting to a WiFi is very Slow.3. Screen Display Settings for the Auto Mode specially inside House is very bad, Screen Light or Brightness isn't up to the mark.4.Camera Quality Not upto the Mark , Specially Low Light Imaging needs to improve & the Selfi Camera needs a Wider Angle.5. Auto Rotation (Gyro Sensor) often stops working the solution given from MI team for this is to reset the phone, & my Solution to temporary resolve restart the phone, often if the phone is locked for a long time & any app running in the background the finger print unlock doesn't work. I am giving this review keeping the price in mind & compared the phone with Moto G4+ (Hands on Exp.).I am attaching some photos taken in a stormy weather to show the camera quality.I am writing this review after my purchase on 18th May. So it's been nearly two weeks & I have only one word to describe my experience - PREMIUM. The metal finish of this phone makes it feel & look so elegantly premium you really can't tell if this phone is actually worth 12k.  I have loaded this phone with many apps like Facebook, fb messenger,zomato, Amazon, flipkart, book my show, m indicator, cricinfo, hotstar. Have been changing themes like crazy but there hasn't been any lag. The touch - smooth as feather.Camera - in daylight it can beat i phone for true colours & i have experienced itSound - phone doesn't come with any earphones to save money, checked on skullcandy - pretty good outputHybrid sim - this phone allows you one micro sim one nano sim & memory card which it comes with, n no signal issue.Call quality - it's pretty loud, you can obviously adjust itSize - its a big phone. Am still trying to come to terms with the size since i never had a phone this big & it looks great , bada hai toh behtar hai!!Heating - not a problem. Does heats up when charing by provided charger. I use low amp charger - hopefully that would marginally improve lifetime of battery.Hanging - does hang a bit now and then but nothing major.Camera - indoors and night photographs are not as good as flagships, this isn't one. Outdoors and in proper lights its good enough. Install Google's camera to shoot 4K videos. Does not shoot slow motion videos.Battery - Really Good. Lasts a day and half, preferred network type is 4G and connects to WiFi when available that is around 20 hours of the day its on wifi.GPS - Locks in pretty quickly.Screen - Vivid.Audio - with headphones very good. Speakers on the back not good enough in noisy environment.Call Connectivity - Good. My flat has low signal strength, but it works.Some minor issue - while playing games the gyro suddenly stops sometimes and comes back after exiting the game and coming back. Screen rotation stops for no reason at times.I brought this product on 25th flash sale. Got 32gb variant. Got delivered yesterday. Honest review after 1 day.The phone is awesome. Superfast and superlight. Became a fan in single day.Pros:Build - superb build quality. Uni metal design is awesome.Weight - very light considering the build quality.Screen - very crisp and clear.Finger print sensor - very fast unlocking. May not be .3s as per spec, but definitely very fast.IR Burst - awesome... i controlled my ac and tv with my mi. I am using an IFB ac, it was not in the device list provided.. but still i could pair it.Heating issue - not much. Normal temperature only after 5 hours of continuous 4G usage.Network- neat and stable. I never had any problem with network selection and connection.Battery - Jumbo..!!! Used around 10 hours of continuous 4G browsing, after full charge, still 60% remains.!!!Cons :Camera - not up to the mark. 16 mp camera still lacks  clarity and crispness.Back cover - i think the chances of scratches are more, could have been better if incorporated more matte finish. Its bit slippery too. So lack of gorilla glass may be an issue.But overall, its a super phone. Small shortcomings can be easily tolerated considering the huge positive points.As usual Amazon delivery was superb...Overall verdict : just go for it...!!!!!And will I recommend it to my friends??O.. YES..!!!It's been 10 days I am using Redmi Note 3, 32 GB variant. Belive me its fabulous in terms of price,performance,battery life,smooth graphics and finally amazon service.Detailed Review:Pros : 1) 3 GB RAM and Hexa core processor. The RAM management is too good. Tested using multiple apps running at background(more that 15 apps, few are small few are games,few are inbuilt apps). After 15 apps still it gives me 1.2 GB of RAM.2) Battery life. Charged it for 80%, after playing 2-3 hrs of game, camera,calls and many more. Still I had more than 30% battery at next day 10 am.3) Look and feel. Awesome color(Bought gold one), slim, full metal body,good finishing.4) MIUI. Perfect feature, it provides lots of customization,many options to play with, as per your requirement you can modify the UI and functionality. There are few settings which can be used to increase battery and CPU performance.Cons : 1) Availability, I really hate this so called flash sell strategies by both MI and Amazon.2) There is some heating issue. While playing game or any heavy app for log time. Not sure but it is common the temperature of phone is high while doing charging, may be its not big issue.3) Camera. Rear cam is not up to the mark. I tried with many modes, combinations, but it is not so much impressive. I hear that Xiaomi had planed some software update to boost camera but note sure. Front cam is upto the mark, I have some good selfies :)Should I buy it?? : BIG YES, if you search any smartphone which is costing up to 20k, then this is the phone which should be up above in your list.Xiomi Redmi Note 3 has become the darling of the crowds and critics alike. Indeed it has features that will put many flagship phones (read INR 40K+) to test. I just received my phone today (made in India :)) so my review is limited to about 6 hours of use.The pluses are many and the few minuses are also mentioned. I will therefore stick to how it felt to use.a) The phone is pretty big and that means greater coverage, more view, better reading (Facebook, browser, etc.). But it also has own issues. Although my palm size is more than average (thumb tip to pinky tip is 9.5" at full stretch), I found the one hand use to be difficult.b) The MIUI is rather unique to customize. Most other phones have a home screens on which you can add frequently used apps or remove unwanted ones. Here all installed Apps appear on the home screens. One can only group them. But I don't like this. I prefer just 3 home screens with most used widgets and apps. Perhaps there is a way and I am missing something here.c) Again on the MIUI. We have to pinch the screen to go into the screen/UI edit/customize mode. It is not apparent at all. I had to look up on the web on how to do this.d) I am not a gamer and I would like to see the much spoken about 4000 mhA battery and it's performance. After charging it to full, and then 3 hours later it is down to 91%. So good,I suppose.e) Bloatware: Not much. But certainly not as good as Moto E/G/X which have almost no bloatware.f) Performance: Excellent. Nothing to complain there. With so many cores and so much RAM, I would expect nothing less. Again I am not a gamer at all; so I cannot really vouch.g) Android Version: It is Lollypop 5.1.1 LMY47V. MI website say Marshmallow will be released for Redmi Note 3 (Pro). I think Pro means 3GB RAM /32 GB storage version. But there will be a wait. 16GB Redmi Note 3 users will have to wait much much longer.h) Camera: OK. Average. Tolerable pictures outside in bright sunlit conditions. Poor indoors and low light.i) Fingerprint Sensor: Very quick and responsive.Overall, a good phone for a very great price. But I think that Moto X Play is better at 18K even with 2 GB RAM. It will get more frequent updates. Remember that RAM amount is just a number. Extra RAM will help in multi-tasking and memory intensive programs but if you have 1 GB RAM free, it is a waste.UPDATE AFTER 1 DAY--------------------------------Battery is great. After 100% charge yesterday, and 27 hours of normal use, the battery is down to 62%.I was waiting 2 buy rn3 32gb fr past 2 months... Bt yesterday i bought this from #olx with 700 rs extra.. (It was a product of amazon)I was scared of negetive cmmnts...bt i dnt found any fault or issue..1.no issues on netwrk..2.no issues with dual sim..3.this the best cam within this range..10k nd 12k range.. (U can put some undr 20k phns also in chllenge)Who r saying cam is nt good..go n buy canon or sony dslr..bttr option fr them...i m nw mad of its 16 mp..lovely clr correction.. Awsm clikcs.!3.no heating.. A little warm on using bt usable..i m using without back cvr..no prblm at all with me..Its a #metal_body guyz.. Grow up..its normal 2 heat..4.from the morning installed all the apps i want (20+)..n surfed 3g whole day..still left with 25% bttry at night..5. Gold is the sexiest clr i found... Aswm feels in hand..looks grt..can beat any big budget phns in looks..6.fngr pnt is also awsm..accurate..bt smtimes it did nt recognize.. Bt aftr a while it wrks flawlessly again..I posted alt of angry cmnts on fb..u knw the frustration mi..nw i m vry much hppy with rn3 32 gb..goldAwsmm price with grt features...mi...Design:The design is fantastic,as compared le1s,I am comparing this phone with le1s because of the metal bodies of both phones,in terms of build quality redmi note 3 is the clear winner.Gold color gives a different look for this phone.But we must attach an tempered glass for this phone because of the lack of gorilla glass protection.But I didn't feel it is a big problem,screen doesn't got scratch easily.Camera:In case of camera department I compared this phone with Asus ZenFone 2 laser,back camera of redmi note 3 is 16MP and that of ZenFone is 13MP,doesn't care about megapixel range in case of back camera ZenFone has a slight edge,because of the performance in low light and the camera app of ZenFone carries a lot of features including super resolution,low light,depth field,beatification mode,manual mode,slow motion,time lapse etc..but the lack of these features in redmi note 3 gives the slight edge to ZenFone in terms of camera.But Xiaomi got edge in front camera,we got more clear pictures in redmi note 3 than ZenFone......Battery:4100 mAh battery gives an extra edge from those phones in this category.Connectivity:no need to explain about connectivity,because we get all connectivity option in this phone except NFC ....Heating:yes,at my first time phone heats up in normal condition but after update it's ok...So you don't worried about it.....Finger print sensor:It full fill our expectations....Surely you can go for it or wait for LE 2 or Meizu m3 note,but I think we can trust mi because mi have so many service centres and helping centres comparing with other Chinese brands.Don't worry ,this phone full fill all your expectations.....this is value for money i must say. its now one month and i dont faced any problem regarding processor or software. battery is real master player. i installed asphalt , defense zone 2hd, marvel fight and many other games. no hanging and other problem faced. heating is there but yes you know u are not investing 60k. at just 12 k u r getting pretty decent stuff with more performance power.First of all I ordered this device 11th May 2016. In this device Hotspot is not working. I have contacted XIAOMI Support centre for the solution, no doubt they are quick but without solution & asking me to contacted AMAZON. AMAZON is ever ready with REPLACEMENT solution. I have received my replacement on 24th May 2016. But still the Hotspot is not running. So it is sure that there is manufacturing defect in this XIAOMI device & they go on supplying defective device. I request Amazon to discontinue this sales, looking to the reputation AMAZON.Just one word guys, epic ! Now I'm not joking when I say this phone is epic. Xiaomi has provided you with more than what you can ask. So no complaining about it. The phone is crazy fast, the sd650 and 3gb RAM handles it all without any stutter. And coming to the looks , it feels really premium to hold in hand and it can be the envy of your friends. And the fingerprint scanner is really good , but I've experienced some minor issues relating to it like it doesn't recognize when my finger is oily or sweaty , my finger needs to be dry. But we can't really complain about it looking at its price. Also the camera is not as bad as the critics said. It takes excellent pics in day light and the pics in low light are decent compared to its price. And the IR blaster also works flawlessly. The ui is snappy and bug free. Just go for it guys , you won't regret it ever.For those who cannot order it i can try and order it for free mail me at arvins.ce.12@nitj.ac.in. i cannot promise confirm order. But ill help. U can use MI.com\in for easy orderingPositve factors : To get a smartphone with 32GB memory, 3GB Ram, 4000 Mah battery with 5.5 HD display is not an easy thing.Drawback : Eventhough the camera spec mentioned as 16MP, the quality of pictures is not satisfactory. Also the voice clarity needs to be improved. When we are answering calls outside, sometime I couldnt hear what other person is telling.I got this product on May 6th. I had heating problem, so I had to replace the mobile.My replacement arrived on 20 May 2016. Replacement for my mobile was quick and process was simple.After using the mobile for two weeks I am writing my review:PROS:1)Fingerprint sensor works fine2)Camera quality is good3)My golden color MI looks sleek and attractive4)The biggest plus is its battery life. I played games,my data was on for almost half the day yet the battery life was amazing5) 3GB ram is just so amazing because I don't have any lag in performanceCONS:1)Data is not working at times so need to switch off my phone and turn it on.2)Heating issue is there during charging and while playing games for long hours but it is not very bad.Overall this mobile is a worthy buy for its price.Its okay phone ... no serious issues but look around for a better one.I have compare it with my previous phone "MI3" from same company and found below issues:1. Camera - low light / night photographs are bad .. it was much better in mi3 or side by side with old micromax phone.2. Battery - I have started to doubt the claimed size (4k) or quality of battery, even with most of battery consuming features like GPS, wifi  turned off and  low brightness levels, it gives way less performance than old mi3 with only battery of 3k.3.customer service sucks - Pune, Shivaji nagar service center never picks the phone calls. I had small damage on the USB port of mi3 and it stopped charging. This is a small and different board but customer care asking for 9000 rs for complete mother board and wont provide the small part.Hi amazon buyers,  i m from Rajasthan,My review is based on 10 days after using this deviceFirst of all the display, it is very good and smooth then speed so speed is very fast.  Fingerprint is working well. Battery is massive but take much more time in charging condition. 1% - 100% in 3 hours.  But its ok beacuse it's bakup time is very long which is 2 days with full use like gaming, internet surfing  and etc.  No heating issue, ab jab garmi itni ho rahi h ki human being bhi garam ho rahe ho wahan mobile phones to garam hogen hi. One bad thing about its  camera, camera is not like 16 mp but it's like 12 mp but it's ok but front camera is pretty good it take original pictures. And hardware and software is also good.  Awsm mobile phone you must go for it. Yrr 12000 m or kya degi company. Jab bhi moka mile buy kar lo mast phone h.Good battery life. (on wifi and mobile data) I got 2 complete days.Average camera.Feels little bit weight in hands.Would recommend.camera is not goood as 16mp.but front camera is too goodBest specs at the given price range but when it comes to usage, it gives so much confusion. Not sure whether it is software or hardware issue, the problems are very irritating and coming to light just after 5 days of usage.1) Screen rotation hangs, sometimes don't work too.2) WiFi disconnects and connects periodically.3) Compass needs to calibrate every time. (Initially it didn't work)4) Battery monitor shows the temperature has gone upto 46.5C and it is heated up only sometimes while watching YouTube videos.5) Call quality sometimes low and sometimes too high.6) Both the sim networks goes idle and searches for the signal for a prolonged time.I think Xiaomi not tested the devices properly, these problems are really irritating and software fix is a must otherwise I would like to have the refund as this is already a replacement of the first device.The best phone I have used. All features have been well thought off. The most practicle Finger Print sensor on the back works on the slightest touch, accurately. make sure you have recorded your finger print at various angle in its entry mode.FM Recording & Call Recording works great, Need to test the Remote (infra red) utility - and update. The camera is spot on. Speaker sound is loud & clear. 2G Data Network does not work though, so you need to know your needs here.Heat up is marginal - not noticeable on extended usage. Speed of switching apps & contacts is good - but would prefer a better evolved contacts Interface having separate favorite nos.Battery lasts for more than 2 days of practicle mixed usage (tested with only Wifi - not data or Blue tooth)Regards MehulSuch a nice phone,This is my first Xaomi phone. I got it in flsah sale on 27th April and they delivered it on 2nd May . Delivery isn't that much fast . That's not a big thing when the phone is of that demand nowadays . The first feel was amazing ,it looks like an amazing premium phone on my hand. I've been using this for the past eight days . Below I'm giving all my reviews about it .Please have a look at it.Processor and RAM :the main part of a phone which decides how the phone should works.It's working is flawless . you can feel it when you use it . It didn't give me a single lag till now.One thing I've noticed is that,out of 3 GB around 1.5 GB is always occupied their OS,but that doesn't matter at all .I've tried playing games and all and The Processor and Ram handles everything well under control.2. CameraCamera of this phone is of average  standard only. Rear camera is not looking like 16 MP,but 13 MP. Front camera is giving blurred or dim images in low lighting,but in normal lighting,it works well. I was usng yureka plus before,which beats redmi not 3 in case of Camera . I'm nt saying that yu will disappoint with camera,But please don't have up to the top expectations.3. Sim CoverageIt gives a standard performance in this feature . he call voice is perfect and so clear.You wont get any disturbances in between calls unless there is any issues with your service provider coverage.4. MutimediaMultimedia capabilities are on the top.It handles video playback of HD quality video files.In built Music player and video player are so good in handling and usage.5. SpeakerThis is the feature where Note 3 fails . The speaker volume is very low  If you try to put voice calls in speaker,the voice coming put is of low volume . But if you try any headsets including local ones, it gives you high quality audio experience.6. Display:It comes with 1080p HD display which i amazing. It is having Pixel Per Inch value of 401 which will give you amazing visual treat for your eyes.This phone beats any other phones in this price range on this feature,and some other phones which are of higher price too..7. Battery BackupOne of the main reason for me to buy this phone is that it is having higher battery backup. I got more than what I expected . /with moderate to heavy usage,I got backup of 30 hours with this phone which is so amazing. The battery case is non removable.totally,It looks amazing . They haven't provided any earphones with the box.One more thing is that it handles an hybrid SIM/Card Slot whcih means you can either use a second sim or a memory card in the hybrid slot. But this phone generally doesn't need a memory card support as it is having an internal memory of 32 GB.Anyway I'll always welcome any decision to buy this phone as an intelligent move . Keep buying friends. Thanks for reading my review .This product Redmi Note 3 32 gb 3 gb RAM is awesome in 12000 Rs. Using Xiaomi MI 3 from last 1.5 yrs,  which is giving more than excellent till date but purchased this product for my wife. But i will use this phone for initial  one month for testing before giving it to her. Here are my recommendations to other buyers-1. When you receive the seal packed item, remove temporary protecting sheet from front and back panel  of phone otherwise you may have camera or black screen issue during call due to covered sensors.2. Charge phone for few minutes(15-20 mins) and then re-start the phone and then insert your sim. Then you can configure your accounts/ settings.3. Check each and every applications for few minutes or hour and then update the phone with latest  MI UI version.4. Then again check the performance. In my case, I have noticed significant  changes (good performance).Just make sure you have received seal packed, unbroken and scratchless item. Initially I was confused as there were number of bad reviews. Believe me or not, I am more than happy with it's performance...4G and network- no issue with network and 3G but 4G is really awesome whenever I am in office (4G network not available near my home). It carrier issue, not with phone.Camera- rear camera is awesome. Brilliant color in day as well as night (flash has mix color light- red and white which adds true color even in low artificial light). Front camera is best in this price.Performance- seen no issues with basic applications including Skype, angrybirds, kids and rhymes  applications, few racing games, music with  more than 1400 songs, 3 HD movie, 69 hd videos songs, 3 bank apps, 24x7 either internet data or wifi is ON. It's butter smooth. No lag so far. More than 1.2 GB RAM is available most of the time. Battery- best, no need to say anything. Charging- takes little bit time, approx 40 mins.The phone is completely value-for-money, good performance with no specific slowness issues identified and can play graphic intensive games (however it does take much longer to load individual game sequences, for example if you are playing Need for Speed or Modern Combat, then it takes about a minute for a new game to load, but once loaded, the gameplay is smooth till the finish). No major heating issues, camera is pretty decent for the cost (good daylight photos, mediocre night scenes, flash photos are ok). recommend using a silicone back cover, as the phone is pretty slippery though. Call quality was good, no call drops seen after a month of use.This phone with Snapdragon 650 chipset is better than phones with Snapdragon 61x series chipsets.For the dark grey version, please note that the back is silver and not dark grey.One of the best smart phone I ever had. Don't go with negative reviews its from those who didn't got this phone in flash sale or the haters who just want to spreading rumors. I have checked all specification and features which has described in details section of this phone. In this range you will not get a smartphone better than this. Go for it friends it's such a awesome phone under this budget.Unable to book mobile from past one month. If customer cannot buy mobile what is the use of manufacturing. changed my opinion. Bye redmi. i recived my package todayi capture some photos by this device i found a issue in camera,when camera flash is on ,the picture is view in yellowish colourthe picture quality seen very cheap in yellowl colourdual flash are blink both at a time when taken pictureone of the light is yellowAbsolutely lagless and feature packed, this is the best phone at this price point, all those who say its camera is poor just show them middle finger and go on.Really Loved it and mainly, it has kernel released and will Get MIUI8 Marshmallow update for sure and this phone is better than Moto G4 for sure...Amazon service is really good. Redmi note3 also a best one. But only prblm is that whats app isn't operate on my device while on data connection but it operate on wi fi. I contact with customer care but they dosnt solve my prblm.i dnt knw what to do now. If anyone have solution then pls suggest mi.hai guyz,  if u thinking of a smart phone which works for u in every field ;;and satisfy in every aspects and make depend on it just go for redmi note 3 @ u hav to belive it by using ****no smartphone under 20k can satisfy u like this one **  camera is more than avverage dont no y peple unsatisfied with that  ********  my honest opinion is just go for ittPro1. Nice metal body gives premium look & feel2.Very fast phone indeed.  One can play big games without any lag3. One can install any nos of apps without sencond thought4. Finger print looks great without any lag5. Great batrery backup. Lasts more than a day with single chargeCons1.Heats up a bit while on charging2.Proximity sensor seems to have some issues.  Screen light doesnt always go off while on callEvery thing is excellent only con is bootloader locked so we can't access recovery mode however by unlocking we can do it in other reviews  it is given as camera is bad but in my phone it is good while in HDR mode it's excellent I received phone with 7.3 global update preinstalled ram is too good 1.9 GB remaining so buy it unlocking isn't good for phoneValue of yr money. Very nice battery life. Processing speed is too fast in i ever used Android phone. Fast and effective fingertip sensor and its nice while capturing photos by it. Ok camera with regular resolution.touch is good as samsung. Phone heated while charging. so no problem in purchasing this phone. Prefer 32 gb/ 3gb for fast using. Thank u MIIt is fantastic products, some what battery getting heated while charging, Its okey as the product reaching to my expectations. Only complaint that instrument is supplied without headphone. Company should thing upon this as such a good product without headphone is like purchasing shirt without buttons. Now I have to got to market to purchase headphone.After Using  10 days my review =Pros-----1.Best phone under 20k with impressive metalic body.2.Very smooth and fantastic performance.3.battery runs full day on moderate to heavy use.Cons--Camera quality is not so good including flashlight :(Rest is best ;) I would highly recommend this phone..'Everything is good enough except sound quality...... Some unwanted sound is coming from speaker once listen music in loud voiceExcellent product, But the camera quality needs to be improved.  I am sure Xioami will release the update for Camera very soonPro1. Nice metal body gives premium look & feel2.Very fast phone indeed. One can play big games without any lag3. One can install any nos of apps without sencond thought4. Finger print looks great without any lag5. Great batrery backup. Lasts more than a day with single chargeCons1.Heats up a bit while on charging2.Proximity sensor seems to have some issues. Screen light doesnt always go off while on call3. Camera is good,but not best. Sometimes pictures blurd while night shooting.It's very nice phone and battery life is great. I am a moderate user it stands for me more than a day. accelerometer sensor had some problem initially after a manual calibration it was good now.No lagging issues noticed till now even on heavy games like ashpalt8, etc..Really VFM for it specs and metal design. Love it!!!!In short, the best phone for a budget under 15k. Excellent battery life, brilliant display, responsive touch,  easy multitasking. I have faced no heating issues since i applied an update as soon as I got hold of the phone. Speakers have nice sound clarity although it gets muffled a bit if kept on a soft surface. Call  quality is great. Only drawback that comes to mind is miui ram management couldve been better.Superb package in this range. Awsm MIUI .. awsm hardware.. plus superb performance. In short a budget phone with latest technology and unlimited features. Using for 1 week and just loving it. :) no issues with battery and npo performance issues. amazing screen clarity and touch is very sensitive. Go for this phone without any doubt..I like it. Good product and got it in amazon deals after trying for 4 weeks. luckily i got one in 16 GB and one in 32 GB. Gifted it to mom and sis for mothers day. I tried the product. Its good, the sound, the clarity, the touch, the feel, the speed. Charging is not as fast as they says in the manual. But still its ok. looks i expect too much about that. browsing is nice, using apps are great. heating up of phone while playing games continuously for more than 1 hr happens but still u can see Antutu scores which is somehow better than other phones. Metal finishing is nice. i ordered both gold color but i wanted one in silver which i couldn't get in the deal. Camera quality is not upto my expectation. I used samsung GS3 before and love the camera in it. But this is not good in low light. Front camera is ok too. honestly camera is just OK for me for this price, means i expect a better quality. Thats y 4 stars. :)Phone luks great from every angle,  not heavy as i expected.  Build quality great,  not tested the display cos its a laminated glass,  gud to have a tempered glass.Fingerprint  sensor works like a  charmSpeaker sounds gudCamera quality not that great.  This phn is not for camera loversSome issues with software side hope xiaomi resolve as soon possible.Battery is great.  Tested with continuos 10 hrs with wifi connectivity, you tube videos, fb,  whatsapp, downloads, calling etc,  still got 40 percent battery remaining.  We can increase battery life with inbuilt battery saving functions.Automatic brightness is not functioning properlyIn sunlight can't see properly hope xiaomi solve thos problem as soon as possible.If anyone want to buy this phn then go ahead but don't  regret  after purchase due to software side issues.1star less due to software issuesOnly initial views - the build is fantastic, battery is awesome. But the sound quality is very ordinary and haven't got impressed with the phone yet. Also, the MIUI is pretty bad - even to do a simple thing like switching the location on, I had to google quite a bit and find a way, which is so simple in a stock android phone.GOOD :1.Very good battery backup, under normal usage for business purpose of 3 hours talktime in a day, 24 hours active Wi-fi and internet access,Whats app and other social media and SMS usage it is consuming 55-60% battery only which is excellant.2. Camera quality is okay, anyway i am not very enthusiastic photographer.3.HD screen quality is good.4.Fingerprint sensor working good.5.decent preloaded apps not consuming much space.6.32GB is good internal memory with 3GB RAM.BAD :1. Voice quality of receiver is not that great.2. Microphone/speaker is not good may be for my phone as other complaining voice breakage although i am in 100% network coverage area with screen showing full signal.3. FM is not receiving signal properly.4.Should have 2 sims and 1 micro SD card slot. RAM should be expandable upto 128 MB atleast.Awesome phone in the range of 12k.I have bought 32gb model.Which is perfect for me.Great camera quality.  Rapid fingerprint scanner. Awesome and bright display.Gaming is absolutely perfect.Im playing nova3 1-2 hour daily and there is no lag.Fully satisfied with this. Go for it.Amazing Experience while using Xiaomi.Big things come in short Packets. #proved_by_ Xiaomi.Nice Looks.VERY SMOOTH AND FAST DON'T ANY PROBLEM WILL FAST AND EADSY SMARTPHONE. I LIKI IT. SAME SAMSUNG GALAXY NOTE-3 LOOK THIS MOBILE PHONE...I got it on first flash sale. The phone is awesome with great specs. looks wise it is premium class handset. Camera is a bit low point on this phone.games like nova 3 fifa 15 are smoothly playable at high graphics mode. Sound from speaker is good but not comparable with Lenovo vibe x3. Finger print scanner works like a charm. Battery is excellent and you can easily make it with 1.5 to 2 days on heavy usage. Really loving itMust say, worth of every penny you spend on the phone and also on Amazon. So after ordering, got the phone within just two days. Brilliant delivery system by Amazon. Keep it up. And about the phone, just out of this world. For a power user like me, one single charge lasts more than a day, almost 7.5 hours of screen on time. No heating issues, only it gets warm while gaming and sometimes while charging, that is so manageable. MI UI is just so advanced. Liked it. They can improve few bugs here and there. Must say they can be ignored. Only con i can say is Camera performance in artificial light. It is average. Again you shouldn't expect wonders in 12k. I am not that greedy, i have a dslr which does that work. Again if you have around 60K, then buy an iphone :), if not !! then buy this one, you won't regret.But yes Amazon should stop this flash sell. It only forces the user to go and buy some other phone. I have tested almost all the functionalities, only need to check the dual sim stuff. So will update soon. So grab this soon.After using it for 4 days it seems to do justice with my opinion of buying it although i was never a fond of Chinese company ( but made in INDIA as it shows).But having two Chinese oriented best smartphones( another Oppo F1), my views, like every other Indian, has definitely changed.I haven't faced any technical problems with it till now and it is quite excellent with performance though some users have given critical reviews about technical failures. Don't know the exact reasons behind it.The Camera, as it boasts 16MP on paper but don't go with it. Not to criticize about it but pictures taken from my oppo F1(13MP) has the same clarity like it and in low light (without flash) has disappointed me. But not to forget redmi note 3 32gb is 2-3k cheaper than oppo F1.Gaming in this phone won't give u any chance to regret about the extra bucks u shelled out. Traffic Rider, Dead Trigger 2, Asphalt 8 airborne etc will run smoothly.The RAM on average is 1.4-1.5 gb free off 3gb with normal use..it's only 1.8-2gb when you reboot.My disappointment is only with the screen guard which was already given with it. I don't know whether it's the fault of Amazon or the seller or the company, who foolishly covered the Front Camera also...and every thing is blurred out there. Now i have to purchase it from MI store and remember it won't give u any earphones also. I have also ordered iPaky premium case for protection as it really looks premium on Redmi note 3 gold.Verdict: I highly recommend to buy this phone to those who are in search of performance and features at this range rather than showing off the Logo of Hi-fi companies.PS: The battery backup is awesome.It does heat while charging but feels mostly because of it's metallic body.Best mobile at this price range. I compare it with lot of mobile at this price range like, Lenovo Vibe K4 note, Le 1S, Huwai Honour 5X, but this mobile far much better than rest. I bought this mobile in in 4th May flash sell & using almost a week. Here are some pros & Cons I found.Pros:1. Excellent design & Shape2. Display quality is awesome3. As it has Snapdragon 650 hexacore processor, performance of device is really best4. Ram management is better, I always found above 1gb ram available for average use5. Most significant aspect is its battery, as it has massive 4050mAh battery it last for almost two days for average use once it fully charged.6. Camera quality is good7. Fingerprint sensor working good after Xiomi provide update for fingerprint scanner. Now I can lock my 3rd party apps & system apps with  using fingerprint scanner also you can click photos using same.8. It provide MIUI 7 update which is good.9. Device has IR blaster which is working well with almost all IR devices. So we can use device as a remote controller.10. Call quality, Signal strength is awesome11. MIUI provide high customizationCons:1. Slight heavy for use when we use back cover & screen guard otherwise good2. device heats slightly while heavy use3. Sound quality of speaker is not much louder but in headphone it is bestI prefer this mobile for the users who wants performance as well as quality.I bought this phone in June 1 open sale and got delivery yesterday. I have did initial testing on the features. All are working excellent.Cons:Phone is little heavySound is little low.But considering the features and battery backup these can be ignored. Worth for the priceamazon delivers such good product and i m happy with it .phone performance is extraordinary and its too fast compare to latest budget smartphones available in market currently .its snapdragon 650  chipst works so fast and its touch id accurate and just press the touch id and u unlock the device .Just an awesome mobile.. Thank u Amazon and xiaomi for this wonderful product.. Worth to buy this mobile... :)Amazing phone. I really got the same what I had needed.It full fill my all requirements. And the price is absolutely perfect.Great product but there are certain issues which I'll like to highlight.PROS:1. Looks and feels good2. Great speed3. Expendable memory4. Fingerprint sensor is great and works beautifully. You can create multiple profiles.CONS:1. Heats up very quickly2. The supplied charger has a very small pins and the charger stopped working within a week. The charge light starts blinking when the supplied charger is plugged-in. Since there is no authorised service center in my city, I'll have to wait till I go there.3. Phone hangs in between even when no app is open. You simply try to unlock the phone and it will not respond. This seems more like a software glitch which should be easily fixed.4. No earphones provided. It is a standard accessory across all phones and should have been bundled.Best phone in low price and its better then samsung. I have purchased this phone to replace my Grand 2 phoneBEWARE: Don't buy this product, poor quality....less than 1 month screen got damaged while it was in the pocket. No mishandling of the phone but screen turned black. Approached the service centre and was told that I have to pay for the screen.....poor quality product with intention fool its customer....I intend to take it to consumer court....pros:good display panelgood audio via headset(to be purchased seperately)awesome performance for the priceawesome battery backupall sensors work finefingerprint scanner is lightening fastcons:camera is averageaudio output via speaker is lowslippery must buy a back cover to avoid dropsI m writing this aft using this device from last 10 days... I love everything about my phone be it mi store, themes, battery, camera... Read many nagative reviews still i have made up my mind to take dat risk... But after using it, I have not even a single problem with this device... Go for it guys... Dont think too much, its not dat costly...Have purchased this beast of a phone last thursday.I must say this a bang for the BUCK! You simply cannot blame this phone in any category.Only disappointment is the camera is not upto the mark in terms of selfie.Otherwise its perfect.PS: The battery lasts even more than 2 days in some conditions. Usually it lasts 1.5 days easily.It is a good product from xiaomi. The best thing I loved about it is IR blaster, which is available only in mobiles over 30K price tag. No issues with the mobile. I love this mobile.One suggestion: It would be better if Xiaomi provides Moto G like user interface for buttons instead of MIUI.There are network and connectivity issues with this phone. Even after the MIUI update it does not work. the update said it would fix connectivity issues, but that also did not work....now it is a white elephant in the drawer. Others can not reach the phone (not reachable) or it will say phone is busy.Product is awsome. But battery is getting heat while browsing. Camera is not look like as 16 mp resolution.Let me tell you first this phone is the best you can get under 12k.Camera both front and back are awesomePerforamnce is smooth for an average user like meThe best thing is its battery life. For me its going for a dayCons- i didnt like hybrid slot concept at all. Its only a 32gb variant and its not enough for me.I have got this product after five days of order,reale this is best mobile from mi in budget,good display,call quality,speaker sound for multimedia,and best all of them battery backup,for whole day average uses battery remain from 100% to go 50%,i m  hard user of multimidea so donot warry go for itGreat Battery backup.......superb performance and best specification at this price range...just go for it.Since I am happy to use this device ,but best in all feature except applock and truecaller application not working so MI person give solution for this problem,gorilla glass also not there in phone.,heating nothing in phone after an update.little bit in every phone some heating problem is there so you can go with some exceptionsGot the gold 3gb 32gb in the open sale. Value for money smart phone at 11998. Buy Ipacky cover and a nice glass protector, you can also buy MI protect from mi service centers for 550 for this device. Update the device as soon as u get it. No heating problem encountered at all. The phone is quite attractive and feels classy for its price. MIUI is excellent, do install peel remote application for using it as a universal remote. The camera is nice, u can click pictures using fingreprint sensor after the update. Fingreprint sensor is pretty fast. Notification light is also a nice feature. Front camera is a bit concern in low light conditions but an update can fix this issue.To sum it up .The best phone out there for this price easily outperforms le eco, k4note and also samsung j7overall great product.fingerprint sensor works pretty well. No performance issues so far and no heating issues.Only problem I found is weak signal reception, areas where other smartphones pick 1 or 2 bars of signal xiaomi just gives up and that is a big problem.Just received the Note 3 Redmi - feels good , haven't had enough time to give a review . But that cheap " self declaration "paper sticker stuck on the back side ruins the look of the handset.- Can I remove it, or it is supposed to be on it for whatever reasons ?After using almost 1 month it's a nice mobile even I use game for 1 gb and it's work perfectlyOn time delivery, genuine product, the box contains only Phone and Charger, no other accessory provided by Xiaomi.Everything seems good about the phone apart from average front and rear cams. Battery backup is really strong, easily lasts 2 days for average users.I'm using redmi note 3 ,32gb about 22 days.Although its quite good in this price range.while charging there is a big HEATING issue. Even the CHARGER also.Same as while using internet for 10-20 mints continuously.Can anyone tell me the solution?Five Star for 32GB......!!!  & Three Star for 16GB......!!!..........So buy only 32 gb....!!!very much satisfied with the phone ... delivers as says .. but one very big disappointment .. camera ... i mean .. mi4i has much much much better camera dan dis one and nt to be mistaken .. even redmi 2 has a better camera dan dis one m. camera is a piece of s*** ..I ordered 32 GB Gold version yesterday (4th May 2016), and I got it today at 11 am, not even 24 hours. And Amazon service is amazing as always. I was expecting the mobile to be bulky and heavy, but its designed in very nice way. It's compact and light. My old mobile which is 5 inch size, is almost identical with this one in terms of length or width. I am just checking different options and it is connected to WiFi, and screen is continuously ON, but I am noticing any heat or warmness in  the mobile. I have not yet put sim card. I will update the review after installing some games, and sim card. One thing I agree, Rear Camera does not look like 16 MP, especially in low light condition, but it is not bad. Front camera is decent enough. 1.6 to 1.8 GB Ram free. MiUi is very user friendly, simple, loved it. (my first xiaomi mobile).Great performance by Redmi Note 3.  I am in doubt whether I should purchased it or not.  I have seen many reviews on Amazon.  I think people are posting fake reviews to misguide.  Only selfie with fingerprint sensor is missing.  Good Battery life.  No heating problem while charging.Amazing device and so far i'm extremely happy user. Battery backup is pretty amazing stands for 2-3 days(basic usage only). Interface and usability all are stunning. I love it.The delivery was quick, thank you amazon and Mi for the 'Adipoli'(awesome) device.Iam very interested to buy  redmi note 3 32 GB gold in colour I register the same  n waiting to buy this on 25th May for 1hr Unfortunately I didn't got even in waitlist.Iam trying n seeing everyday bt they don't know when stock available or not.So kindly suggest.Best Part - Awesome Battery Life, no need to worry about charging it again & againGood Part - Beautiful Design, no lags, fast fingerprint.Not so good part - The phone is big. Difficult for single hand operation.Bad Part - Camera is sub-standard.The phone itself is superb, good performance, no lags and everything works well. However, 3 Stars as it does not work with Airtel 4G.  As soon as I activated Airtel 4G SIM, my phone became unreachable for calls, though I was able to connect to internet at 4G speeds.  I am able to do outgoing calls, no incoming calls, callers get  "out of reach" or "switched off" etc.  Changing the network type to "2G only" solves the issue, but I get 2G speeds only :-(. I suspected it to be a network issue, but it is extensively discussed here, seems to be a phone issue:[...]What is appalling is that neither Airtel not MI have a solution to this yet, nor interested to find one.So, if you are a Airtel 4G user or intend to be one, stay away for the moment.phone takes a lot of time to connect to internet. Also auto-contrast doesn't work properly.Excellent smartphone i loved itit comes with all features which are nowadays requiredI will claim this piece of happiness as the best deal you can get at the price offered. If you are expecting this to stand beyond what people have complained here in several reviews, then please raise up your budget and go for the phones that come beyond 20k or so. This phone is happiness. The colour resolution is too good. I loved the front cam, beyond my expectations but the rear cam is not up to 16mega pixel expectations. Though I am a man with lesser needs but still I woulf suggest go for it guys....12k is nothing considering what we have paid for the bigger brands and have been utterly disappointed. This is a fair deal....and the fingerprint sensor is butter smooth.... You will love it. Next flash sale on 4th may....jump for it fellasExcellent phoneReally happy with its performanceOnly disappointment is cameraDelevered in 3 days..its awesome...awesome phone in this range... worth ur money.. what i need in my phone, everything i got wid redmenote3..without any doubt go for it.. only one problem i face..too much hot during charging..but battery backup is good..First of all i would like thanks to amazon for fast delivery... I got a redmi note 3 in flash sale on may 11. Phone performance is really awesome. But lot of bugs in miui 7...battery backup is upto 2days(Normal usage like 5hrs of wifi, calls, sms, clash of clans, watching videos).Only a problem in xiomi rn3  is heating issue while charging,it reaches upto 43deg. No heating issue during internet surfing, calls and gaming.Another one problem i noticed on may 23,proximity and gyroscopic sensor not working properly after updated to 7.3.2 LHOMIDD global.Camera is average. If u r a camera lovers, go for oppo mobiles. Finally its worth for money... I am waiting for miui8 updates to rectify their bugs in rn3 monster..I bought two phones with 16 GB and 32 GB memory, both of them working fine as featured, and battery power is good. Also it looks elegant golden one specially, the finger print sensor works fine. All over a good phone in reasonable price.Received the phone on 13th May.The phone was in Defected condition,volume rocker wasn't working.So had to put it in Replacement.No idea how long would it take to get the new one.And hope this time it will be in proper working condition.Very good phone,but camera could have been improved, performance is very good!!!Amazing product! With no complaints.. No heat..no lag! Technology at its best :)For the past 2 years I have been using xiaomi products and it has never let me down so it's continue with redmi note 3.For the price range of 12K this handset is of exceptional great hardware and build. I'm not gonna review for long essay. Simple and crisp.U feel great while showing the golden version it reflect a premium feel. The only thing let me down because I use lesser weight of MI4i. So holding redmi note 3 is bit quite heavy or else no issue.If you are gamer geek u would probably know everything gets heat due to graphics of game so don't blame handset if it gets heated.Ha..  Quick charge would be great but charging 4000 mah required quite long time.Awesome phone in this price.Anyone who is hesitating to buy this phone(due to any reason) Can buy this phone with no doubt.It's the best and the only site to order the phone.The phone experience is great. That's it.Feeling proud owner of Mi products :1.Mi Note 32.Mi Headphone pro3.Mi Power Bank 20000 mAhwhat a deadly combination of these three 3 products by Mi..I am loving it......You guys have gone through many previous reviews so i not going to tell u pros and cons but believe me guys you won't feel regret after holding note 3 in your hand..I am using these product since last one month and did not get any noticeable cons for a average user..If you guys have any question regarding these products ,feel free to ask,i m ready to help you guys to make a good decision..ThanksFeels great in the hand... Build quality is nice. Fingerprint scanner is fast and accurate... Haven't had a single miss till now.Phone is fast and smooth.. I had a meizu m2 note and had been used to micro stutters and janks... No such thing here... Flows smoothly.Haven't gamed on this yet.. Not much of a gamer.. Just looking for a rock solid daily driver.Camera's average. Miui's RAM management is as bad as they all say.. Get the 3gb versionBattery seems good - haven't tested extensively yet... Will be glad if I can go for 2 days without charging!Gets warm while cheesing but otherwise remains cool to touch.I bought xaomi at risk, whether I found that it really a great phone. No lags and works much much faster. Heats only when charging due to heavy battery and fast charging otherwise there is no sign of heating.Great product.I love this phone... Trying to get my hands on this device for more then a month now... but not able to get so far... they sale very less quantity every time that i am unable to add it to my cart... It has been said that there were 8.5 lacs registrations for this device for the first sale. and i think still that demand has not been fulfilled. If u dont have stock then it is better not to open sale for 2-3 weeks. Open the sale when you actually have stock. I have tried with the best connections available to me. Tried 4g, 3g, Broadband, Direct LAN Connection, wifi, etc. I tried from all platforms also (Laptop/PC/Mobile). The failed attempt to add the product into the card has made me a bit irritated and I am feeling that I might loose interest in buying the phone if the same goes for 1 or more week. There are so many competitions in the market right now that everyday new technology has been introducing. Recently LeEco 2 has been launched in china and it will be coming to India on May 12. It is more upgraded than xiaomi Redmi note 3. It is a tough competition for Xiaomi Redmi Note 3. If those people made this available at comfort then the Xiaomi might loose their market share in India. "It can be said that your product is not good if more people are registering to buy for it, It is good if you are able to fulfill the demand for the product."i hv recently bought this phone 32gb model every thing is fine but i am having an issue since i update this device latest miui i think that its acceleration sensor does,t work fine when i am playing any game ( mostly racing ) the game pausing itself randomly if any body hv solution pls provideThe phone is very good. Looks great in my hand. Overall very impressive performance specially the fingerprint lock. Some heating problem but it's not very high so I'll be OK with that. Thanks xiomi to build such device..Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 provides excellent packages for just 12,999/-The build quality of Redmi Note 3 feels like premium quality just like Xiaomi Mi3. The battery life is really awesome. It lasts 1.5 to 2 days in normal/moderate usage. And Fingerprint unlocking is really quick!Pros :Excellent Performance phone.Better battery backupBetter build qualityFingerprint sensorIR blasterValue for MoneyCons :Average Camera (indoor pictures are not that great even low light).Heavy Android User InterfaceSlow OTA updates. I don't know when Android 6.0 will be released for RN3.It is not supporting 3G. Even if 3g is active, it is supporting 2g networkOnly issue is heating while charging & interest usesOtherwise best..The product is just awesomeYou can go for it without any doubts.Have been using it for more than 20 days, no issues, just it heats a bit while charging and some heavy gaming.In spite of those issues the camera, finger print sensor, display, performance and everything is just as promised by Xiaomi.Multitasking is fun with this device.Altogether, Good mid-range high end smartphone.For music lovers, go for the in ear headphones available at the Xiaomi Site at just Rs.500. Get it here at [...]Those earphones are the perfect match for this phone.No words about this mobile.just go with this blindly.Battery backup is Marvless.No heating issues is there.Dont believe others reviews.Stunning mobile phone for just 12k.!!  Trust me... I was also one of u before buying... Going through all  tech reviews online and customer reviews over here.  I was so convinced by what I read especially by tech experts on various websites and also by most of the reviews over here that I couldn't find a better one.Once I got my hand on this beauty,  it just seems maginificent for such a low price.  Its been 2 weeks now and I m tat person who runs almost 100 Apps on the background with push notifications and playing coc every 10-15 mins.  I can't find much of a problem with this mobile so far.JUST GO FOR IT...!!!I am using this mobile for from 22nd may'16. Till now i am not getting any problem. I am play games doing internet for long time. But have not got any truble. This mobile is very fast in my broadband wifi connection.Earlier i bought 16 gb varriant and replaced it because, within 24 hrs my phone stoped working and it was giving heating issue. Then in my replacement piece as soon as i insert my headphone  random google speach option starts and it start lagging...  when i visit customer care i came to know there are lot of complain comming in redimi note 3 . Company should stop fooling its customer , 1st by that annoying flash sales and then by selling such problamatic handsetsHi,I bought Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (Gold, 32GB) during sale on 27th April and got my phone on 1st MayI don't understand why people are complaining about this product. My phone is working absolutely fine . Its been 2 weeks I am using this phone and I am very happy with this phone .- Finger touch is working fine ,it works 9 out of 10 times . Application lock on finger touch is just amazing- Battery is pretty good . I use mobile data whole day in office and wifi at home ,it gets drained from 100% to 25% in 24 hours- During charging or during a call I don't feel any kind of heating- Processor speed is good . No lags while playing games like Asphalt .- Camera is good only in sunlight and not in dark ,  but that is manageable in a 12k product .- Last but not the least Gold color of the phone is just so classy .Its a best buy in this range .I got this phone after 2 month. Every week I tried but not successful but booked in sale of 11th May and got in hand on 16th. This is awesome phone. battery backup is huge. Love itUI is good, battery i will give it 9 out of 10, no heating issue as hear by many review site, no lagging, smooth performance, display quality is good but not superb as it is measuring for full hd, sound quality is also little bit more than okay, but camera is only satisfactory. specially selfie camera disappoint me a little and there is  no more option to filter and edit for make customized selfie. Overall purchase is not bad decision. If u have a budget of 12k it is best available in the market till now.... otherwise time always give big reward.Tottaly worth th eprice tag.Everything seems to be great ,the only thing which could be improved is the hybrid sim slot and the expandable stoarge Rest all is just the best.Great phone.Feel awesome in hand.Battery backup very good, its give you more than 1 days decent usage.If you are a heavy user it will give you 15 hrs usage that enough for a 5.5 display smartphone.Camera quality is average and I knew it before order so no regrets at all. But day lights and proper lights images are sharp.And best part of this phone is zero heating issue, yes you heard right ZERO heating issue.. I pushed it enough to test heating issue but found normal warm which is absolutely ok.Really  happy with Redmi note 3 amazing  phone thanks amazon battery  was so good  2 hours  WiFi use only 9% off battery  loss from 100%All feature  are good perfect  phoneI bought the most awaited phone "Redimi Note 3" from amazon on 4th May 2016, Since then i am not able to finish a single call without any interruption. This handset is lacking in very basic feature of a phone and that is to receive and to make a call. I am facing the below mentioned issue:-1. The call drop is a network provider issue i understand that but,  this handset has a very unique problem, suddenly the other person can't hear me for few seconds in between a call,  and this happens in every single call i make or i receive.i have to say hello, hello for may times, need to switch places, like a fool and then after 5-7 seconds suddenly it got corrected and then after some time same problem.I am sure that this problem is related to handset only not with the network as everything was ok when i was using earlier handset.Awesome phone...loved it shutter speed is killer...am sure u guys also gonna love this...extra customization features are also amazing :)a thums up fr both mi and the phoneI bought silver on the Flash sales. Nice, Elegant Phone. I don't want to give any negative comments for this product. I am using Remi Note 2 for the past 1 and half years with out any major issues. Note 3 is upgraded version in terms of Aesthetics, metal body, Processor and few extra functions. Note 3 uses same UI  and it's very much user friendly.. Heating is not an issue here. Every Android gets heated up. Product is  very much better than Samsung ( I used Galaxy series & Note 2). Close your eyes and go for it. Silver is the better option.Writing this review after 5 days of usage!Biggest reason to buy this phone is price to performance ratio.1. Biggest plus point is battery life.Battery life is outstanding! Battery last for a day easily in 5 days I plugged the charger only 3 times. The screen on time I get was 7-8hrs. I heavily use YouTube, WhatsApp, Hike etc. and my wifi was on full day. Though I m not a gamer so I didn't tested games.I will give 10 out of 10 for battery but lack of fast charging :( nearly 3hrs it took me to charge from 0-100 but frst 50% take only 1 hr.2. Built quality.Built quality is higher than its price. Metal feels good but it's not grippy.3. Display.Display is very crisp and saturation is very good and in direct sunlight it is much more visible.4. Camera.I'm not that much happy about camera is very good in bright light and close up shots are also very good but photos look little washed out and in low light it struggles alot.5. Fingerprint and IR blaster.Fingerprint scanner is very very accurate and fast (If u register it correctly)IR blaster works with peel remote app and works good.No heating problems, call quality is very good, speaker is adequately loud and everything works well except fingerprint touch to take selfie and fingerprint to unlock apps but it will be there in next update so no worries.Conclusion:Don't hesitate just buy it.I have using it from 2 daysAmazing Back camera , Front camera goodGood battery backupNice designNo heating issue. Only heats at the time of charging.camera sucks , make in india lost the quality, i have mi note 3g , the camera is better while it is only 13mp and this one has 16mp. Specs great but now overprices as i am saying this after holding the phone. Doesnt look like one good thing. Just avg looking. No dedicated micro sd slot. Now it seems as if MI xiaomi is behaving like typical orthodox brands. Rest all fine. Delivery fair. Packaging fair. Performance good. No lags. Screen looks dull in colours as compared to note 3g. Tried tweaking brightness , Doesn't help at all.Just Awesome Phone.... It's a Steal-Deal ..... With recent updates (on Camera and other sensors) it is performing even better....!!Go for it without a second thought.waited so long for this beast!!!. finally got lucky on 27th and received on 30th... Thanks amazon for quicker delivery than promised.first impressions:Superfast, Supersexy, Really the Beast it is.... Awesome design, great display, shifting between apps so fast, fingerprint scanner works fine, thumbs up to batteryWill post another review after 15 days of use.PS : I was tempted to buy LE 1S in frustration coz i couldnt get this one even after 6 tries, but i think it was worth waiting....Its just 24 hrs since I have received the phone. look wise the phone is amazing. Its too early to say something about the performance. but one things that I can say for sure is that the battery backup is great. Fully charged the phone in the morning and its still going strong with 76% battery with normal use, but one thing that I have noticed is that the fingerprint scanner doesn't work all the time. I have  to swipe up and draw the pattern to unlock the phone. Can anyone help me out with this...? Thank you in advance (y)This is an amazing phone and has taken care of all my battery woes. Outstanding performance and the best I have ever bought. Buying it during the sale was a pain though.Best phone at this price range.It plays all the heavy games like NOAH 3,GTA san andreas.The display is so crisp plays FullHD videos flawlessly.The only drawback is the rear camera  is not up to the expected level.Otherwise close your eyes and go for itI think i made it clear. Could you imagine an android device lasting over 2 days of heavy usage without charge? Mine lasts about 3 days with normal use! And this does not affect its performance at all.MIUI7 outshines all other launchers. It shows what themes should really be, not just a collections of backgrounds and colors, but a new way to operate the device.Overall, as awesome device at a cheap price. You would be foolish if you pay higher for an android device expecting it to be better than this.Everything except the camera is great on this phone. Build quality,screen, finger print scanner,processing power, RAM, ROM are more than adequate for any user. I wish the camera had been a bit better. It takes decent shots outdoor, but indoor quality is not good. But at this price point, the phone is a steal. Stellar battery life adds icing on the cake. I recommend this phone to all my friends looking for a new phone. Except for a better camera, there's no need to look for another phone at even double the price range.Gud phones but has many bugs... i have used phone for about 2 days ... heats alot while charging and hangs while multi tasking... poor results form great expectation...Network issues, frequent call drops. Initially was good, but later on it hangs lot.  All in all, not a good choice, expecting any update from Xiaomi to fix thisThe screen colors are very inaccurate. I ran a comparision suitr for color reproduction with 4 other phones side by side. Redmi 3 had the worst colors. I thought i may have received a defective piece, so i requested for replacement, which Amazon gave in 2 days (brilliant service). But the new phone had same issues in colOrs. Also, my friend bought the same model from Mi Store, his color reproduction is better ( though not great). This issue really spoiled my experience og an otherwise great phoneGot this phone in flash sale in my first attempt  only. Very fast delivery  by Amazon. Overall it's an excellent phone in this price range only disappointment is the camera and display. No way it is 16mp! Rest will come to know with usage. I haven't faced any heating problem as mentioned by some users. Sound quality  is excellent!I purchased this particular product 2 weeks back.i am not completely  satisfied with redmi note 3.initially when i opened the box there was a sticker mark on the back of my phone which took me hours to remove it.camera hasnt lived up to the expectation,that too when its a 16mp camera.Weight is heavier when u compare it to the lenovo mobiles.sound system is pretty good.fingerprint is one of the best feature in this mobile.overall its ok if this your first smartphone,else you will be dissapointed.I am using MI3 (first phone from Xiaomi in India) and It is still awesome. I thought to purchase RN3 and after many trying many Flash Sale, I got one and it came with bundle of bugs in it's software/hardware. I din't expected it from such big company,  Some bugs I listed below:- Heating Problem (Most of people are facing)- Voice breaking and low voice during call( callers get mow and breaking voice from my side.)- The weird one- Whenever I slid my phone inside my pocket, It vibrates during walk, at each step I take- it vibrates.Finally I have asked for replacement let see. Even delivery guys said he is collecting 2 to 3 RN3 phones daily for return.Never Loose hope  :) .. I kept waiting every Wednesday 2pm nd finally today atlast was successful in my attempt.. O:) ..happpyyy happpyyy :D wooohooooo. .. Guys it's truly been stated nd it's Fact Regarding "NEVER LOOSE HOPE" you ll get to see a brighter side definitely one day..:)Great design and performance. Metallic finish adds a certain flair to the beautifully crafted product. No regrets till now. However I was a little bit disappointed with the packaging as the external bubble wrap was completely deflated and the internal xiaomi box had dents around the edges. Thanks to Xiaomi my phone did survive because of the durability of the phone box. I am giving 5 star because of the product and 1.5 star for the packaging. Amazon's delivery service was as usual top notch.Okay, not bad. Using it for last 2 weeks. 8gb wasted for unwanted preinstalled apps. It's always shows 1.5gb ram only available even after closing all apps even though it's 3gb.Pros:Price is goodMetallic bodyNo struck for me so farCons:Poor back cameraMore preinstalled apps32gb space, but available around 26gb onlyRam 3gb, but it's always shows 1.5gb availableVery low sound on speaker and not that much sound clarityHi. I have bought Xiomi redmi note 3. Before 1 month. I am happy with the performance. Battery is good. Camera clarity is good. Selfie OK. Browsing is good.Nice mobile with good specs,but I am worried about accessibility of service centres,because it has a internal battery as it may need replacement in between.Within one month of purchase I have started getting problems1- Screen gets locked if on call, till the opposite person ends the call it doesn't unlocks.I think the problem is with some sensors as this problem occurs when holding the mobile near to the ear.2- Fingerprint sensor is also having problem. Sometimes placing finger on the sensor unlocks and then agin locks the screen.Didn't expected problems this early. Really disappointed :(.Using this phone for a week and it is really worth to buy this phone at this price. It gives a killer  battery life with around 1 to 1.5 day usage with around 10 hrs of SOT,which is amazing specially with Full HD display and Heavy MIUI. Camera performance is over Par, not the best but it's more then sufficient at at this price segment. Phone does get heats up while charging (around 42 to 45)but that's case of all metal body phone.... Trully Recommended....!!not a good phone.  Failed to fulfill the expectations.  bad camera,  heating and hanging probkem and not so fast as it should since they are claiming 1. 8 GZH processor.  i gifted this phone to my wife after a several attempt in online sale and when i got it it didnot impressed me at all.  May be i have  better phone than this.  i purchased letv 1s which is far better than this phone in terms of speed and looks.  Amazon and  redmi has just created a hype in the market otherwise its an average product.  today when i complained about this set amazon staff say im not eligible for return or replacenent as it is applicable till 10 days once delivery is made.  this phone has no reset button and finds very difficult to when it get hanged.  now i will have to run around to service center for the repair.  My sugfestion is once you have doubt abot this product performance,  pls return it within 10 days.the overall package is good. excellent phone with all necessary requirement in a phone. light weight and good looking. xiaomi should include more function to fingerprint scanner. now after an update( i updated on 3-5-16) scanner can be used for unlocking the phone and for app lock too. no heating after using a day. 3gb RAM is wonderful as no lag in any operation. there should be individual slot for memory card as it use hybrid slot for sim 2 and memory card.Awesome phone in terms of specs. Camera is not as expected but rest of the features are awesome, specially battery backup and fingerprint sensor.My redmi note 3 mobile getting  to much of heat within 5 mints while calling,watching photos and videos. Am really disappointed with this issue.A very good smartphone in the budget categoryIt has heating issue and It has network connectivity problem and I am facing voice disturbance problem when incoming or outgoing calls are madeMerits:-1-Extra Ordinary Looking.2- Fast Processing.3-Good Front Camera4-Finger Printing option.5-Good battery  Back up.Demerits:-1-Heating problem:- When it's in charging it radiate so many energy,So It is heating so much in charging time.2-Slow Charging :- It's Charging very slow,it take more than 1 hour  to full charged.3-No earphone is Provided.4-Complicated way of inputting Sim & Sd Card.Heavy Network issue is there. I Was check different mobile in same place , but very poor network in Redmi  note3. should me check Network ChipNice device with quite features, it's look will make you feel that it's premium phone which is high end.Pro'sFast connection in terms of net(wifi tested only)Brightness goodFast unlocking of phone as well as apps by finger print.camera is good which you'll rarely find in such price range.Ir system is also one of them.No such heating issue except while charging,Honestly not yet checked on heavy games.ConsCharging problem (although not sure if it's major one or not) it stops charging sometimes and takes lot of time to charge.One hand system lagsCamera is good but don't expect good pics in low light sometimes quality may differ too.This review is based on two days experience and will be updatedIn sale on June 1st I booked Redmi Note3 with 3 GB,32 GB model but received model with 2GB,16 GB.  Amazon should not cheat like this.awesome phone just loved itgood display battery backup is good.attractive.does not hangcamera quality is goodGood phone  build quality is awesome.  Very light in feel.  Miui is superb.  Phone never got hanged.camera is really good.  For close up shots it works really well. Decent colour reproduction  and details in image. Never get warmed.  Battery life is excellent. Expect more updates for camera. Out of 3gb rams always get more than 1.2gb ram free with much installed apps.  Able to shot 4k videos using Google camera app at 26fps.This is the best phone u can get under 15,000. I would like to tell u that those who are saying that the front camera is blurred are wrong u just have to remove the protector type layer and same goes for rear camera and fingerprint sensor.Performance: 10/10Camera: 9/10 because the photo gets blurred easilyMIUI: 10/10Fingerprint sensor: 10/10U should just go for it. It is worth waiting for.Dont buy this product ,the camera is very bad quality it shoots images like VGA camera .Dont buy this product ,the camera is very bad quality it shoots images like VGA camera .I returned the product and amazon still not providing the refund .Dont buy any product from Amazon very bad service and products a i think refurbursed or cheap quality .i am completely disappointed with the way Amazon is handling my case. This merely creates frustration in buyers when they are betrayed like this.Amazon customer support executives are idiots and proving false statement to customerI am very much disappointed and the worst service and the experience with AMAZON.Flipkart is always better for online shoping experience ,there customer support is very good for co-ordination .Redmi Note 3 is simply Awesome!! Everything is cool except camera and no earphones too. AnywayThanks to Amazon for On-Time Delivery.AMAZING Amazon AND BRILLIANT REDMI NOTE 3 GOLD 32 GB ROM 3 GB RAM. EVERYTHING IS PERFECT. MI PLEASE INCLUDE EAR PHONE IN NEXT MODEL.Excellent Phone...after 10 days of using this phone..i can say value for money......if you are looking for a smart phone within 15K then don't think more you wont get better than this phone. Pros... 1)HD Display 2)Quality Camera 3) Good processor speed 4)Nice looks 5)Good battery backup, and 6)Fingerprint sensor works well. Cons...1) Little bit heavy 2)Still don't find any other its just 10 days and hope no cons in future.Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (Gold, 32GB) i need this phone when get i get purchaseIt is the best mobile with great features. As compare with price no one is provide such awesome features i like remote control app.Good best budget smartphone from mi .Battery back is too good , processing apps must better and very fast.Looking very cool .Till now the phone has functioned smoothly without any lag.Battery backup is amazing.Camera could have been much betterPhone is good but waiting time is horrible. It Took me more than 45 days to buy this phone because of this stupid Wednesday  sale.i bought Redmi Note 3, 3GB 32 GB configuration handset mainly for its 3 GB RAM but when i turned on the handset i saw 50% (i.e. 1.5 GB) of RAM is already used. then i felt sad.company says its dual sim handset with sd-card slot but its either dual sim handset or single sim with sd-card slot. because its secondary slot can be used as either sim or sd-card.Other than these, everything is ok as per its price.superb phone,,,,,,,,i liked it,,,not heat much(like lenovo k3 note)battery back also good,if u use the 4g internet and playing games normally, u ll get 1 day.so much of option are there in inbuilt.Fingerprint also working good...Camera  quality of redmi note 3 is very inferior/poor.Company intoduce 16MP rear & 5 MP front but quality of the both camera is very poor, and also 2nd highbrid  sim not working properly . It seems Rs.11998 is just gone in sewerage...Simply loved the mobile.fulfilled all the expectations with respect to processor ,camera,call clarity,touch response.fingerprint works pretty well.only problem i felt was that phone heats up while charging sometimes so hot,but the problem isn't consistent sometimes it doesn't.overall the experience was satisfactory .xiaomi should provide headsets in future with the phone as most of the companies provide at this time.The phone  is simply stunning and awesome and the features / specs are really outstanding.  it looks great as seen in pics.  this phone  is really fabulous &  impressive with  new features added which really puts up  in 10k phone ladder. Camera is good,  MI could have worked little more on camera specs to make it the best, but still it's a good show and it's one of the best of the best phone. Thus up for MI Note 3.Feedback after 3 weeks of usage...1. Performance: excellent2. Camera: Very Good. Excellent pictures in proper light condition. Average pictures in low light condition3. Figure print scanner: excellent4. Body (Gold): Very good metal body. Got a small dent in the back side after it fell from 4 feet height. So will need a back cover for protection of back and edges.Bottomline: Go for it.I'ts a very  good  mobile 32GB Gold color  for the people who were using  phone with lower specifications before  this phone,  I have just  used it for a day.Battery  is Good,  camera  is OK,  phone look is OK., performance  is Better,but heats up soon when you use 3G, even on charging you will feel the heat.  But we can't return  the phone for this reason.  I was using Motor G 1st comparatively its supreme.IR Booster is very good you can operates  ch of set off box  some TVs if u configurMany options are goodAgain after a week, it hang once with opening Google app again bottom touch didn't work I have to rebootPhone appears okay so far. Its been a couple days only. However, the charger gave problem. The phone did not charge with the charger, rather drained out. I had to charge it with a friend's charger who is having the same model. It seem to have started working after a full charge with the other charger. So need to wait and try it again. Irrespective, the charger seem to have not gone through proper quality control.Very good phone.. Built quality is awesome... Processing very fast.. Battery is also good.. You can't get better phone with 12kSuper smooth! Ui is awesome! I'm familiar with miui so it gets better!the fingerprint sensor was awesome! It's just awesome!!!!I have tried multiple times since past 3 weeks to buy this phone. When I add this phone to cart. It always shows checking deal status and nothing happens. Then the phone is out of stockAmazon need to fix their appDevice was heating up a lot during normal usage and while charging the temperature went up to 46 degree Celsius making it very very uncomfortable to handle. I searched online for solutions but couldn't find any. I think I got a defective product with a bad battery. Even the battery life wasnt up to expectations. Returned the product for replacement. Hope I get a good phone this time .Truely a super phone.Used for about 1 month. No lag and amazing performance. Would definitely recommend to buy this one.Very good phone using about 10 days . No any issue . Amazon delivery service is very good i got this products before time. ThxBody though metal it isn't that strong. I got a crack in one side. Otherwise awesome. Perfect battery backup and no hangs/bugsAmazing phone on Amazon...the picture clarity is very good and the processor also is doing fine in game mode....although it struggles in low light for camara but it's fine for this price range..Thanks to Amazon and Xiaomi..Awsm phn in this price segment  u must go for it awsm processor n btry lyf no heating issue found till now go for it guys..Product is awesome...Battery life ,fingerprint scanner, is good.speaker sound quality,camera performance is low.i found issue in ear speaker it is busted .Want to replace this is but non-availability of product can not replace.so finally returning this.will purchase  again same product.if you want all features in single phone having range upto 15k go for it.Just go for it. I have been using it since one and half month. And it works v smoothly. Thumbs up for Amazon and Xiaomi Been using for a month now. Seems flawless. Camera could have been a little better but none the less still value for moneyXiaomi is really careless.. I got a defective redmi note 3. Volume up button is not working. How irresponsible they are.Amazon is always amazing... How do they manage to deliver it so quickly.?thank u Amazon for the quickest delivery ...Also the phone rocks..The Best phone in this price range..The only drawback is its camera   when compared to Xiaomi's other devicesBut well you can't find a better phone than this at this price..thank u Xiaomi and Amazon for the lovely phoneWIFI connect is faulty. it automatically connects to hotspot(not there) from wifi! handset is amazing.. dnt wana eplace it.. any solutions??Looks good! received today.. so far no issues. I updated to miui 7.3.2.0 immediately. it took time to reboot but since then works fine. camera is also good for the price ur paying.Amazing features makes this buy literally a steal! Full HD display, OTG, superfast processor n apps working swiftly. Getting heated up while charging, but hope it would cool down immediately. extremely good battery backup but takes arnd 2.5 hrs to fully charge.Only issue im facing is to transfer my contacts n msgs from windows phone into this. any help ??Within using of 20days there is voice coming out f speaker wenever the screen is on or off n its worst experince evr with any phone i hav purchased..they also dnt replace the item with such issue in motherboard n customer care is not upto the mark. In aggregate am not satisfied with the product neither with customer service, as have to w8 fr 15 days to make the phone in propr working conditionIt is a decent phone with with great look and good processor. I am using this phone about and and half month. So here is my review:  pros: 1- great look (specially golden one).2-good and new processor3-good battery life: it consumes about 5-8% battery for watching 45 minutes video.4-good UI.Cons: 1- it heats a lot while charging and using internet by data connection2- : Yes it hangs a lot using vlc media player and mx player. I am using this phone for 1 months and not able to watch movies on vlc media player because it hangs. Specially it hangs during playing high quality videos like 720p or 1080p.3-camera quality should be improved.Hi All, I have RN3(Gold, 32GB). I have been using this phone since one month. Everything is superb be it gaming experience, call quality or other everyday usage. But one thing that has disappointed me very very much is the rear camera quality which I think is worse than Redmi Note 2 or even say Redmi 2 Prime. I have always thought about the very good camera quality from this company, Xiaomi.Received 32gb phone today and after using it  i can say that please wait for little bit if you can't get this phone in flash sale it will be available in normal sale instead of going for other phone,have Patience.Better finger print scanner then iphoneit's butter smoothawesome processorsuperb displayput my phone on charging science an hour but not find heating issue as said by many userslight weight and slim despite of Marathon batterynice uionly -ve thing i found is camera performance in low lightwill update more if i can get any -ve thing.BUT iwifi hotspot is not working :(return requested yesterday and nothing happen so esquire today at customer care and camr to knoe hat previous agent did not processed my request something can not be expected from Amazon.27/3 now wifi hotspot working well but battery last only for a dayThis is a monster made of metal. Runs everything smoothly so far what all I throw at it. Satisfied. Good job XiaomiA fabulous phone with a huge batterry life, voice quality,gaming graphics amazing and a huge ram...just go for it..Xiaomi Redmi note 3 is class apart from others. This phone is loaded with awesome features and truly magnificent buy in this price range. I have been using this phone from last week and completely satisfied with this purchase. One of biggest advantage of note 3 is its battery life. I am heavy user with wifi or data on at all time and frequent calls thru out day and note 3. upon charging it fully at morning battery last easily for full day. Also its display is superb and Xiaomi has done brilliant job in built quality of note 3. It feels very light in hand and navigation is also smooth.Overall its masterpiece from Xiaomi.Pros:Excellent  battery lifeExcellent  processorNo lag at allExcellent  at multitaskingFingerprint  scanner  is amazingCons:Camera quality  is BSFront camera is strictly  OK but the rear one is real bad.Charger  supplied  is just 5v 2a, charges  100 %  in over 2 hours.Overall  it's  an excellent  value  for money  phone.  If you  are fine with dull  camera.  This  is a made  in India  phone with a Chinese  manufacturer.  So  for cost  cutting  measures  they  have  avoided  providing  ear phones,  gorilla  glass and  used  a s***ty  camera instead  but still at 12k it's  the best phone  money  can buy.Very Good option to go for at this price range. I was very much satisfied with the phone. battery backup is good. no heating issues. primary cam is not that much good it does not capture good pics in dull light. every thing is ok but the delivery from the ARAMEX was the worst thing they took nearly 6 days to deliver to Hyderabad location. no cons with the product can go for itNice phone in both looking and performance.... Use this then feel the difference between any phone and note 3.....Very good mobile in this price. Feature rich device, got almost all good feature of a high end mobile. Best battery backup I have seen till date in a mobile.features 10/10battery 11/10  ;-)build 9/10display 9/10UI 9/10camara 8/10Sound 8/10It heats up a little while playing games. I played NFS MW and temp > 40' CI have got a Redmi Note 3 .. a month before.. It has WiFi connectivity  issue .. It keeps disconnecting intermittently and switches to hotspot.. Browsed and checked that almost all Redmi Note 3 Users facing the same issue after a recent update.. Still a stable update is not yet released.. Had a great experience till now.. But after this issue lost all hope on Mi phones.. This phone I got tody Really its awsom everything as accepted ,but who are players of android then I say no don't buy because The operating system is based on  mui 7 the Android 5 is not here experience, actually they want leg android as and leads mui.its no problem for those who like under apple iPhone.but problem for those whose android player because rooting is too hard.Its really gud .its have faciliy toscann  paper gud flip battery excellent good mobile in this rangPhone was good. but too much heating problem. Back camera also too bad low focus plz solve my issueFinally decided to go for Moto G4 plus. So so frustrating sale this is. Xiomi is loosing customers.Battery - excellentGaming - Excellent..!!Front camera- descentBack camera- ok, not that much great, color reproduction is not enough good for this 16MPHeating- No heat issue, but observed little bit while chargingI hv used this mobile for 15 days.Satisfied with everything except back camera..Hi  I was waiting for this one from last 3 months onwards and finally I got the 32 GB version on4 th if this month after the usage of 4 days its pro be- excellent battery,fringer print sensor ,audio out put,fast charging ,650 processor all done der excellent work and about con's - little bit heating issue,camera is not up to its markAll that glitters is not goldDelivery service is very fas thnx 2 u Amazon guys... d fn is awesome jst the camera focusing is not that gr8 as well as low light picture quality..Amazing phone with good features for the best price tag. One should go with it. No heating issues.Its audio quality is worst than imagination. Callers always complain "i am not able to get you". Initially i thought there is network problem but when later i could realize its audio system is faulty by that time your return window was closed. Now i am bound to carry this faulty product.Can it be replaced now ??The level of rate of reduction of battery reduces after every consecutive charge where when initially bought,the battery lasted 3 days where now it lasts for 2 days with similar usage, another problem is the miui since it consumes 50-55% of the ram and the camera has no autofocus and the usable memory is also very low around 25 gb.If you are a gamer please note that heavy games like gangster vegas and gta san andreas will lagI jst luv ths mobile but plz sa how to open chat head of fb messengerIts nt gting openedPlz samy collegue using phone . it is excellent. but am not get that phone am trying to take in amazonThanks to Amazon.Great phone.. Mainly performance was super.No heating problem.. I watched 1hr video and that time phone at charging.. Not heated just like room temperatureAll negative reviews are mainly they don't get theMobile in flash sale.Don't think... Please go with this phone..I have been using this mobile for 15 days, so far not experienced a single lag, fully satisfied. Only con which maybe mentioned is the average camera specifically during night shots, although day shots are very good comparable to high range mobiles. So far not experienced heating problems, only heats up during charging which is quite common. Screen is absolutely brilliant, better than mi3 screen. Miui software is ver user friendly. Go for the mobile without hesitation friends.Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (Gold, 32GB)Good qualitybut very slippery, almost dropped 2 times in just one day usagesWhen we speak, the other side could not hear me properly. Too much of voice breaks.Call volume is too lowOTG is too slowCharging is too slowNo auto focus in camera. We need to click an object to focus.Camera quality is low.Often applications are getting closed automatically while running.The phone is good. I have using this from last two weeks and everything is working as expected.Very good phone in this price range... using it from a week , its very fast.. gaming is awesomeSuperb mobile I recommend.Only the tempered glass does not sticks if phone has back cover05-04-2016just now successfully I have purchased this mobile phone,i am felling very lucky bz this deal was 100% claimed within 2 to 3 mins.I have never used MI MOBILE before this., right now m using moto g-2 2nd gen..  m very exited abt Redmi note 3 phone as I have heard very positive reviews from every1. ..lets hope for the best.. further after delivery I will review my comment.This is a good phone. It looks good.  Everything else working fine except,  it's camera quality not so good.  Cannot understand why they just increase megapixel without improving lens and other related stuff.  It's just realized scaling  of photos.  Phone does heats a bit while charging.I am mentioning only the cons.  Rest everything are good.  Will post again after using for few days.It's excellent phone I read certain reviews wherein it was mentioned that mobile Internet is not working just reset the default settings or factory reset it. Camera is 7/10, looks 10/10, battery is8/10, and phone works perfectly even after playing games for two hours just buy it and enjoy itwhen i saw review of the product I thought it was worth buying but on 3rd day when I updated the phone software  after reboot it didnt started so i replaced it . When I got new phone it lagged while it was charging and didnt start . so then i went for refund so plz I suggest dont go for this4 star  because the phone stopped charging when I unplugged and plugged again I was scared for a moment I thought it was a problem with the charger but when I switched off and turned on again its charging . The phone is super and nice no doubt about it but the software need a bit more polish16gb ka redmi note 3 mujhe 2  mob mil gaye h kisi ko chahiye to call kre 7376565783I can't find a fault with the phone. Not one. At least not if you can get the phonePhone looks very nice and feels good as well but there is some heating issue with phone on the normal use only.Overall a good phone,good performance. Pros are many,cons are a few..to name some 1.hanging problem,2.proximity sensor some times does not work,even after removing phone from ear after a call,the screen remains blank.I think it has happened after updating the phone to latest version MIUI7.Dear friends aaj maine note 3 kharida Mast phone hai. Per jo log  30000  tak ka phone use karte hai unko ye phone khas pasand nahi aayega na camera ki quality thek hai aur na sound ki. Finger lock cool hai aur look bhi mast hai. Ha Magar jo log 15000  tak ka phone use karte hai unki liye Mast hai. Sim aur memory card install slot bakwash hai aur dual sim use karna kafi difficult hai.Mobile is really good. More than 10 days I am using it,  and it never hangs or becomes slow.Only problem is if the company would had given 2 slots for Sim and 1 extra for memory card,  it would had been an awesome deal.But currently u can have 2 Sim or 1 Sim and 1 memory card.its been a month now.. No issues jst heating which happens with every metallic phone... awesome battery it lasted 3 days on normal usage and a day on heavy usage... for a 12k phone all features are unbelievalble... go for it better than le 1s, lenovo k4, lenovo zuk z1,moto g4 etc. etc...Little bit of heating, but thats expected. Rear Camera is average. Worth the PriceProduct is very nice.But the kind of delivery done is very worst experience.nyc phone but doesn't have an ear plugs and a user manual which is a big drawback.This is an awesome phone at this cost. Camera is very good, speed is amazing, touch feel is cool, no heat problems. I saw the reviews before buying this in many sites and I saw the comparison b/w iPhone 6 which is truly acceptable. Sad part is in this generation people are not ready to be wait list to buy this phone. Make this as normal sale. I got 32gb after missing in 2 sales.Best thing is batteryRam available 1.5gbPerformance is good must b betterCamera is averageHi , i purchased rn3 2 weeks back on flash sale. The finger print scanner is not working. Whom should i ask?It's my first mobile. I was pretty much confused whether to buy redmi or zuk......... But guys believe me this phone never disappoints you......be it battery ,screen , processing , fingerprint scanner and UI........all are just fabulous......... Believe me it's the best devil under 15kThe phone I received has touch issue...  It is just not working properly and just taking input on its own.  Replacement order placed already but not happy with overall experience as first I have to wait for days for sale and then what you get is just something you have to just replace.I will n't recommend U to buy this product. After using 5 days I notice, sensor is not poor, its very poor, screen rotation doesn't work properly. It hang also.& while charging phone heated upto minimum 40 degree and camera is not as good as 16 mp should be.........!!!!!!!Except heating phone is good,battery is also not that much effective.........Loved the snapdragon 650 and adrino 510 combo. Great performance and battery.I would like to say great job done by engineeers. Perfect fit, finish & feel.Great hardware with a great software, at reasonable price; that is rare combination found in this phone.Only concern is Sim tray, Rivets seems to loose & doesn't give feel for durablity. Design could have been much better for tray maybe a jointless type.The Redmi Note 3 gold is great phone. With good processing speed.. and multitasking.. battery backup is also good as mentionedThe only problem witb this is you can only Read you cannot write it.. Means.. u cannot delete a video from 3rd party application like MX player..for that u need to root the phone. Rest all ia good at this priceThe phone is good and the UI is good. It gives the flexibility to restrict the access to apps.The cons i feel is the heating problem. It gets warm on few mins of call, you can feel that in your ears. Also the charging time is more. Its takes more than 3 hrs to charge completely from zero. The pack does not have headset includedNot satisfied..camera quality very poor compared to 5mp of any Samsung phone..Fingerprint sensor doesn't work properly..battery backup is good...Poor service by Amazon bcoz wen i opted for a replacement I was sent the same set back to me wolithout clearing the problem..I don't like this phone in the time no dual sim use sd card use one sim note use( 2) no service center in Patiala my charger not work I change but no service center some havey games loding and phone hanging low cost coolpad note 3 proper work game but xioami phone hangvery well going!satisfied with its vidoe & photo quality 16MP :)fingerprint access is also fast, only lag is after so many times finger access sometime fingerprint does not access, that time I clean finger scanner with cloth, and it starts working again ok.After many days trying to get this I got it finally.Also please buy screenguard from Xiaomi original only.I am in love with this mobile. Totally a change of pace from my micromax and though there was some form of lag and a glitch in the music player which was only rarely. This phone is an angel. Camera quality sucks at artificial and low lightBut amazing performance from this phone. Amazon did a brilliant job on delivery of this phoneI got this phone after a long struggle of 6 flash sales and was so frustrated in between that i decided to go for another one .. but trust me it is worth it . I have been using his phone for more than 10 days and i am quite impressed . The phone feels good , premium , definitely more than a 12k phone . The Camera is superb in Day-light and Good in LOW-light . The finger print is fast and accurate .. it may not work sometimes after you take it out of your pocket after a long time but else it work just fine . The performance is fast and i didn't seem to ssuffer any lag . The voice quality is also very nice . The 5.5" inch HD display also looks brilliant . The phone does over heat while charging but that just is with every phone .The new update which allows you to lock apps and take selfies with your fingerprint is also very nice . Moreover If you have a budget strictly under 12k then this phone is the only and best choice . I advice to go for the 3bg variant . ELSE if you have a budget under 15k then you can consider the MOTO G4 PLUS or the LENOVO ZUK Z1..Redmi Note 3 (Gold, 32GB) is just awesome. The Best Phone I have ever owned. The experience with the phone is as good as its specification. Very Powerful and Fast. My First Xiomi phone, and I'm totally impressed with the performance of the phone. The Interface is so good, simple and fun. And my God, the Fingerprint scanner is Just too good. it responds every single time, swiftly, within a blink of an eye... or even less... The Best part is that I have been using the phone for just 2 weeks and I have already got new Update, I can even click photos wit Finger Print! How Awesome.The battery is Big, good enough to see you through the whole day. One time I misplaced my charger and before sleeping 41% of the battery is left, In the Morning Urgent work came up which lasted till evening, and to my utter surprise, after coming home at 7 Pm my phone still has 15% Battery left with around 10 calls, internet, whatsapp, facebook email being used normally that day. (No gaming,heavy browsing, music or videos though). The color Gold is great. Metal body makes it look Elegant and despite the Big Battery, it is still light weight. The outside visibility is great, no struggle in sunlight. The only drawback is the camera, although 16 MP, the Low light picture quality is not satisfactory, although it is great in good lighting conditions. Overall the Phone is just AWESOME! and is real value for money.The only thing that irritates me is the Delivering Process of the phone by Amazon Transportation Services.Initially before ordering, it flashed on my app that the product will be delivered within a day, however after placing an order on 27th April, it said delivery will be between 30th April and 2nd of May 2016. Although delivered on 1st May, the problem is from 28th April till 1st May it was shown as arrived in Courier Facility Jakkur Bangalore but no further updates for next 48 hours or more, until moments before attempted delivery. I was schedule to be out of station from 1st May and made repeated calls to customer care as well as personally visiting Local Amazon Transportation Delivery Office in Hubli for emergency delivery, but was helpless. The Customer care said they will notify the local delivery people about the urgency however the local people know nothing about it. It is painful because finally I have to ask my friend to collect it for me. The normal travelling time from Bangalore to Hubli by slowest means is 10 hours. Other courier services, Indian Post Office (Speed Post), and other Online Retailers took just 24 hours, maximum 48 hours on very rare occasions, Amazon Transportation Services took 4 Days!!! I Think even a snail would travel faster than that! How unreliable!!!(Although it was a mistake from my side to not have opted for faster delivery option, the reason being, that there was no such option after placing an order. I learned about it only after going to my account and while reviewing the address that the option for faster delivery popped out. Moreover the purchase is done in a hurry as it was a flash sale and I have to complete within a matter of minutes).So my advice is if you need faster delivery and willing to pay, do opt for faster delivery as Amazon Transportation Services is not Reliable, or at least till Amazon fixes their Transportation Service.EDIT 17/05-------------I received a replacement within 2 days. Fantastic service by amazon. But, I was really worried about the replacement after my first experience with Xiaomi. What if this device too turns out bad? But this replacement phones seems OK till now. I have been able to make calls, browse etc. The experience using this phone is great. The phone itself is very beautiful. There are chrome rings around the camera, FP scanner etc. This level of detail is unbelievable for a phone in this price range.The MiUI is is a refreshing change from the stock android experience. It is heavily customized, hence there will be big delay in getting android updates. I did not face any major network issues - I use MTNL. Battery life is a major plus for this phone. You can get 1.5-2 days from a single charge for casual usage. MiUI is more towards appearance than performance. If we every get CyanogenMod 13.0 ROM, I am sure we can get even more 2 days from a single charge. Overall this is an unbelievable phone for 11,999 RsReview for 15/05--------------------The following was my review for my first phoneTwo things I noticed when I opened the sealed box - there were some smudges on the phone sticker which covers the screen - the sticker on the back of the phone was tiltedSo the initial impression from un-boxing this phone was the phone was not handled professionally. You normally never come across such packing issues.No doubt, the phone was looking spectacular with its beautiful 5.5" screen and the gold metallic slim body.I switched on the phone, completed the set up wizard, mobile network and WiFi connected instantly and I was very happy.I decided to check the check the call quality. The call connected, but i could not hear anything. I switched to loud speaker and now i could hear. So my beautiful smartphone was everything working like GPS, accelerator, WiFi, except  i cannot make calls!!! This is a basic thing a phone should do, it doesn't even have to be a smartphone to do this!So, i have understood how Xiaomi can sell phones so cheap, they just skip the quality inspection and save money. No wonder these products are not sold to US/European markets.It is a big risk buying these phones from anywhere except amazon, with amazon at least you get a replacement. So instead of enjoying a new phone, I will be going though a replacement process and then wait again for the replacement to arrive and really hope that at least that one worksRed mi note 3. You can't expect a better phone than this within the price range of 12k available on the market.Pros,1. Excellent finish and great look, I bought  an golden color phone it has got a premium finish.2. Finger print seems to be a better option.3. Fast and quick processing, reflects the true usage of 3gb ram4. Great sound is provided by the speakers and video clarity is quite satisfying.5. Excellent battery life and fast charging.6. Camera is good that's all not outstanding.7.Got it's own additional features like apps to clear ram a perfect file manager etc so you don't need to install from play store.Cons.1. The user interface could have been better.2. No marshmallow update so far.3. Crowded with apps which you can't uninstall or modify.4.The camer flash got a light reddish mix with white light which sometimes makes the photos in low light a little fake coloured.That's all over all this phone is very good but like the two faces of a coin it have its own cons but not a noticeable one.I strongly recommend this phone who are looking in a economic price rangeXiaomi is just one and half year old brand for India and it took only one year to beat all other old and big brands just because of their business model, price, quality, and MIUI. The service of Xiaomi in India is not that much good as all other big brands but still they are doing their level best to give the best, at least, they have exclusive service centers in India. I have bought all Xiaomi India products and none of them required to visit a service center to date. The first device they launched in India was the MI3 and I got it in the first sale and it still works like the new device. The Redmi Note 3 (Snapdragon) is the latest Note device they have in the International market right now, as they have already launched Redmi Note 2, Redmi Note 2 Prime and the Redmi Note 3 in outside India market but they all have the MediaTek processor and they have been prohibited from sale these MediaTek phones in India due to some patent issues, so they launched the Redmi Note Prime with Qualcomm's Snapdragon 410 (which is not outdated yet but also not for the power user) especially for the Indians and Made in India and most users liked it but some power users didn't like this effort, Xiaomi heard their voice too and now we have Redmi Note 3 Snapdragon variant especially for the Indians and Made in India, powerful than all its MediaTek variants with starting price tag of Rs 9999 only for 2GB/16GB and 11999 for the 3GB/32GB model.Finally !!After two weeks of trying, thanks to Flipshope! I got the Gold 32GB variant of this phone. Thanks to Amazon for delivering the product before time as I was badly needing a mobile.The package was neat and undamaged.It was a delight to open the box to see a mobile of premium features.The mobile is an eye candy. It is quite big, very useful for reading, though easy handling might be a problem.The UI is cool and no complaints.Internal storage of 24 GB was left from 32GB.The rear camera, though not incredible, is above the average for a mobile of this range. The front camera takes cool selfies though.Main advantage of the mobile is it's battery power of 4000 mAh. Long-standing!!Another feature that attracted me a lot is the fingerprint sensor which works like a lightening.And of course, remote control is just cool.3GB RAM , no need to comment.Everything's perfect. A marvellous purchase for a decent price.Can't ask for more. Like a boss!!Do go for it without another thought.Just got my redmi note 3 today and first of all i have been using it for 6 hours and i am writing this review so here are the cons(-) and pros(+):-1.(-)Camera quality is not that good at low light  outdoor buy fair quality for a phone at this price range  (+)Good camera quality indoors even at low or no light because it has good flash even after zooming you will get a fine picture.Those who say that the camera isn't good dont compare camera of this phones to iphones or samsung that cost 30k or more and dont compare a camera's photo by its megapixel it mostly depends upon the quality of the camera oppo offer 50mp camera what do u think it would give photos better than iphone 6s plus  (+)Video quality is also good  (+) the 5mp front camera also takes good selfies2.Speed  (+) the phone offers good speed the fingerprint sensor unlocks the phone in 0.2 to 0.3 seconds which is fairly fast and always works for me.  (+) the snap start always does its job well.(-)Storage (+) i got 29gb of free storage which is good if u like to too many apps (+) U will easily get 1.5 gb of free ram if u dont run anything (-,+) U cannot move apps to sd card but it is better because apps will run lag free if they are directly ran from strorage and takes less time to load their data files  (+,-) U can use a sdcard if u want but it will take space of ur second sim(nano) so u can have 1 sim and 1sdcard or 2sims with no sdcard. If u want to use all 3 of them u can watch videos at youtube they will show how to use all three but if u do then u wont be able to use your nano sim in other phones3.Connectivity (+) it supports all the bands of 4g available in  india (-) if u use both sims then the 1st one can be 4g,3g,2g but the second sim will be used as 2g *some people complain that they have problems that the nano sim takes a lot of time to read and connect to a network but i havent used both sims but a sdcard instead of second sim so cant tell u if its a problem but my sdcard was instanly read.4.Color saturation and quality  (+) the color quality is fair enough and the saturation is also good 5.Others  (-) the display screen isn't a gorilla glass as it is not mentioned by the company but it is good quality and can absord light shocks.My advice use a tempered glass with high hardness(like kohinistsu) (+) the phone doesn't got heated up even if u play games at it.I would get a little warm during its first startup but i will just for 2min then it will cool down.  If it gets warm while charging its normal with phones which have high battery life so isn't an issue.(-) it doesnt has an app drawer but u can download it from play store by searching "app drawer for miui"(+) its battery life is good can be used for days if dont play games or run apps that use high power(+) touch is good after u remove a guard sticked to the screen(+) the screen offers full hd(1920  1080) display.(+) the phone video player supports .avi (both video and audio), .mp4, .3gp, and many other video types. (+) nice metal finish feels premium when u hold it and remains cool but a slippery if u use it for the first time in life but soon u would get a good grip on itThats all i know ,folks!!!I would recommand u to buy it rating 4.5/5.I have attached some camera samples 1st,2nd, 4th are no light indoor and outdoor while 3rd is a zoomed capture.Finally, We couldn't get it via the site so we stole one..... Nahhh just kidding, Hours of Time wasted on flash sales pays off.Took almost a month as my bro was adamant on buying this phone. Looks brilliant yet a little not so premium. Works as good as any other Premium phone.Kinda Kills all the other phones in the range of 10,000 to 25,000 with ease. But again kinda is a bad word.  So let the bads start this review:Bad :--No Fast Charging or Qualcomm Quick Charge and it's a real pain to charge a 4050mah Battery.-Camera is just not upto the mark. 16MP and PDF don't  help at all. I feel it could've done way better. NO Anti Stutter Or OIS,  PLUS NO 4K!Front Cam is Average at best-Screen Could've been a little better, a 2.5D curved like the iPhone 6 would've made it more appealing, Canvas 5 by Micromax offers that and it looks so damn good(although the phone sucks).  Sunlight Display isn't really helping as I could hardly read any of my texts. And MOST importantly it doesn't have Gorilla Glass Protection-OS issues.... Still running on Lolipop?  We're almost halfway through  2016 bruh.Now TheGoods:--Great Fingerprint Scanner-FULL HD Display ( j7 by Samsung costs much higher comes with 720p)-IR Remote Blaster is Brilliant, though not much use but yu never know-Wi-Fi Dual Band. 5Ghz and AC at this price is just great. (phones twice the price don't have dual band these days)-Processor Has Some serious power and coupled with 3GB Ram will make you feel good about your purchase (NO LAG AT ALL).-Good Battery Backup.... Lasts a day without stopping and doesn't heat up at all. (7 days of use and I haven't seen any heating up).  I have all social apps and a few games installed.-32GB of expandable storage is the reason I chose this over Letv 1s and others. You rarely would need a micro SD card but for the music and photography lovers it'll be a boon-Full Metal Build is Awesome and although I kinda don't like the design it makes you feel good when your holding it. Not filmsy at all.I'd rate it one star less for1)BAD CAMERA2)TOO LONG A Wait to buy3)Battery Charge takes way too long and NO USB type cOther than that I'd buy it again for myself tooVery nice mobile. Gifted to a person. He is very happy to have it.Amazing productYou need to be sharp while buying this phone.I bought this after fighting to win it on flash sale for almost one and half month! and guess what happened...I was checking the phone with all possible way..when started to check with racing games which uses gravity sensors, I found that I received a defective device...the sensors stops working continuously...I have checked with angry birds go, asphalt airborne, and traffic rider...I don't think these all games are problematic and hence the problem is with the device...Then I requested for replacement..Amazon is really good at that..I got the replacement at lightening speed!.But the problem is....It is like they have send my old phone back to me...the problem still exists...now I am forced to request for another replacement...will I get a good device??? dear xiaomi??  I assume the problem starts after setting the fingerprint lock...Besides these problems I would have given 5 star....even though the camera is a little cheap, but more than sufficient for superfone like this..Ultimate handset..I am ordered this ph from mi.com for my friend.  He is using it since 3wks, so far no issues at all.  Although d ph gets heating problem sometimes it's negligible bcz every high end phones are getting the same problem,  blindly go for it.Not satisfy with the product. Network Signal capturing problem is there in particular mobile.If you are on one call and another call comes in waiting then this mobile is disconnecting the first running call.Low quality productbest phone for power user3 gb ram hexa core5. 5 displayfingerprint scanner working good unlock instanthigh power gaming support adreno gpugood battery life using whole day still 40% leftnice camera 16mpThe only problem that I face with the phone is the time that takes for getting charged with the charger given by Mi in the box. On the other hand when I use my old charger of redmi 1s the device get fully charged in 2.5 hrs from 20%-100%.Its a complete phone, Got great premium look & feel.I have tried 5 times at flash sale,but it was worth trying.its ui is awesome ,very inovotative & lots of choices .its real fast ,battory last more than a day.I must say value for money .Best budget phone i ever seen,fast performance with 3 gb ram and great touch with finger sensor...i would like to see the same features in redmi note 4 along with 1 additional features with front flash for selfie lovers....:DThe phone is good but the camera quality really not upto the markGood product, now available on Amazon India with any pre booking.Nice device...I did not see any glitch while using it...awesome camera...3gb RAM makes games run smooth...Feels good for metallic body...graceful display...Have more than what any other mobiles could give you under 12KHad the worst experience..battery problem right from day one. Replacement ordered on 8th May..till now did not get my mobile replaced. Should have gone for Samsung J7. Expecting much better service to its customers from both Amazon and Xiaomi.Thanks amazon for fast services..Really a good phone...battery is really good..camera is mediocre... some functions are buggy..gaming is good...heating issue during charging but charging is fast...no headphones in package..This mobile is excellent...If other people said that it is become hot and camera result is poor. I am not agreed with this statement. Will those people will agree with other brand mobiles?. All mobile got hot. Company is agreed to incorporate this camera night vision issue in next update. Will you be here such kind of respond from any other mobile manufacturer? So, please to stop such kind of comment. But this company is ready to match. It is more than sufficient for us. My family member was not heard this make mobile and denied to buy it. But I purchased this mobile and now they said it is 100% perfect decision taken by me to buy this mobile. You can compare with famous mobile brand (with latest models) and see the comparison. If this is wrong then comparison of NDTV is also wrong. In this price, you never ever get this future...Rakesh Bhensdadia..Vadodara..Gujarat..IndiaIr blast 16 mp camera and many more features in just 12k!!!User guide missing in the box, phone is very good condition.Awesome phone.. Great battery life indeed..Xiaomi Rocks.. Automatic switch off and 4G network are not catching proper.Redmi note 3 a good phone but light heating when are using. And when charging charger and phone gets over heats. A bug is when you are using prefer network type is 3g or 2g then network signal downs as (3-4 lines) will be low, when you are with prefer LTE network you will get full signal strenth on status bar.Hey Guys, I received my order today.& i hv unleashed the beast inside of box,too good and looks awesome with less weight,performance type no one can beat it in this price range,fingerprint sensors is awsome.....Excellent product with an Affordable priceGreat Mobile, good experience, all is wellCamera quality is not good as sounds 16 mpAwesome Phone loved it....better than Le1sI really love this phone... Delivery was quick.. Proper packaging everything was super perfect... M very much happy with the product.. For this price it's worth it.GYRO SENSORS ARE NOT WORKING ON ANY MODEL OF XIAOMI REDMI NOTE 3PURCHASE 2 PHONE 32GB MODEL FACING SAME PROBLEMSYOU MAY GOOGLE IT FOR MORE DETAILSHi all,The phone is superb with all the features. Fingerprint scanner is one of the best I ever seen. Looks are nice. Performance is nice. The actual rating for this product on amazon is less for this product because of frustrated customers who are not able to get the phone in flash sale.They are giving 1 star just because they are not able to get the phone in flash sales. It is very difficult to order a phone in amazon website. However I was able to get this phone in 3rd flash sale. Just go for this phone. Simply superb!!!It's a good mobile with a lot of features. There is a heating problem even the company told there is no heating issue. Some times fingerprint scanner doesn't work.overall performance is good along with good battery backup. We should be compromised with the camera performance.I bought it mainly for the battery and I must say it did not disappoint me.4050mAH high density lithium-polymer battery delivers what Xiaomi promised.Used GPS for 4 hours straight. The battery dropped by only 15%. Best choice in this price range for people who rely on GPS on long trips. The 16MP f/2.0 primary camera also does a decent job. Photo quality is not great but not bad either. Attached are two pics taken on this phone.How to order this phone Im got getting the add to cart or buy option??? Is this mobile good and worth the money??Itss just awsome man... Thats the fone i wanted... Everything is perfect in it... Value for money... Most awsome thing in it is fingerprint scanner n battery...!!I was using redmi note3 but heating issue is there in stand by mode also battery drain issue is having. Replacement request accepted. I hope I'll get better this time. Not sure is this handset issue or redmi note 3 model issue. Camera performance is ok not great like 16mp. Look is good. Let's seeVery bad Service do not purchase any itemPhone is hanging and getting struk alwaysSuperb display.. camera quality is good..Nice phone and good procedure to purchaseBest phone under 15000 in India may 2016So Finally I got Hands On Xiaomi redmi note 3 32gbNow Lets Talk About PhoneBuild and Design: 7.5/10The Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 sports an all metal body and has rounded edges along the sides. Turn around the phone and the resemblance to the rear side on the Meizu MX5 is uncanny. The round fingerprint scanner is located just below the 16MP camera on the rear side and they are aligned to be placed in the centre. The dual LED flash unit is located in between the camera and the fingerprint scanner. The base has the speaker section and theres a slight protrusion chin just below to ensure there is a gap between speaker section and the flat surface its placed on.Looking around the device, on the left hand edge you have the dual SIM card slots, at the base there is a microUSB charging and data transfer port, on the right hand edge you have the volume rocker and power standby buttons. The top edge has the 3.5mm audio jack and an infrared blaster for controlling IR home appliances. The front has a 5.5inch display which has a tendency to collect smudges.Thanks to the sand blasted matte finish on the rear side, you get a good grip on the phone. One handed option is inconvenient.The in hand feel of the phone is good as there are no sharp edges around the phone. Everything is nicely rounded. Theres even a chrome strip running around the edges which is slightly raised, so that it helps the display from touching the table if it is placed face down. Now these are minor touches, but quite thoughtful. Even the volume rocker and power/standby buttons are metallic with chamfered edges and a good feedback.At 8.7mm thickness and 164 grams in weight, it is not winning any prizes in the slimness and lightness departments, but it isnt bad at all considering it houses a 4050mAh battery.Features: 8/10Xiaomi is one company which started the specs vs price battle when it had launched the Mi 3 two years ago. And that is a legacy it has carried forward with the Redmi Note 3 as well. For starters, the Redmi Note 3 comes with Qualcomm Snapdragon 650 SoC which houses a hexa core processor, with a dual core Cortex A72 processor clocked at 1.8GHz and a quad-core Cortex A53 processor clocked at 1.4GHz. This is paired with Adreno 510 GPU.Out of the 32GB storage, the user available space is around 26.28GB. It runs Android 5.1 OS with MIUI 7 skin atop it.On the camera front, We have a 16MP rear camera with an aperture of f/2.0 and a 5MP front facing camera. The Redmi Note 3 comes with a hybrid dual SIM Card slot and can take in two 4G SIM cards which are hot-swappable. It supports voice over LTE (VoLTE), Wi-fi 802.11 b/g/n/ac, Bluetooth 4.2 LE, FM radio, infrared port, GPS with AGPS and so on. The Redmi Note 3 is the first Xiaomi phone to sport a fingerprint scanner as well.Display: 7/10The Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 sports a 5.5inch fullHD IPS LCD display which gives it a pixel density of 401ppi. The colours look natural and it has a good viewing angles. But the display tends to collect smudges which though easily removable are still annoying to have. There is no Corning Gorilla Glass protection, but the display is scratch resistant.Xiaomi has carried forward the Sunlight Display technology from its Mi4/Mi4i line onto the Redmi Note 3. For those not aware, the Sunlight Display makes adjustments to the display at a pixel level so that you see a balanced image in bright outdoors. This is on by default and works when you are out in bright sunlight and want to photograph, without having to shade your phone. Reading mode helps reduce the blue light being emitted to reduce the eye fatigue, by adding a yellow tinge to the display.Software: 7.5/10MIUI 7 OS which was announced by Xiaomi in October last year comes loaded on the phone. While in terms of pure looks, there isnt any drastic difference from the MIUI 6, but we do see some finesse on the OS. Xiaomi has added on a lot more Indian themes to the MIUI 7 for starters. It has an animated profile picture feature called Showtime which lets other MIUI users see your animated selfies when you call them, instead of a profile picture.Performance: 7.5/10Call quality on the Redmi Note 3 is excellent and the earpiece speaker is sufficiently loud even outdoors. I didnt face any issues with signal reception even inside elevators, thats speaking a lot.Qualcomm Snapdragon 650 chipset is quite impressive here. It is clearly performing at par with Qualcomms last generation hex-core Snapdragon 808. Phones around the Rs 20,000 price point house this processor. The Adreno 510GPU ensures a smooth performance while gaming as well  Asphalt 8: Airborne is playable at Extreme settings as well. All in all, the Redmi Note 3 excels in the performance department when compared with competition in this price range.Camera: 6.5/10Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 sports a 16MP rear camera and a 5MP front-facing camera. The rear camera comes with phase-detect auto-focus function which works great in well lit situations, but struggles in low light. Xiaomi has added on the timelapse and slow motion feature for video shooting as well along with a fullHD video recording support.And I will Highly Recommend This Beast Phone in this price bracket.I Just Hated One thing which is I Waited 5 sales !! ToughI am fully satisfied with the function but  regarding  UPGRADATION  Xiaomi  is silent and there is no service provided in Rajkot, one of the big city of Gujarat.Phone was good but it's fingerprint  sensor is not working  properly...  Also product was not delivered  on time.  Otherwise services  provided by amazon is goodI bought  redmi from 13 th April sale on mi.com.Here is my review about this phone.Pros- look is awesome no doubt- apps opens very quickly- I compared with one plus two and it is equal to thatCons- camera is poor in low light-color is not Goldy but creamy-it hangs ,I faced this issue twice-it is very slippery,that makes it easy to fall phone. It would be good ,if xiaomi provided rubber coating on cornerThe best handset i have ever experienced , comparing to samsung & other phones, regarding features & cost. The only problem is about net connectivity.it has heating issue while charging.It's not up to the mark which we thinkI had purchased with lot of excitement but the item heats a lot.Gold colour is too poor.Not able to use duel sim with memory card.Poor camera.Not well-built.Flash sale of amazon is horrible.I'm using the phone for about a month now and performance is great. It never hang. Even with games like Hungary shark. Good fast processor. Good RAM. Always more than 1 GB RAM is available. Enough storage, about 27 GB available. Good battery. After Whole day net & calling still 30% remains at day end. Good camera, but Samsung 13 MP camera is better. It got a nice look. Lots of useful inbuilt applications. Overall very satisfied with this phone in this price range.Tq Amazon for your nice delivery and Tq for Xiaomi redmi note 3 it's awesome guys awesome mobile for an awesome price .I love the camera it's amazing I've tested it a small light indor prblm but the pictures came out amazing and it's very light in weight after my Micromax now I'm fully happy vth redmi note 3 .display is amazing 5.5 inches full HD nd Sound: it's awesome I loved the sound quality good audio playback there's lot more there just go for awesome MobileMany r saying about this redmi note 3 has heating like a heater but i got it today i never ever feel any heat as i was using it for 6hrs continously in wifi nice camera front is osum,p 3gb ram nice speed best audio.. as bow this is made in india at andhra pradesh tied up with foxcoon technoligies finger print is very fast responsive battery lasts for 1.5days.. best wirth fr money as in frm chennai its my no: 7358252210 u can also call me/ whats app for ur douts..Its total storage is 26 GB only & android files like apps carrying 3.5gb, now I have only 21gb available in my new mi note 3. Little heating problem,Excellent Mobile in 12000 budget.  Some users are updating phone is over heating...but there is no issue in heating.....Tnq Amazon & Mi....Believe me it's amazing phoneExcellent mobile. Up to expectations. One star less is due only for taking about a month to order! Every time I registered, I was put in wait-list.Excellent mobile with this price range. No lagging and hang. Camera is average but with this price range is good.Issues I have faced:Heating issue while playing games and during charging.Others said they can't hear my voice correctly during calls.Worth for the money spent. using it for more than 45 days now. No problem except Whatsapp contacts are not visible. Appears to be a bug in the O/sAwesome one. Heats a little bit. But, it usually happens in smartphones.Good one to buy within next 6 months after that new models will comeYou described your phone has 2 nos 4g sim slot, but i found 1st sim is 4g and second sim is 2g supportable, its a legal issue i need compensation.Superb phone...battery backup is awesome... Speed is like bullet...ButNot received the specification handbook,sim tray  opener .Good phone, it can be better...eg.. mail deleting option from Gmail app does not appear in notification, which is a common feature in other phonesXiaomi. Redmi Note 3 the best mobile, I have used many mobiles, but this mobile is best mobile in All aspects, considering price, speed, hardware.Very goodbut gorilla glass, Quick charging features are not thereNo heat issuesQualcomm 650 processor is performing betterExcellent built, fast gadget, aesthetically excellent, sturdy, excellent feeling holding in hand - lay your hands on it before it is too late.superb mobile..no heating issue..i played clash of clan on this mobile about 45 minute heating is normal..Very Good but heating Problems.....Excellent phone within your budget.Awesome phone... working properly..Nice phone I use this phone last 1 month I an not facing any issue this phoneGood battery backupNo heating issueNice cameraBought this phone from Flash Sale .....using it for the past one month ....great battery life smooth functioning and no heating issues.Nice phone with lots of features. Working fine. Only problem is that it heats when you put on charging. Rest features are outstanding in 12k.Excellent mobile phone. Battery is very huge and last for almost 1 day and few more hours. Finger print center is also perfect. Excellent OS.The cell is good but the real problem is that we can't connect the bluetooth headset to this devive. If someone has the solution please tell.Wow just Amazing I ordered  my phone  on may 4th November delivery date is may 10th N amazon  delivered  on time.  I might totally impressed.This product is very good but charger is not working for sometimes . the battery charge life is for  one day otherwise this phone is superrrrI don't have word for this Model It's Awesome functionality, good finishing, brightness, process is much faster then other comared model.....Awesome!! A 12k phone with features that can outmatch some 20k phones. You don't have to think twice before buying this product. Go for it!!There should be independently dual sim not hybrid sim.I have sell this phone with in 15 days due to this problem.Others stuff is good.It's great fully loaded with feature. Camera is outstanding. Music very good. Enjoying my new phone.Only down side is hybrid SIM slot.I received a phone from sat phone is good nice billd quality but sometimes finger print scanner as well as pattern lock both are not workingIt has lots of issues:1. Does not connect well.2. Low voice.3. Hangs very frequently.Excellent mobile. But I have got only bill with mobile. I didn't get separate warranty card for handsetFeeling cheated buying this device and especially from amazon. Will not buy any more MI products and not buy anything from amazon for sure.It doesnot provide any manual....and sim insert connection is difficult..and talk about accessories..its only have charger...no earphones.finally got my 32gb beast... love love love Redmi note 3... you dont have to spend Rs.20000 to get a high class smartphone. thanks to mi..Camera is not working .. it says Camera can't connect.nice mobile , but you have not given headphone only provided charger , this is wrong you have to provide all the necessity accessories...One day dilivery of amazon is great on time aspect but i Received a defective/damaged piece. Mic not working, the top right corner of the device seems bumped like it was dropped , the dilivery personel refused to take the device back and told me to accept the damaged piece and file a complaint howw crazy is that I had to knowingly receive a damaged product and had to call for an exchange that was 3 days ago still no update... my device had over heating problems as well. And continuous signal drops were getting on my nerves. Still waiting for a replacement.. Got it after trying in 4 flash sales... Phone is almost lag free. Camera is good. Auto brightness is great. Fingerprint scanner is not what its made out to be.. misses a lot and unlocking is bit slow in case of a total screen wake up though it does respond fantasticaly if your screen us already awake... Only misses are at the time screen is not on.. Wierd!!! Still waiting for an update from Amazon hope they do replace it... Would have been better off with some other device... I think.Good phone, only hybrid slot of SIM and Memory card reduce its star.I built contact directory is also pain. rest thing are prefectPhone is gud but there are some rotation problems sometimes hoping xioami would fix it soon other thn tht the phone is very worth buyingGood phone for ladies especially golden color. Lookwise very greatNot value for money when camera and sound quality is considered.Awesome phone in this price range ...but only dispointment in this phone can quality is very low..plz xioami update the can quality alsoAmazing phone....camera could have been improved....arrived on the 2nd day after placing order....overall worth for the given price.....Phone is good and slim. Very goodVery good mobile for the price:-)Wow ...super gaming n gud to use.Coolest phone.Must purchaseXiaomi Redmi Note 3 Awesome phoneI am using this phone(3 gb ram) from last 20 days it's really good phone.I tested the battery life and gaming performance it is amazing.The battery lasts about 19 hrs. and 7 hrs of screen on time,in that 3 hrs of gaming and 19 hr WiFi and lots of calls.......still 3% battery left and charged from 3 to 100 % in 3 hrs 10 mins .Good out put sound and call quality . Need to check the camera .....Superb phone for the given price.....Works nicely.......Feature Packed at this price.......Product was good.........After using one month facing some heating problem while charging and using wifi and mobile date , double tap feature is not available.The phone is amazing.. Loaded with features.. Superb camera with slow motion.. Bt the UI hanged in first few days... Bt now its normalIn short, It has the big heating problem so most of the battery is going in heating. Other than that everything I found is excellent.How use it remote connect to TVThere was no rating less than ZERO the product was hanging very initially,getting over heated when charging,poor audio quality speaker getting vibrated,over its duplicate one from china dont ever buy this product for name sake also.worst worst worst.Good.. But mobile does not have separate memory slot.. either we can use 2 sim (no memory card slot) or 1 sim and memory card..First impression....Awesome!!!!! Very nice design, very good performance. Hope should be durable too and do not face any issue.Every thing is as aspected.. except camera quality is little batter in Lenovo k4 note..in red mi note 3 battery backup is good.Average phone. I can not give more than 3star rating. Not as expected. Camera quality is not so good compare to other MI phone.The item which i have received has battery issue, mobile is continuously getting heat and battery is getting down within 2 Hrs.Guys dont look anywhere else because this is the best phone with amazing sepcs and best battery life you can get in this price.Purchased in the flash sale this wednesday. Was contemplating between many mobiles in the range for 10-20k, finally settled for this, and experience until now has been very satisfying. The lag has not been seen in running applications continuously, nor did I find abnormal heating etc. Updated the software and made it even good. Recommended buy for 12k budgetSuperb battery excellent performance tender touch everyone must take it.dont go with negative review all are false.believe me.Its a great phone. I am also using the MI3W.. All Xiaomi phones come with great specs decent features and are pocket friendly.3gb  model is very good performance as same as iphone at new condition . Price is too good .Battery back up is perfect .PLEASE CHECK THE GYrO SENSOR..ITS ALMOST 5-10% TILT TOWARDS LEFT SIDE WHILE PLACED ON THE HORIZONTAL PLACE EXACTLY AT 180 DEGREE...AND YOU CAN ALSO CHECK BY TESTING THROUGH COMPASS APP...THIS IS MY SECOND PHONE AND STILL THE PROBLEM IS SAME. IF YOU DIDN'T CHECKD IT YET THEN PLS DO IT NOW AND FOR ANY QUERY ,YOU CAN REVERT ME BACK ON THE SAME COMMENT!!!!!First of all l would like to ask those who are looking forward to buy this phone, "why do we buy mobile phone?" The answer is to make calls and to remain in touch with others through social media or check out email etc. So you see guys one of the feature a mobile must have is to provide a stable data connection. I had hear so much about the xiaomi miui 7 software which is full of features, but this phone is not able to provide stable data connection to MTNL subscribers. They say it's a software glitch, hit why release a phone when you know your p phone is having this problem and they are still working on it from last 2 months. My brother had bought a coolpad note 3 lite and most reviewers say that it's software is buggy but at least it provides decent call quality and stable mobile data connection across all mobile networks and that's what most user want. If you are a MTNL subscriber you are stuck with this phone as you will have to repeatedly reboot the phone to get you mobile data connection work. Moreover, now Amazon just replace the phone and there is no return policy. I do not know why they do not now accept the return when there is genuine problem in the phone and replacement will not be able to shove the problem. I do want and request xiaomi and Amazon to recall this phone from market till they solve this problem of mobile data connection with MTNL Network. Moreover, I need to remind others that same sim I have used on gionee ctrl v4 and moto g and moto g2 and I have faced no problem. And on REDMI NOTE 3 other sims l which I tested are Vodafone and airtel are working fine only Mtnl crestes problem and miui India forum is full of people with are reporting this problem with MTNL SIM and their typical reply from last 2 months is that they are working on it. This is the joke they are playing on us Indians. I again request Amazon India to accept the return of this phone as I do not want a replacement.Excellent phone with 3gb ram and have snapdragon 650 with hexa core inside.super camera quality and supports 4g in both Sims and  opens fingerprint in 0.3 secs and selfie is excellent with redmi note 3 device and out. Of 32gb internal storage we get 24.77(approx).phone looks great and has camera with 16 megapixel.Overall the phone is excellent......nice phone.....With ARM's flagship Cortex A72 based lead cores, Redmi Note 3 is really fast ' flagship fast. Cortex A72 - apart from delivering significantly superior performance than its predecessor Cortex A57, is also 20% more power efficient in comparison. SD 650's next-gen Adreno 510 graphics processor delivers a fluid gaming experience. Combined with MiUi 7's system-level speed optimizations..Explore the world through the lens of Redmi Note 3. It has a fast focusing 16MP PDAF rear camera with dual ISPs for higher quality image processing. The large f/2.0 aperture lets in sufficient light to click great images even when the ambient lighting is low. It's the perfect camera.....-------------------------SENSORS:------------------------- Light sensor, Compass, Gyroscope, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Fingerprint sensor, ARE GOOD.....The elegant sheen of metal on Redmi Note 3 not only looks beautiful, but feels sturdy and resilient. Different sections of the back cover connect seamlessly and naturally, giving a super comfortable feeling to your hand ' no sharp edges and no awkward angles. We have maintained the authentic texture of premium sandblasted metal and it is available to you in 3 colors ' Gold, Silver and Dark Grey.---------------------------------------Pros: Premium metal build; Responsive fingerprint sensor; Great battery life; Smooth performance;---------------------------------------Firstly i thank you to amazon for the amazing delivery...!!!Got the phone after so much tries in the flash sale and finally got the phone.NOW ABOUT THE PHONE...........I will note write any specs and all that... every one knows that.. i just highlight the signature things of the phone.First of all, the phone is damm gorgeous guys you cant get better than this in terms of build quality.Nice build in hand and metallic is just awsome.Secondly,it comes with superior Qualcomm Snapdragon 650.Guys i want to tell you that QSD 650 is far much better than Helio X10. Benchmarks also giving the best result. So if you are looking performance then this the phone for you. It defeated the premium flagships phones like Moto X play and HTC quite easily.Guys i know this phone is highly demandable rite now and due to having this flash sale scenario which is so PATHETIC in my view, but if u wait for sometime more and try hard then i will surely suggest you for this. please wait some more if you can bcoz this is a DEAL BREAKER rite now in the market.LeEco 2 & Pro is launching on 4 May in india but it has Mediatek Helio chipset Not QSD... Also u not get the Expandable storage.Why you should Buy this!!!!1. Great performance2. Build quality3. User Interface4. Battery( Superb)5. Value for MoneyWhy you should go with other options!!!!1. Hard to get because of limited Stock ( Seriously frustrated)2. Camera Performance ( Specially in Low like Conditions)Awesome Phone. This phone has excellent features, fast processing speed and reasonably good camera at reasonable price.Amazing phone , got 2 of these bad boys one on flash sale and the other on open sale.have no issues of any kind at all.Received  a defective piece with sim card slot not popping up. when I took to the service centre they made more worse and now I am told to wait for 20 working days to get replaced the sim card plate on payment.  I was told this is not under gurantee and I have to pay.  Praying to God that it should work properly after replacement of simcard plate.A best phone under 12k budget.Dont see the negative comments about it. All phones gets heated up while charging. Im using it from past 1 month and the heating issue has come down. My phone doesn't heat now. Its cooler than before, after the upgraded verion of 7.3.2.1Love the phone, one of the best phone in today's market.If you phone is heating up try to charge oly after it comes down to 20% and upgrade your miui version regularlyIt is a fabulous device which meets all the requirements of a mid ranger and the highlighting factor is its battery lifeBest phone ever don't think ones while before taking such phone it's awesome  that I never seen I just say buy it thanksIts Nano sims or sd cards should not have common port. Why not earphone. Earphone ||||| separate cost is too much Rs 500I guess I was unlucky... But I found out my battery drained by 30% overnight. Each day after update without any reason.Its a nyc phone... But u cant use ur dual Sim n SD card at a tym... Overall its a gud phone at this price n lucks gud..Great , super performance with reasonable price, just found a problem of temperature increase while using data/wifi ...Very fast processor...  Good for gaming...  Bad camera....  Lots of bugs and defects....  Thats the xiaomi redmi note 3Superb mobileProblems -1.takes 2.4hrs to get completely charged.Other than this product is goodAfter 2 months finally, got my rn3 32gb,gold. Its design and display soo good. But a little bit heating while charge...phone is absolute superbbut not a network with 2nd sim inserted like uninor or telenor sim cardthanking youAfter a long wait, finally into my cart, I know this phone is too good for this price tag. wouldn't provide any review.I got a replacement for this unit as the first one started to heat just after few minutes of turning on the phone. I was using the camera app today for a quite a long time it started to heat. Now this is really intriguing as lot of review videos on youtube say that it doesn't heat on heavy usage. Then how come it is heating with the use of camera? I have an Indian make unit and have upgraded to the latest software update. Well it is a metal phone so even a small heat will feel more coz of the body type. Nonetheless, the display is sharp, speaker quality is good, camera quality both front and back is very good and the design is brilliant. In this budget, it can be considered a safe purchase once this mysterious heat issue paradox is solved. I'm guessing their review unit was made more meticulously and the actual units are made in a hurry to cope with the demand. Maybe...One of the best phones in the market..  Smooth as butter and powerful as wellAwesome phone..I am very heavy users of apps and  Internet and this phone work perfectly for that. Long battery life major plus..Easy 1.5 days battery lifeBest smartphone on this range...buyers please dont read the critizing reviews of other people because those who dont get the phone will always critize others so please...i bought this phone from mi.com and i bought the 32gb gold varient...it is the claasic and most powerful phone in its class...so i suggest go for it....Camera could have been better at this price. Rest all is good. Nothing new in the ui side it's same as all mi devices.Every thing is excellent but there is heating problem when charging and using net bettery backup is nit as aspected...I didn't recieved the correct bill of my phone.The IMEI no. of my phone and IMEI no. Written on the bill are not same.A good phone at this price..Grt phn no doubt abt that!!!i am happy with your productHeating problem very badd miit isreally a great phone...JUst Awesome...love 2 use itGood phone in budgeted priceSuperb  amazing  outstandingBook a red me not3Good mobile at reasonable price. Meets all stated specs. Fast, Great display. Large RAM. Good camera, easy to handle.I havr been using the 2 g.b version...superb phone..true value of money.....no issue at all...using from last 40 daysThe product is awesome. I am using it for past 2 weeks. No issues found. Worth for 12K. I am happy with this product.Mobile is really good but when it came to camera i had a doubt it's not a 16MP shooter.... But 8Mp..... When i first opened the package i took couple of pictures with it...... All are worse.... My Samsung Galaxy grand was quite nice even now..... And i came to know that the  max resolution is of 8MP  not 16MP ...... I was shocked to see that....  I tried change camera settings but no option to change the resolution.... Then the software update came via ota....... It fixed the camera problems..... But i think its a software gimmick...And the main problem arises when you update your device to latest version..... i.e heating issues... Its unbearable when I playing games and watching videos in YouTube......Why all are saying there's no heating issue... Maybe they are payed bythe xiaomiIt's a great phone with some powerful features for its price range. But it took me 4 Wednesdays to get my hand on this beast. The marketing strategy needs to be revised, else you'll be losing out on an important market which has a lot of competition. Amazon service was pretty good so no complaints there.Piece is awesome..no doubt..must buy..awesome features in low budget..my main complaint is to amazon..Amazon is an world wide site..but still the delivery man comes in a cycle..and he dosent carry any papers for sign of verification.. improve this Amazon..and the delivey boy's dressing was very cheap..Heating issue,hanging issue3G network is not catchingExcellent phone. I love it.good n nice product, but the cell gets heated during charging n screen is not so strong as shown in youtube videosexcellent and better function quality,because in low budget provide better quality like camera, ram inbuilt memoryOver all working good camera , sound is also working good , but there is some heatup problem at charging time ....It's a good product by Amazon considering the price point.It has all the essential components for daily use.Its an awesome phone at that price.Looks a premium phone and finger print sensor is very fast. Its get heated slightly on charging. Touch ,display sound ,speed are perfect. Camera could have been better but still is good enough. You cant ask for more at this price range.Worth the money.go for it.nice phone with everything under your budget.camera is not so good but yeah everything is excellent.I also use the 16 GB variant using it since first sale.. So far this is the best device in this price category.. The battery seems infinite. Strongly recommended to everyoneWhile listening  radio  incoming  call is not possible  to attain u can listen  ring but will work get option to  receive  call  and during call conversation  u can't open other app and if third  person  calls u will not able to see who is calling  u till u disconnect  current callAt price of 12000 the 32gb version is a great buy.  It took me 3 attempts to crack the stupid Sale on 27 April. Xiaomi/Amazon should stop this sale thing and make this phone freely available. Reduced one star due to the sale process, anyone planning to buy the phone just go for it.RAM Says 3gb and here it is working on only 1.5gb.. Atleast had given a screengaurd or discount or a earphone.. But anyway i love this Phone alot..Overall xiaomi redmi note 3 is good product except camera quality and back flash light is not up to the mark.what a beast....having no lag after opening so many apps and games.....great call quality and display qualityAwesome mobile brilliant camera and high speed booting and excellent gaming performance no lagging or hangingDidn't like this phone at all.Get heated within 5 minutes.Created wrong hype of this phone.flipkart is far better than amazon...once you register for flash sale in Flipkart than definitely you will get your mobile...Amazon need lots of improvements...i am trying from last 5 sales....still not get mobile :( very disappointed..i cant wait any more for this mobile.This is a value for money phone specially for budget buyers. I previously owned a Nexus 4 and hence my review is based on comparison drawn from it.The phone heats up,  too much for my liking. I feel like throwing it in the refrigerator to cool it down. But I've seen many phones in this price range and nearly everyone of it heats quite a lot.Battery is great, I used to charge my nexus thrice a day and this lasts a day with full charge which is amazing because I use my phone 24*7.Camera is good,  display is amazing. Redmi note 3 has better resolution than both nexus 4 and HTC 820.Been using it for a day and I can say I'll definitely recommend this phone to others.this is fakeItz very gud phone using from past 2 mnthz,enjoying such an awesome features ,itz really worth fa UA moneyexcessive heating while charging, non tempered glass, no operational guide, these r few detected this far.Camera Quality Medium.. Not Good& Screen Glass Not Good.. i.e. Gorilla GlassTotally Not Bad...Performance, touch, look all r very good. Best phone. Amazon delivered phone before specified time safely.Phone s getting heating issueIt's getting more than 44And proximity sensor s not working goodVery good mobile at this price rangeMultitasking is very good without any lagGood battery lifePerformance:- 10/10Battery backup:- 10/10Camera:- 8/10Main problem is "Heating".Its a great value for money.... camera could have been made better,  but at this price, i wont complainAwsome mobile worth buying it for that price,Redmi note3 is truly a best flagship phone for less prize.Except heating issues and the colours compared to my old sony xperia phone, everything else looks good.If ur looking for best in class all-in-one budget mobile phone, then look no more and buy redmi note 3!Good specs at this price. There seems to be a heating issues not sure if its the device or the charger.Nice mobile.good speed. got the product in good condition.battery is good lasts for more than one day .Awesome phone go for it!The phone does not have an user-friendly  UI ,all part when compared with the cost paid, its worth it.Awesome mobile at low price value ,performance is outstandingI love it but hotspot not working..Everything is awesome. Camera is not so good. If u need gud camera then don't buy this phone. Buy mi 4Camera quality is very poor . in comparison of 16 MP camera of this phone other brand 8 MP is better .Very disappointed heat while charging or surfing and watching movies battery backup is not good at allAwsome cell with a good budget all facility under one cell .No hanging problem and no heating problemYes it meet my expectations it is somewhat heavy in weight but it is superhit smartphone at this rateCharger wass defective..nott working from thee very first day and amazon executives sayy w can't helpGreat phone it's been a month long no performance issues yet,battery is good last easily for 1.5 daysA very good phone,... It is as smooth as butter..Trying to get one more but unable to get it...Nice phone,but you cannot' remove battery from phone and u can use only one Sim if u use memory card.really great phone with most of the feature it includes as per the technology need i m giving this review after using 3 days of the phone no problem at all in this phone super most features and functions works well and heavy battery backup must buyOnly problem os that either we use dual sim or we use one sim or one sd card otherwise phone is bestAmazing fastest phone with cheaper price.. camera and processors is too good.. touch is nice screen is also uhdits a beast compare 12000 range of phonesno worry about this productno heating issuesno lagging.nice camera, nice display, nice battery backup, and most important is quick charger working nice.I want mobile redme note3Perfect budget phone...No complains about this phone...Buy it without any doubtBack Camera photo is yelloish with flash. Bekar camera hai.google account unable to remove.Great look, great performance the only reason for 4 star is low camera quality in low lightawesome gadget to have...Couldn't have asked for anything better. Happy to invest. Rock solid model. Just loving it.I wanted to gift this phone to my Dad, as he liked the specifications.. But could not place the order as it was already full by 2:06 PMI am very upset with this flash sale system..Please make it available, I have to gift it.. :)I enjoyed the phone 2 day from delivery date....phone is exlnt.but today I update system in phone without bug,after 4 hour I have 63%battery and suddenly switched off phone and not start as 2hour ....then I realise that my new phone is not properly work and defective piece in my hand ...my request for xiaomi is please check the issue and please give me a true piece of xiaomi redmi note 3,Gold 32gb.And amazon is better than other in fast & good packing delivery.......best budget phone.Wow! It's Amazing.Camera quality badExcellent  mobile.ITS REALLY A BEASTOne word go for itmy phone was not supporting 3G and 4G....So i have to replace it.....Do check when u buy phone and buy cover together to prevent scraches on backside of phone......quite impressive and rightly priced.  hope it will continue to perform for years.Satisfied with my purchase. But wud ve loved it if available RAM wud be abt 2 GB.Very happy I got this phone in my very first order... Delivery done within time..I got the phone today in the noon. As i received some one review about front camera issue, immediately after opening tested camera. And What i found is yes, the front camera is blurring not clear nor visible . Immediately I contacted with MI support agent ,they told me to update software. As per instructions I do update software to MIUI 7.2.3 and what a magic.. Now issue in both camera... Even back camera stops working...........Again contacted MI support agent and they told me to test hardware. And during that both camera's hardware test failure. And they suggested to initiate replacement of product. I have started replacement process, and hoping that its better if Amazon refund money. But as they are not refunding as per policy , at least this time they ship a genuine working piece. If they do so i will come again and write positive review.Received my phone in good condition though the box was abit crumbled from the edges.  Phone is overall good mine being gold 3gb ram I only get to use 1.5 gb user space. Decent phone,  gets heated if used for more than 30 mins.  While charging,  your charger will get heat up so bad as if it's gonna explode.  All scanner works perfectly  fine,  fingerprint scanner is quite decent.  Cam is all so good in good lightning condition however an average  cam quality in low light condition. Display quality is awesome a proper fhd screen and night mode is also good. Pretty good quality sound and is loud enough for this range phone overall a decent phone.  (heating problem is minor assuming if you can ignore it and if you are a heavy gamer then you might have some problem using this phone)Amazing product at such a low price. Recieved a somewhat defected piece. Amazon sent me a new and better piece straight away. Thanks to Amazon. Loving a the product even moreBest phone you'll get under 20k atleast... Processor is better than 810 though the graphics won't match 430 with 510.. Still a great phone because of the superb processor...Just in 12 days after I purchase redmi note 3. It started getting heat up....and now the display has gone bad...its showing some blue color... Blurring at the bottom of screen....This is the best mobile in 2016 reallyI ordered this phone and got it within 4 days. Phone's working fine, there's a slight overheating issue, both otherwise phone is top notch and I am happy with the purchase.Finger print sensor not working properly also heating while playing online gamesGood mobile.provides values for money good battery support and processing speed.I am very happy with this phone. Spec's are as advertised. Real value for money.Faster than faster phoneAmazing mobileMi note 3No hang problemVery good product in reasonable price compare to all other mobile in the market.the phone is actually awesome except the camera quallty is average i can say !!!Display is very bad.Colors seems washed out and dull. Everything else is superb.I suggest to buy this mobile ... Lot of features and very fast...AwesomeIts really very good phone nice performance, battery , look and camera also .No one give you this type of device in this price its awesome.Thanks MI & Amazon.amazing phone.. i love it... no problem to transfer the all contents from redmi 1s to RN3 using MI  mover . very fast and fingerprint amazing. Gold color really amazing..Its is really value for money..but i have disappointed with quality of camera. colour reproduction is not that great and even under low light images are so noisy.Extremely appreciated at given price. Smooth performance and good battery life.Might Note 3 is very nice mobile i use it from two months it worked very smoothFinger print scanner not work properly and camera did not met my expectations .Mi Store Shows Virus ALert.Mi security does not get updated automaticallyToo much of lovely.Very good quality product I must say. Thanks to Xiaomibattery is not working as good as first 5 day and front camera also not so goodKisi ko redmi note3 32 gb chahiye kyaMera order ho gya he7089484947Nice phoneHave some issues with bsnl sim  cardsOverall a nice phoneEverything is good.Only issue is camera.But what do you expect at this cost? :)Good phone excellent display.nice battery backup.sound is also loud and clear. I am facing two cons in it..one is its camera quality is average...and other is its fingure print sensor is not responding some times not much but sometimes. I am using from 2 days. Update u all after a week.Update: later i face problem in gps. Its gps was not working properly.it was unable to track and remain stable. So i replace this mobile. Now the new one has another problem of accelerometer. Its auto rotate screen stop working and start working after moble reboot. Every time i have to restart it when auto rotate stopped. I think xiomi is making redmi note 3 with cheap and worst quality hardware for india than china.Redmi note 3 a good phone but  so much heating when are using & social for browsing some work & only 15min of used. And when charging charger and phone gets over heats. A bug is when you are using prefer network type is 3g or 2g then network signal downs as (3-4 lines) will be low, when you are with prefer LTE network you will get full signal strenth on status bar. In low light condition camera is so poor in day light performance is good amount of detail so if you buy this phones  check this  below review1~> heating issues2>some time fingerprint not work properly3>average camera performance Good point of  rn31>good battery2>performance is so good multi tasking3>good amount of displayMany games used to hang in between. Camera is average, battery is also averageI like this phoneExcellent ProductI love this phoneNice cell phone..Pathetic.Just started mobile which got on 06.04.2016 flash. Really surprised when i started camera " cant open camera" message appeared.Done all reboots and first aid but unfortunately it cant.Why mi is giving such a bug in camera. Requested replacement .Let's seeEveryone has written about positive points, I totally agree.- Best Battery- Best Performance- MIUI is simply intuitive OS ( and works flawlessly on 3 GB Ram)I want to point to one flaw (major one).Voice clarity is not at all there for TATA DOCOMO 3g Network.I returned couple of handsets, i though it was issue in speaker of device, but when 3rd handset also created same issue, I realized there is something else going on. Tried switching from 3G/LTE network to 2G network and it worked like charm.So right now I am not able to use DOCOMO 3g network with this handset.This is the only flaw, other that that its awesomeI am sure it will be fixed in future updates.Video good camera good but software is below average.  Ithas technical issuesAwesome phone..as expected..BuT picture quality in dark is not up to d mark..Great handset, performance is awesome, camera is ok but detailing is not goodFantastic productSome heating during charging for phone + charger both.Bottom Buttons stopped working suddenly and now have requested a replacement.Cons..either dual sim or single sim with memory card. Heating while charging.The phone is good looking especially in GOLD.its an iphone in android version at cheaper cost.Worth the cost.Cam is good.Finger print feature is fantastic.Battery is not as good as its sounds  4000mAHOver HeatingAvg Camera(definitely not for enthusiasts)Sim Card Slot is little LooseSlipperyFake flash sale within second it says sold out and wishlist also full3star only because of camera xcept that the device is perfect for your handsThis is perfect phone and very much satisfied. Amazon delivered as promised.In one word... It's an awesome phone..  Within the price range under 15000/-Simply Superb.. But camera not upto mark.. Battery backup is really awesom..Call didn't connecting with jio 4g volte Sim and only Internet will workingThe worst phone ever, Camera is pathetic, the finger print reader is useless, and heating issues, Amazon sucks to the core, they promised a replacement which did not happen for 10 days, after which i asked them for a refund instead of a replacement. The refund cheque has been issued and i asked them for a online transfer which they politely denied as the cheque has been issued. On 21 the cheque had been re-issued due to me not being available on the then registered address. why would amazon re-issue a cheque when i had requested for an online transfer.Amazon will be soon booked for deficiency of service and fraudulent service... Pathetic product on a pathetic website.Using since from 4 days..... Best cellphone ever I found.... People say heating and all... Trust me... I never got such fault in my redmi... Loved itA very good product at a very reasonable price.  Product is made in India and not in China so you can rely.Battery backup is solid and Interrace is good.  Fingerprint sensor is awesome and I found it very useful.Many additional software features that MI has given.Cons:-Back panel color will fade due to scratches so suggest to buy back cover.  I have Brought transparent one and it looks very nice.Front glass is not gorilla glass 3 so chances of breakage is there.  I have used a tempored glass on top of it.Camera is not great.  It says 16 my.. But quality isnt that great.  Front camera is good compared other phones which have via or 1mp cameraJust the span of 15 days time, my new MI Note 3 Charger not working... kindly replace Charger. and tell me the procedure how to return the charger..Not to gud in battery life and do lags some time get heat during chargingMetal body is heating very much,replace with plastic or fibre body.Value for money. Finger print sensor is fantastic.  Good speed as of now.nice productsome hitting issue on charging but overall nice productGr8 phone...!!! Nice specs.... Fingerprint sensor works really well...!!!Not a good phone....very slow browsing....problem in creating mi account.pro -Camera Quality - excellent, Good Battery Back up, no hanging isue, good speed by hexa core proceesser, 32GB rom & 3 GB Ramfingerprint working very fine.looking so awesome.con -two slots are available in the tray. we can use only dual sim or one sim and memory card.HI,My review is based on use of 1 day. so not done complete  use on  mobileBut one thing  i felt  Camera is not bad and also not so  good.. i felt its average.Because after clicking the image . i felt original image and mobile image looks difference in light dark night (means at 6.00 PM).and i got device defect. front camera is getting blurred images , so i raised request for replacement on 5/6/2016****one more point -- Mobile getting heat in first days of using mobile and i did't insert sim card in mobile.*********waiting for  new product .*******but amazon delivery with in short period.(after booking the product next day i got product)Thanks amazon .Fake sale i will never buy mi products next time fake marketingRadiation is too high sar value is 1.256 it is so high its creating headache and pain in ear I purchased in 12000 and sold in 10500 after 15 daysReally a good piece for the Price except for the video/audio sound levelShipment was missing earphones and arrived with an incompatible charger.There is hybrid memory card slot. Other wise very nice phone. I like it.Here my genuine review for all the people who really want to buy this phone but little bit confused because of the previous reviewsI don't know why people having problems in their redmi note 3Mine is working perfect fine..no issues till nowPerformance is really goodAnd is really good..believe me..I'm a selfie lover..and I'm very happy with its camera performanceOnly one problem is there!Heating problemIt gets warm in top right of the front side when I use it heavilyBut I do have to neglect this negative pointBecause its performance is really good at this price rangeSo don't think twice..go for itBest phone...10000 to 12000 Rs.Battery backup is not good.. The battery backup will come 1 day only when you are talking more & camera clarity is not good.Phone is getting hit while charging.. Camera quality is not great. Other features are OK.. Processing Speed is definitely a point to go for it.Good phone but I feel for 10k buying 2gb 16gb gb why not buy letv Le 1S for 9989 with 1 percent discount 3gb 32gb versionThe phone is very nice....camera quality and performance is really goodIts a excellent phone with good battery n camera with superb clearity..It's good mobile. It's worth to pay 11,999 rupees for so many features.It's good and faster working.I am happy for using better product.i love it ,amazing performance in budget smart phone in india this timeI thing everything is all right but the Camera of the Phone is not goodIn this mobile phone is over heating and automatically preas home botonJust got my Note 3 yesterday and I have already become a fan! The phone works with lightening fast speed and the touch response is just awesome. I am listing out some of the pros and cons below:Pros: Superfast processor, amazing looks, sharpness of the screen, customization options, very reasonably priced for the features offeredCons: Hybrid dual sim (if you use the second sim, you cannot use external SD card), no earphones, no  gorilla glassThe rose gold colour looks very rich and is not blingy at all! I would certainly recommend this phone to people who are not brand conscious and those who want more bang for the buck.This mobile camera was vary worst condition & the Photo,video clarity not goodWhen i put charge , the mobile was fully heat condition.Just a waste of time for a crappy product.. Slipped outta my hand from 2 feet and frame is bent.. Not worth wasting valuable time in flash sales for this phone.. Good phone is not just good processor and ram, it requires proper marketing, planning and much more which Xiaomi don't know. Gave a 1 rating cuz there's no minus 1Recieved the phone yesterday... The build seems to be good and no lag or perfomance issues.... The only problem is heating while charging..27april...Finally i ordered redmi note 3  gold 32gp.. I so excited..!!  ..!! Almost 8 months i waiting this mobile..!!  I soo happy..!!amazon this is wrong....I have registered each sale from 3 march but I am unable to book MI NOTE 3 up till now. every time I click add to cart you website or app just hangs -_- this is very badbut charging problem plese proper mobile chekut whin delevard costumerSuperb Phone.. Works Fine and It would be nice if Mi Protect is given.Amazing phone by amazon powered by Xiaomi. Excellent Phone Full marks.Not satisfied, good  features but so many bugs that are not fixed yet.Good product... Superb battery life.... Camera could have been better.Excellent phone ever....... best premier quality..........thanxs xiomiThe phone is worth above price. It's working to the features provided.working fine . so many features at this price + amazon service is bestBest phone everExcellent phoneSuperb handset.Value for moneyHeating problemNice collectionamazing productIt's awesome :)Eagerly waitingOver heated and bluetooth headsets not working this deviceI liked the phone ..however it seems there is some issue with volte support in 32 GB version ..software update or UI update didnt help ..Awesome phone in this range .good camera quality and good touch with fast browsing . 4 bcz it heat up while charging but later coolsdown.Battery not even as 2400mah. Camera also not working properly. Golden colur is good looking. But m not satisfied with products responsesgood phone with good features in so competitive price band. I love itheat problem while charging and it hang when you use external memory.Great product.....5 stars to Amazon for such a great courier network.Exellent mobile. i got past 4 days. feeling very good. Thanks Amazon.Good Product but when used with heavy operation its heats up slightlyAll over the product is good but it is not able to detect 4g network.Amazing phone. Build quality is great, although the metal finish on the back makes the phone somewhat slippery which can be solved by using a good back cover. Camera quality is average, which has improved marginally after the MIUI 7.2.3.0 update, but I really won't complain about the camera keeping in mind the price of this phone. You get about 25 GB storage when using for the first time. Out of 3 GB, about 1.5 GB of RAM is available at your disposal. Fingerprint sensor works great, recognizes correctly about 9 out of 10 times. MIUI 7.2 is great, though it uses up a good amount of your RAM. Speakers are satisfactory but volume is reduced to half of its original loudness when the phone is kept on its back. The FHD display is just awesome. The 360 videos on YouTube work just like they should, perfect! WiFi supports 2.4 GHz as well as 5 GHz bands. SIM 1 slot is a Micro SIM and SIM 2 slot is Nano SIM. The SIM 2 slot can also accommodate a Micro SD card but at the cost of the phone being used as a single SIM phone. IR blaster works perfectly fine. Coming to the battery life, it is just awesome, can pull off one day of heavy usage pretty easily. Some people have been complaining of an over-heating problem. I found out that although the device heats up during charging, it is not fiery hot. Can be used just perfectly. And the only time the phone heats up a bit is when you charge it up, not during average daily use. Summing it up, this phone is totally worth for the price you're paying. And if the average camera quality bothers you, go for something else. Thanks for reading!MI FLASH SALE IS FAKE I AM TRY TO ORDER LAST 4 FLASH SALES BUT NOT POSSIBLE MI AND AMAZOIN MAKES INDIAN FOOLSIt's an excellent one.. Just amazing.. Nothing to say more than that.. Just played fifa after getting handset.. Awesome with no lag..Best mobile in his class  I really difficult to wait for this mobileSuperb fone.... No heating... Go for mi flip cover looks elegant....Excellent mobile in 12 k rangeCamera quality is little bit lowPerformance good battery life is too good bad camera average displayoverall the phone is good, but surely camera quality can be made better, and the when we listen songs without the headphone the sound isn't loud enough, even with highest volume set.on the other hand, the MIUI is very well built extension of Android, lot of themes, and phone build is good.Wonderful Phone ever in this range.  No problem in this super phone.Xiaomi is xiaomi excellent mobile, best in the market for the price.Nice mobile..camera clearity is too gud battery back up... ExcellentGreat  mobile.. Just really happy and lucky that I got this mobile..This phone is good but this phone has high heating issue so i can not recommended it.Nice phone and one drawback is there is no slot for memory card. either we can insert two sim cards or one sim and one memory card.the phone is very good in all expect if you are a regular user, but it is complicated for DEV users...!Good looking and very nice feature and good camra long time batteryFront camera quality disappoints a lot. Over all its a good productValue for moneyGood hardwareAwesome lookSatisfiedThis phone meets all my expectationsBattery life is very goodTo bad... Liye hua 1 month hua aur software ud gya ... Gtiya mobileSuch an amazing device !!! Its fast and pretty comfortable to use!!Don't even think buying this phone... .Waste of money n time.Good phone camera is OK gaming is awesome multitasking is also goodnice mobile, and really good battery back up, but processor is slowThis is very good product.I so much happy to use this mobile.Complete Value for money.. worth every single rupee.. Go for it..I like the product and the product is really very good and the gold color is the best. it performance is better then all mobile.OsmNo other options perfect phone under 15000.camara quality is only a draw back when compare with other phones like samsungNice.i never saw a mobile like this.i really merasel aiten......Finally I have got redmi note 3 gold thank you Amazon India ....This phone brouhted Very good phone RAM&ROM is very fast workingPhone has good design and no heating and excellent fp sensor....I order redmi note 3.  Phone is good but charger is not working.Awesome phone, purchased for my brother who is satisfied with itLooking good but camera is not working properly in my phone. ...The mobile is awesome.A feature full mobilewith low price.Managed to get one on 27th April.  But returned it as battery did not get charged after the factory charge.  Amazon delivery sucks.  Had to shout to the call center, after the pickup was 'rescheduled on my request (!)'.This mobile's performance  is above rom My expectations...greatIt is an average phone like other phone of same specifications.Very good phone, Off-course camera disappoint you a little bit.Nice phone working is very nicePhoto Results is very goodVery good smart phone with aesthetic looks at reasonable price.Got it on 5th Week, waited for 1 and half month, Its very good.Nice  one....I love this product....n service is so fast...goodOrant steel mahtura rood jahansetle balahmgad faredabad haryanaIt is amazing phone ,no any issue,great ui  and great features.redmi note 3 is best featured phone for such price till now !!!Very good and excellent mobile. And your app service excellentAwesome phone...Excellent features.  Do buy without any doubt.Phone is very good but a small disappoinment with back camera.Awesome smartphone in smart price..N nice service of Amazon..completely satisfied with amazing product of xiomi..Don't worry who ever not able to buy this phone. Lot of issues. Can't even play racing games as tilt function is not working properly. Go for another brands. Asked for replacement.This is a honest review.Even after replacement i found the same issue. From the MIUI website I found that all the redmi note 3 mobiles have the gyroscope sensor problem especially in low light conditions due to interference of Gyroscope sensor and light sensor. Due to this we cannot play motion sensor games during night. So, this phone cannot be used for gaming at night :( . I suggest not to go for this mobile since there are lot more issues like connectivity problem, wifi problem, heating problem etc.No Words For This Flagship Phone.Redmi Note 3 might not have the best camera in its price-range, but it ticks all the right boxes. Battery, which can be a pain point at this price is not a problem, the display and sound work fine, the phone has virtually no lag. Plus, youre not paying a bomb for this smartphone; Rs 11,999 and you get 32GB space. As Ive noted earlier, theres a lot of competition in this price-point like LeTv Le1s but it too backed behind because of lack of expansion of storage.. Xiaomi to some extent has established itself as a player in the market and for now, this would be my recommendation to anyone looking for a phone in this price-bandFor me, the highlight would be what I call the all day and then some more battery along with the powerful Snapdragon 650 smartphone. The camera is a disappointment, but only because of standards one hold Xiaomi up to. Otherwise, its performance is par for the course for smartphones in this price segment..Received it today.. All's great except for this sticker at the back..annoyingly stupid it is.. how to remove it?this phone sucks....it hangs sometimes....has lot of bugs.....my wifi doesnot work in this phone....proximity sensor sucks.....ther eis also heating issues....overall its a NO from mei am returning itCamera quality is very poor.All other things are gerat.nice experience to use.......Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (Gold, 32GB)Absolutely no complaints. Works as mentioned on their websiteAwesome phone no comparison ,great features ,I love this phneI am very much impressed, exciting features in such a budget.Best phone i have ever used in my life..Super awesomeeeOnly battery heating issue when I play games otherwise great.Not as good as expectedOne of the best mobile.Phone arrived on time. It is as described. The description does not mention it, but it has expandable storage.after a lots of try i got it on 27april........now waiting for the beast Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (Gold, 32GB).....Nice Phone, Lucky enough to have this 32GB Gold Piece on very first flash sale on March 9th.Only problem is Vibration is not working while incoming call or message. Thought it is my piece problem, Happening same with Friend piece as well.  Seems this is a bug on the whole product...Expecting Xiaomi should fix this ASAP....Picture quality is good, Slow motion video is awesome.MI Remote is superb, we can use mobile as remote for most famous TV's(Sony,LG, Samsung and many other), Also Tata Sky , Airtel and so on.We can use MI Remote for may electronic devices like AC, Speakers and many devices. Happy with this Remote.Finger touch unlock works as expected. It doesn't disappoint.Wireless display to TV as a Miracast works awesome. But not that fast streaming for games. For Video its fine.Child mode and lite mode are good. Password lock for apps is good, we can lock apps to avoid friends/family peep in to personnel apps.this is super and good quality product... but charger issuBest Budget Phone and Amazon Service is also very Good !!!Damaged productSmart unlock and great features and also long life batteryBit Heating issue is there while usage as well as chargingfingerprint sensor same time problem overall phone is goodHi when i charging this phone  that  time so hitting phoneI got d phone in the 27th April sale. found no issues so far. the display is awesome. battery life is nice. processor is great. ram performance is good. sound is fine. camera under low light is below par. but under proper light conditions it is good. no heating issues so far.altogether the phone is awesome. :)Still how many years ur flash sales going we are going to meizu3 note thuuuuuuuuuiuiuuuu fake productPremium feel...Upto the mark for the price :)Thumbs up for the battery life...It lasts a whole day with heavy usage and still good to go... :)The response of automatic brigtness seems to have some glitches....hope its a software conflict , hope xiaomi fixes this issue in the next update.. :)camera : Not bad for the price...can't say its great...best for the price :)FP Sensor : Just awesome  .... :DOverall : Fully satisfied :DAfter working 7 day I have give my review. Guys I must say phone is awesome with built quality and performance is excellent. Display looks good . Camera is also nice. And I have impressed with the features and mostly with the reading mode. And in reading mode u have select the app after that when you open it it is in open in reading mode automatically. Must say awesome phone with features.those who have interested in reading and using different exam related app they will help a lot.I have purchased this phone just one week back but feeling sorry for my wrong decision. The company is claiming to have camera of 16 MP capable of giving excellent photo quality. but fact is that its camera quality is very poor particularly in case of zoomed photography / videography. Heating is another problem. there is no improvement even after installing miui updates. Do not get lured / fooled by its good advertisement. Do not buy it. I wish to return back this phone.  Ajay KumarA beast n itself...Advantages:Nice in hand feelQuick Finger print sensor, works 9/10 times.sufficient internal storage (25 gb approx)Fast processor, works smoothly, no lag noticed yet..Battery backup is amazing. can last 2 days easily.Good Memory management, no need to kill apps now and then..Disadvantages:Average Camera.Takes Long time to Charge.(Approx 2 hrs)Overall a very nice buy at this price point ,i purchased redmi note 3 a week ago from amazon . Thanks to amazon for deliverling this product on time . Features of Phone is very good . camera clarity is too good , All the features in this price range is not available in any other brands . so go for it if u want value for money product .One thing i noticed the mobile is heating too much while charging . I dont think it is normal . MI should comunicate with users to clarify or clear the worries .All other things are ok .This phone is very good and camera quality is very good .This is the phone which get 5 star from all of that usersWhat a performance. Woah! Extremely delighted to have it.A classic ,perfect gadget perfect price ,value for money.Little issue in camera.. Except that, very nyc phone.. :)except camera all features are good in the budget off 12kCamera performance is not up to the mark. Rest is good.Internet so slow,it is saying vo LTE,waste for browsingExcellent battery, fast,  good ui...... Worth the moneyIts a perfecct smartphone.  Its quality is excellent. IPhone is loaded with features and awesome battery life.Except camera every thing is excellent. average  camaraThe product is good ,but the brightness in fluctuating.Fabulous. Don't think just buy if the budget suits you.Nice Phone camera clarity very good. I like this phone.It has some problem in play store.Not functioning, always says " there was a problem communicating with google server"please sugestClass 1, don't expect more in Rs 11999.Worth it.Very good handset , I just loved it..thanks Amazon..Amazon is super..it is very good and mobile is super..best mobile at this price.... Best part is battery....Amezing phone..... after one month nice performnce....Good phone ,picture quality sharpness needs attention.Excellent Product and Timely Delivery from Amazon!!!!!the device looks fine but...it has this heating issue.This is simply a great phone. I really really love it.the look is really coll slim n veryvery catchy productGreat deal but little high on price, some other products are available at lower price.Looks are very attractive, slim phone, charging very fast. no heating. battery backup is good, you can run it for full day.The problem I faced it with selfie stick, when attach with selfie stick, the sound system collapse, you have to switch off and on the phone. The another problem with it, when go on roaming, you have to select network manually.1.Look & Feel good and Atlantic2.Long lasting battery back up3.Camera is not impressive upto the mark like 16 MP is only on paper in reality it like 8MP.4. Volte is not working in sim-2. Some of the pieces having working Volte in Sim-2.5. If 4G working in Sim-1/Sim-2 with net connectivity and then If u like to swipe the net connection to other 2G/3G sim card then your 4G connected sim slot goes under emergency mode.RN3 best smartphone under 12k..Express delivery from Amazon. I'm not sensing any heating..Very nice phone and thanks for Amazon for quick delivery because I was very excited to see my redmi note3 .As I  was excited to see the phone it does not make me upsets phone itself is very nice.Light in weight.nice look in hand.Smooth touch. Nice battery back up with dual SIM .Only thing is that when I switch data connection from one SIM to another the cellular network of both SIM disappeares for 15 to 20 sec.Otherwise it is very nice.Camera very poorEvery other thing in it is very goodCam. Is bad in low lightsPoor Camera.The picture quality from its rear camera(16 Megapixel) is poorer than my Gionee M2 (8 Megapixel camera).Also lacks in multitaskingI have purchased the phone on flash sale of 16th March. On 18th March I have received the Phone . It is a 32 GB  Gold color one.The design is good  and looks like worth more than Rs. 12000. Initially on 1st day the phone got heated little but later there is no heat issue.The 2nd sim is nano in hybrid slot and initially there is net work drop and later the issue has been fixed and now both the sims are working well. But one thing , if 1st sim is used in  4G or 3G networks the 2nd sim can only work in 2G. The video and audio quality is very good .The best thing in the phone is definitely the 4050 mAH batttery. The phone is made by Xiaomi but not in China but it is  a Made in India product. It is a value for money product.Nice phone but lenovo zuk z1 is more better then it..Good performance Phone.This Phone is made for Indian.Everyone asking from where I got the cover :) Love itGood Product the best in the price segment until now.Great phone.user friendly,fast and  value for money .Amazing phone...beyond expectations it is performing.Rear Camera clarity is not up to the mark............THE BEST PHONE B/W U CAN BUY UNDER 15K...GO FOR IT the best mobile i have been using......LOOOOOVEEED ITbest ever phone no heating issue and also good cameraThe Delivery was prompt and the product is excellent.nice product. sometimes fingerprint scanner not work.Phone arrived in good condition and working perfectlyMy mobile is good but gets overheat while or working.love this .battery backup and performance is awesome.Simply Awesome, no problem with sunlight visibility..Great deviceBut finger print selfie not workingAwesome phone eligible for tag "kam mein bum"To me this is the best phone that money can buy.. The only two minor issues are that the pictures are not good in low light.. But its a mobilr and not a slr camera.. And two it heats up  a bit when you put it to charge..other than this,  this is truly outstanding.. Be it looks,  the premium metal feel,  light weight,  long battery life,  superb hd display,  fast charging and so on.. This ought to be bought without a second thought.Detailed reviews already have been posted , but some impressive points about this phone:1. High definition display, text is so vivid that you get experience as if you are reading on kindle device with E-ink technology, also excellent visibility in sunlight.2. Performance speed is at par, no lags faced even with heavy multitasking. Device is much responsive.3. Infrared remote is way beyond expectations, it gives feel of native remote with ultra-fast response and also syncs with device (such as AC, TV) and displays LCD information on smartphone's screen.4. MIUI interface is icing on the cake. Many options in settings menu to customize interface.and much more.Superb Phone Go for iti migrated from Mi3 and getting more performance than it....No words, It has everything you expect from a phone.Good  looking and economical phone with all featuresi received defective piece i.e dent mark on the bodyProduct is very good and very good service by amazonAfter 10 minutes use mobile temperature 46-50 degreeUndoubtedly the best phone you can get under 12K right now. 3GB is obviously better as MIUI is a memory hogger and 2 GB will leave you with only around 500MB free. Things will be better if you root and install stock. If I do that, I will post an updated review later.The flash sale model sucks, but hang in there people. It is worth it.Combination of unique Design and ultimate technologyAwesome PhoneValue for moneyBattery performance unbelievableVolte working fineCamera goodDisplay crystal clearSlim and Nice build qualityNo lag and no heatingTotally its a BEASTCamera clarity great for a phone of this price.Front cam is absolutely beautiful.Battery life is not as expected but is good for 1.5 days.Lots of apps won't work properly(Messenger).Hope the problem will be solved in the next update.Finger print scanner is accurate.The phone is super fast.It is heating a bit when playing games and charging.Otherwise no heating issues.i strive hard to get this mobile and  Ultimately i have got one after 5 weeks of struggle. this is amazing mobile i have seen in recent times with in the limited budget.I ll strongly suggest to go for this mobile. all my friends just got impressed wid dis model and willing to go for it.AMAZON great work, i was updated every moment regarding my order status and impressed with amazon service.Finally ordered 3+32gb gold version. I feel happy my dream mobile hold my hand.. today i got so wait using and performance details soon..5 star for Battery,4 star for Look, (1 star deducted for slippery),4 Star for Resolution,4 star for image and video recording,3 Star For sound quality,4 star for processor speed,3 Star for Network,3 Star for fingerprint scanner,3 Star for front cam,4 Star for Games,3 Star for heating issue,1 star for flash shale(long time waitlist period).''Not upto my expectations. Brought this 2 weeks ago. First few days it was like awesome phone, but after that heating issues raised, phone becoming hot frying pan while charging. Next One handed mood is not working, sometimes phone getting restarted automatically, applications closing automatically.Xiaomi you guys failed, in my view.Awesome phoneI love the features it is havingNithishKaveripattinamKrishnagiri-635112Ultimate phone but only problem is it heats quickly but battery life and gaming is better than all moto and other top company Androids.....Premium quality and performance at an amazing priceNow you can even take photos justing touching the finger print sensor..software updXiaomi Redmi Note 3 (Gold, 32GB)i love this product nice sellerGo for asus zenfone..great mobile..i m using this mobile for 8 months.. u would satisfy.. flipkart is far better..Received the phone after 1 day delay. Amazon was good as usuall. About phone it looks premium. But after 10 days of usuage i find some problems as screen rotation. Some times it does not work and i have to turn off and on screen rotation to start it working.Another annoying issue is whenever i tried to browse some internet site it takes me to another site and warning message flashes saying virus found. Which is not detected by security app. It takes to playstore and ask to install certain app but still the problem remains. Before this i was using sony experia and never face such problems. I am concerned about security of my data on this device.Nearly excellent purrfect product. Packaging was neither bubble wrapped nor in Amazon pouch. Box did not have product information & DIY booklet. Started on my previous Mi4i experience only. Hardware, display, mind boggling. Still unable to work out low quality images. But my criteria of 5.5 inch display & 3 GB RAM met at 12K. Know 6-20 GB RAMS are coming soon. Still great deal equivalent to steal. :))))It was just a dream to get one...Has been using since two days.. ..Works really very smoothly...IR facility makes the phone diff from others.... MI UI  is really awesome to use...But the battery keeps draining slowly...say 1cent for every two to three hours...may it's due to its notifications lights and the sensors...but over all very much satisfied....Thanks Amazon...and xiaomiReceived my phone through the flash sale held on amazon on 6th April.Good phone with a fast & responsive UI given its retail price point.Couple of inclusions by Xiaomi which could have made it perfect:1. Hybrid sim. Should have provided a different slot for the Memory card and the sim tray exclusively for the 2 sims (Micro & Nano). Though 32GB is a decent amount of space.2. NFC should have been included.However, after 3 days of use and loading all the data on it, i have no complaints.If you get it, go for it. It is a premium phone for the price point.All the best to everyone for the next flash sale.Good Phone. And as always amazon delivered well...Best phone in under 12000Awesome performancePhone is good & working fine...But some get hangedGood phn and amazob courier service are  also goodIt has a very nice camera quality n Battery backupvery excellent features...its upto my expectation.I get everything to be want from such budget phoneIts a good phone.... Battery backup  quite good bought it for the battery backup, camera and soundReally good product.Xiaomi is my favourite..One of best in this price range Ignore  haters -_-Using from past 3 days nice phone with good looks.Simply awesome. Go for it guys.....value for moneySorry.No more interested. Waiting is enough.Nice phoneHeating upNice phonenice mobelGOOD BUT need little improvement in camera.......Its a beautiful phone.. I love it....Started Heating so much in 10min while using wifigood Product,very well Packed and fully SatisfiedNot Good. Phone got heating while talking in callAwesome look, Great Performance, Value for Money.Good cconfiguration but worst camera in low lightHeating and 2nd sim not work properly so help us.Overall good phone but gets warm during charging.Lovely phone ,feels amazing,priced as low as it should be,and performance overall superb,no hesitation should be go for it .prefer 32 if u r able to get it and love u xiaomi for such a nice gadgetAwesome phone in this budget.....go for it without any secondary thoughts!!!!One of the best phone ever I have used, very usable all features are in right place. Screen very smooth and bright screen. Very good battery, no lag. Hi speed WIFI. Overall very good phone. I guess with next update camera should get improved. Otherwise overall great phone, I would recommend for my friends.Samsung Note 2 => OnePlus 2 => Vibe => redMI note 3Good phone, but only unit can be purchased, always good service from Amazon,Friends Dont buy this phone this phone Camera qualities is too much poor after update now also this phone screen resulation give too much dark and camera results too much dark and red too much poor quality friends this company create artificial demand.TOO MUCH POOR PHONE QUALITY PHONEBest Phone with Great Hardware and awesome MIUI.Heating problem while charging. Others are superAmazing phone with low price and quick delivery.I am trying last one month but did not get phoneFantastic power backup... With amazing features.It is so so so bad product delivery I hat Amazoni have been iphone user  for a long time now and was planning to shift to android platform for some time.the phone has quite a sleek look and feel . As mentioned by others amazing battery life with my moderate use needs charging once every 2 days.good functionality overall. picture quality is good through might be better. how ever for the price the phone is a steal and would recommend highly.the amazing thing about android platform is the varied choices we get at a throw away price. i am not even spending fraction of price i was spending on apps and music download.Just I am falling love with dis awosme mobile dnt think so go for it guysMust improve camera other wise every thing goodFully Loaded features & Quality at Lowest priceAmazing phone.....all good.....I M loving it...Led glass was a bit cracked....... Overall niceGood phone, meets expectation. Value for Money.Phone is heating up a lot on usage of Internet.Performing well. But camera quality is mediocreFor Phone 5 star but for Amazon delivery 0 starGood phone with more features within 12k price. Performance is very good. And its look awesome.  Battery is also powerful. Totally best product as compared to other smart phones. Amazon provided good selling service.I love MI phones...Nd yeah  note 3 is superb...Its awesome. go for it. totally worth the pricefall in love with this phone.paradise for gamer bestSir stock available but i am not buying this mobileGo for it!!!Phone are good but heeting and hanging problemIts s very nice Mobile, thanx  for you amazon.Very good processer but camera not like a 16mpGood phone excellent but camera isnt very goodPerformance and design is so good this a good.A complete Smartphone........best in its classGood phone and reasonable price. Great sensorsI get good quality product,It runs good.Super phone with build quality and performanceWhile charging and using it gets extremely hotAn excellent product with huge battery backup.During charge the  phone warm and battery downVery nice phone, the best in this price range.Wonderful device by MI.I have received RN3 on 20th May. Till now I did not face any problem or lag in device.Good Sound QualitySmooth touch experience.Customizable android with gr8 MIUIFingerprint senser is nice and accurate.Build quality is good for this price range.Overall experience with phone is good till now.Smart looking , Low weight , High processes , with Good battery backupexcellentExcellentVery goodi love itExcellenti love itExcellentVery goodAwesome phone and committed delivery on timeGood performance till now.Using for 2 monthsNice Phone in the given price. Worth Buying.NICE PRODUCT AND GOOD SERVICE BY AMAZON ALSOAll things are good but only heating problemPhone is amazing but service of amazon is very poorFor mi note 3 mobile....I given 5 star.....But for amazon service .....1 star onlyBest phone at this budget. On first booting, i received miui update OTA 7.2.3 from Xiaomi. But i used previous version i.e. miui7.2.2, it had some bugs and after updating, all the bugs are fixed. MIUI is beautiful to operate and its fantastic. Thanks Xiaomi but selfies could not be taken using fingerprint scanner, thats the letdown.Thoroughly disappointed by the phone. I mean just on the second day of use there is an hardware problem  . And customer service says go to our service center i mean seriously we dont have anything else to do. If you want my advice don't go for this one  spend 2-3k more and get the J7, which is far better than this chinease phone.This phone is a beast. I mean in less than 15K you are getting top of the end features like 3GB RAM, fingerprint sensor and a good display and a massive battery.Also, to top it, we have Xiaomi's unbeatable customer support and commitment and this phone is made in India, so feels good contributing to my country's economyIT has been around a week or a little more and so far i am liking the product. the cam quality is amazing and the processor runs like a charm. nice interface but have a little heating problem when using a lot or on charging. the battery backup is exceptional though. I would say you get more than what you are paying for here.Mobile good but heat problem is major issueNice phone with all features and good looksExcellent Volte mobile in this price range.GoodAs per expectations and satisfiedLovely phone. Good performance. Doing well.Good budget Mobile battery backup is v goodIt's a fine product and working nicely.....Dear sir i need a invoice copy for the same#07# is not working. Phone is good no doubtAmazing handset request to send head phone.An excellent mobile ...best value for moneyJust another owsom product from mi good oneAwesome... Need to work on camera quality..Price worthy product... i love this productValue for money.  Battery, speed very good.Excellent Mobile phone in this price point.Its a good phone.... with an average cameraLuck to have Redmi note 3. Delivery on timeProduct was delivered on time & it was goodExcellent phone.....but has heating issues.camera performance could have been better.Good product but please fix all bugs in osAwesome phone much better than a 40k phoneits awesome mobile worth buying frm amazonReview Based on 2 weeks use ,ProsBattery Back up - AwesomeFeel - AwesomeQuality - AwesomeBattery gets charged very quickly like in 1:30 hrs & Runs for 36 hours with good useConsCant use two sims & SD card at one time . although not for me as i am single sim user .HELLO FRIEND MY SELF SHUBHAM KUMAR AND I BUY XIAOMI REDMI NOTE 3 MOBILE. IN THIS MOBILE I FACED MANY ISSUE SUCH AS HEATING PROBLEM.IN NORMAL USE IT TEMPERTURE GOES IN AROUND 40 C AND CAMERA OF THIS MOBILE IS BAD. IN LOW LIGHT OR AVERAGE LIGHT IT REAL CAMERA 16MP ARE VERY BAD. IT DOES PERPORM THAT MUCH CLEARTY.Not goodNice picGOOD ONEloved itMobile heating continuously. except that every thing ok. but Main is Heating problem.this phone has heating issue otherwise this is a good phoneThe phone is as good as promoted, but I am a little disappointed with the automatic brightness, which tends to make the display too dark as evening falls. Have to keep it at 50% brightness in the automatic brightness setting, which keeps the display legible at night, but too bright during the day which tends to eat up the battery.Camera is disappointing too.Phone as well as the charger heat up to abnormally high levels while charging.A great phone at this price point though.These niggles can easily be overlooked, considering the performance of the phone on the whole.Looks much more premium than it's price suggests.i had brought this product on 18 may 2016, while charging it is becoming very hot and some time while playing the games  the instrument is  beome very hot unable to hold in the hands. i request the people who want to by this product please verify with others if possible give some tips to solve my problemBest mobile.. Super fast n perfect design, in spite of being 5.5 ot feels 5.0 phone.It's so late,  and not get handset mobileAwesome mobile but delivery was late.....Awesome mobile at lower price....worth itBuilt quality bit poor otherwise its bestGreat Product and delivered in quick timeNice product. More than my expectation...Greatest smart phone @ unbelievable priceI love this phone it's really nice to useExcellent phone deserves more than 5 starNo issue good products but ship time longFinger sencar problem camera clearty poorOnly gripe would be lack of 4k recording.Very nice stylish and comfy,miui is easy and convenient,heavy usage also battery stands a long upto 1 day,camera quality is not as much expected.Sometimes it's getting reboot automatically.overall very good smart phone in this range .I hate Amazon flash sale and mi open saleGot unlucky with a disaster piece. Had been a mi user and avid Amazon fan but this buy is dissatisfying. After couple of days and software updates the front camera showed broken images with pink and blue lines... hope this is a software thing and not hardware. One month and heading to service centre...Me and my 2 other friends have bought this product, but only my 1 friend has got a well built phone otherwise me and the other one have a problem in the phone that it's a little bit loose around the charging point. That's why I requested a replacement for it. Hope this time I'll get a well built phone.this is fake....NICE PHONE IN LOW PRICE BUT NOT AVALABLE IN LAST ONE MONTHFantabulous phone... Great display great battery backups insanely nice performance1.The device heats a lot not only during charging which is absolutely extreme but also during normal internet uses.2.Camera performance in low lighting is pathetic.3.Mobile data connection is also not good even when using 4G, 4G network speed is just average, many a times network drops.This is Simply a Mid Range Master piece.camera is not good but phone overall gr8It is really a nice phone for the price.One word xiaomi Redmi note 3 super phoneI want this. I am waiting for this. It is amazing phoneI got the phone after 2 days from ordering date and the phone works well without any problem.  The phone had no defects and is working well.  It gets heated during charging though.But not able to take pics with fingerprint scanner even after upgrading to latest version of MiUi.Best ever mobile in this price categoryPhone is really good. Worth every buck.will surely fulfill all ur expectationsnice one with good battery backup......hey best affordable phone[...][...]Nice phoneBattery backup was coolExcellent Product. Worth spending moneyHeat Problem and camara results averageGrttttt phone awesome I love this phoneAt ths rate good one....3gb ram is goodAwesome mobile with great features.....Nice Product from Red mi worth for costOn time delivery and excellent product.Xiaomi Redmi customer service availableVERY NICE ONE WAITING TILL LAST THREE MONTHS I LOVE ITAwesome phone.Wat the **** I think I'm just wasting my time... Exactly I'm on app from 1:58 and at 2:00 it says 100% deal done... It's really frustratingREAD IF YOU WANT THE PHONE :PI Bought the phone on the 6th of April via the flash sale..... Since in the earlier flash sales the product got sold out literally in a flash!I decided to set up 4 PCs with an impressive internet connection and got my gang to help out.I observed the following-1) scripts and Google extensions are S***! They don't work. Chuck it.2) don't buy from Mi's website, you'll never reach the check out phase no matter how quick you click. So basically chuck the mi insurance.3) keep trying Amazon via the app and PC both.4) MOST probably you will not be able to add the product to cart immediately, BUT don't give up and remember this- Clicking continuously is NOT going to work.!5) your first aim is to get into the 'waitlist'... Because let's face it..the odds of immediately adding the phone to cart is very low.6) when you click on 'join waitlist' and nothing happens... DONT keep Clicking on it. (I did that mistake)>>REFRESH the page ...then click on join waitlist...again n againRepeat THIS step over and over for as long as possible (I did it for 15mins)Refresh-click-refresh-click7) Even if the page shows 'waitlist full' DONT STOP!There will be Vacancies.. Just refresh.8) Once you're in the waitlist, again you've got to wait for a notification saying the phone is available ..add to cart now...That button will not work immediately!Don't panic!Refresh and click to add it..Check your android app, keep it besides you, and add it from there too with refreshes.Now about the phone....I was so frustrated when I didn't get a single unit after setting up so many PCs! That I was dead set on buying some other phone from croma that day.But after 45mins of the painful procedure above... I successfully bought the phone at 2:40pm. Anddd let me tell you...It was worth it!All the frustration I had on mi has been washed away .......The phone is a beauty! Works amazingly! Battery is lasting for almost 2 days with regular use... And 1 day with gaming.Haven't tested the camera yet. But I assure you the rest is superb.The phone does NOT heat! :O It just gets warm sometimes if you charge it for long (4050Mah battery duh!). That's it!Zero lag so far... Installed many apps!..NOTE: if you were set on buying this phone BUT got frustrated because of the flash sales and all. I say hang in there!!!!!!!Because it is all worth it....P.s: If anyone has bought a good cover for the phone please reply, the phone is so sleek that it slips off, and I am very afraid of it falling down someday :pCheers!Happy with product and worth spending.Nice I like it services and all thingsExcellent  with excellent features....Very Good Quality and quick delivery..Worst of a phone ever seen..heating lagging like hell...... Dont buy!! Just dont buy!!I am facing issues with the network after inserting sim card. The phone goes into Emergency call mode very frequently. After restarting phone or switching the airplane mode I get network again. I don't know if others are facing similar issue but I have filed for replacement and I despatched the phone and now waiting for a fresh piece. Will keep you all posted on this.Except Inbuilt battery/heat issue, everything is okYesterday I got this product it's heating too much.hi goodBest mobile at this price range.Rugged and stylish!Only problem is heating while charging that too in acceptable range.Camera clarity, Finger print sensor accuracy, Sound effect (both speaker and through headphones) are more than what i expected!Good..but touch not working properly.Internet is slow in mobile connectionwifii is so bad the range is not goodNo match for this phone....best phoneIncredibly  good phone for its price.I like the performance of this phone.Fantastic phoneVey good bettarySuperb Phone Loving it too muchBUT CHARGER PLAK IS MISSING IN PACKETAwesome device with monster processorThe phone is a beast....  Worth 12000Super... Yes  I am full satisfied ...Battery and connectivity is very goodVery good phone better battery backupJust want to say to both Amazon and mi stop selling this product and stop fooling people.Anyone can help me out regarding yellow tinted pic taken by Redmi note 3 camera after updating MIUI Global 7.2.5.0. I am getting yellowish strips in all photographs. Require suggestion how to calibrate my camera?plz anyone update me solutions or any softwareSuperbbb Phone.....Totally value for money product. Need One MoreIts camera in the name of 16MP is worst as black spot on white and is heating my Micromax canvas knight A350 is beating to it in all comparison even battery only one thing is good that is fast charging don't buy try other phone its just like local china phonePhone is simply superb. But heating issues are there while charging and surfing please fix it.And the speed awesome but in poor signal places you can't expect the same speed.Very thank to amazon with in two days I got the mobile. Express delivery.This phone is absolutely ok with the specifications and performance. But it's getting heated up during charging.I'm posing this question as the heating is more than normal. Can anyone provide solution for this as mobiles are not accepted for return in amazon?Amazon Delivery was Bang on. I had paid 100 INR extra for one day delivery and the delivery was made with in 24 Hours.As far as the phone is concerned, Gold looks Good, and the phone has good amount of Features.Overall phone looks good so far.I am not impressed to xiaomi redmi note 3.1.Heating 49c in normal use.2. Camera average.3. Problems to use 3G or 4G.4. Hybrid Sim card.5. Heating 53c when I charging it.6. Not easy Amazon refund policy like Flipkart.I am unable to register for it. Had this product been finished?Best phone ever I usedNo issueAwesome Smartphone.I bought 3 phone.Great Mobile at most economical costIt is a nice phone under this range.Awesome phone with excellent batteryAwesome phone at an amazing price...Good phone.camera clarity is nice...What is brand warranty of this phoneI'm totally impressed with the built quality. Phone doesn't heat while charging as well as playing games. Performance is also good and I'm glad that it has overtaken antutu benchmark of my oneplus one. Snapdragon 650 actually overtakes Snapdragon 801.Overall good phone...I hav 3gb variantBattery awesome after 24 hours 45-50% leftSound quality good but doesnt support many earphonesPerformance very goodCamera in daylight awesomeStruggles in nightFront camera is awesomeFinger print sometimes doesn't workGud phone for gamerspoor than irctcI got the delivery of my product as on date given by amazon.in.The packing was very good. Thanks to amazon.I ll surely recommend to buy redmi note 3 to everyone as the performance of the phone is very good, also battery back is amazing.internet settings not compatible with MTNL simTill now I am using MOTO series which comes with pure Android OS , where as after I started using Redmi Note 3, felt like MIUI7.2  is just awesome. We can customize the phone with whole varieties of themes giving a new look to each and every day  and the perfornance of the phone is upto the mark and value for money.This device is toooo much powerfullit's not working not even power on.Amazing mobile. I like it very muchMobile is too good as look wise feature wise... but which mobile I purchased is just heat up when connected to charger. So I will just going for replacement of this set!!The Speaker also not working properly, giving unwanted noises.Seriously not expected from Amazon like this!!please guys dont buy redmi note 3 upgraded version of miui 7.3.2.0 its getting heating issues and battery draining very fastly and some lags too while playing games, there was some bugs with there operating system.miui 7.3.2.0It's working fine but I can see issue with the charger, the charger provided by phone is not working fine,  I am not able to charge my phone with that, I am using my old charger to charge it.  Please replace my phone charger.Good smartphone, delivery is goodBest phone in such a cheap price.Good product for the price range.GREAT PHONE.........AWESOME PHONEgood phone, expect the flash saleThe best phone I ever bought.....It is awesome, but delicate body.Awesome product !!Review after using 2 days -1. Good daylight rear camera, not so bad as heard or read in some reviews for Low light photography. Front cam - good for selfies.2. Well build metal body with excellent display.3. Battery can last 2 days for low end users4. Does heat up bit for charging but only for some specific period of charging like from charging 0-30 %5. Quick charging works well & you can charge phone in 1.5 hours for 0 to 100%.6. For those who have issues with second sim registration - I have both sim working. There are issues at start up for detecting carrier after inserting second sim. But if rebooted device after inserting second sim, it shows full range.& works well.7. Colourful MIUIThe phone is pretty good , but camera is average.Very good mobile ,Very good fishing,Very good camera,Very good battery backup,value for money product.I am happy to have this product , it's with made in India description ....feels goodAwesome  mobile, worth buying itgood good goodsuper  superKhatarnakam sarvashetham visesamVery good product worth my moneylooks good. very fast. loved it.Amazing product...i just love itIn this budget best fn still nowNice product with worth of moneyVery good phone, value for moneyExcellent phone, worth the moneyDnt think just wait for the sellVery nice mobile in smart phonesits too gud happy with mi note 3very good phone in small budget.Everything is good except cameraVry vry nice product... Loved itThe only cons - is heating issueIt is the best phone under 15000goog product in ataractive priceHitting problem solved it pleasenice product in affordable pricegood phone go ahead.... thank xiaomi :)Go for it ,only drawback average cameraXiaomi is  just making people fool. I had tried to book but within neno second deal is full. you are selling this product on MRP then how can you say that this is deal.don't cheat indians you bledy chinaian.Sumtimes it hanging problem and sometimes fingerprint sensor not working ...Camera quality average.. Battery backup good ...user memory customer can use only 26 GB out of 32 GB..finally it's average phone...Review in using phone after 5 daysNice battry backupNice video and sound quailtyNice front and back camera quailtyFast battry charging is very niceI play angry bird 2 normaly heatingMobile performance is extremely good.but quality of construction is not good.the display doesnot fit flush with frame.even from beneath the bulged corner backlight can b seen.need to see how many days it survivesThis is the best phone in this price range. It offers snapdragon 650 with 16mp shooter and also flawless fingerprint sensor which works fine. As a buyer I am totally satisfied and you should definitely go for it.amazon and xiaomi choosing very cheap way of marketing . this is my 8th time when i failed to book redmi note3 32 gb gold now i m moving to buy another mobile and also committing  to never  buy any xioami products in future . by by redmiIts the mighty beast. Seriously i jus loved it.The phone looks amazing. performance is superb. Only issue i am facing is not able to configure corporate email account in the default mail app. Service center does not have any tools yet to support this phone.soo hotLags since the very first day! 3 gb of damn nothing. The gpu came highly recommended but rear racing 3 feels slow and also lags at certain time. Been an iPhone user since past 4 years and never experienced it.Very gud mobile  but camera not so gudHeating issue and bad camera...No wordword.  It's a good one..Very useful cell i am saticifyExcellent phone***** worth buyOverall Good phone..Avg CameraGood phone for the given priceExcellent mobile for the priceBest phone is this price rangeGood product meet expectationsSuperb Phone. Truly a Beast!!!Nice product.delivered on timeAwesome mobile,, in this priceexcellent phone...a must buy for everyone carving for best hardware within budget........CAMERA A BIT OF A LET DOWN....WAITING FOR IMPROVED CAMERA PERFORMANCE AFTER SOFTWARE UPDATE..Mob is awesomeeee battery backup is awesome....Camera clarity is goodGaming performance is very good feeling awesomee...Overall Red Mi Note 3 performance is Very Good....after switch off my redmi note 3 no networkfound after 5 time  switch off and on my redmi note 3  only 1 sim network  found and after 9 th time switch on my mobile both networks are foundItsss so bad in new foneHeating Problem During ChargeAmazing smart phone by XiaomiOne word... Phone Is Awesome.Display and cemara  badThis is value for moneymoney.Simply one word.....  AwesomeExcellent mobile. Fine cameraI got my beat 5 days before. Here is my quick review.Build and Design - Elegant and stylish metal body, Premium look - 9/10Display - clear and stunning 9/10Camera - The 16 mp camera for day light. Very good video recording. Nigh shots suffers a lot. Day light selfies are incredible, slow motion video @ night is terribly grainy - 7/10Gaming - excellent graphics experience. I had a titling issue in Asphalt 8. It may be app issue. All other games (Modern combat 5, Real race 3, Subway surfers, spider-man unlimited NFS) runs smoothlyPerformance - smooth but multitask lags a bit some times - 8.5/10Heating - only while charging. Small warm up when gaming which can be ignored.Call quality - Excellent means Excellent !! Thanks for VOLTE - 10/10Software - as you know MIUI rocks. Update it to MIUI 7 to avoid heating issue if you felt earlier (Read mode and app lock rocks)- 9/10Battery - Outstanding and ultimate for the price . You will get near 2 Day battery life on one full charge -  10/10Value for money - 9/10finger print sensor - sorry. I'm not much satisfied. Its response is average. 7/10Audio and Video quality - Above average loud speaker audio. Excellent earphone output. Very Good video play experience - 8/10I was trying to buy this mobile from past 2 months and finally got it on 27th april flash sale. I wanted dark grey but it was out of stock within seconds after the sale was started so went for gold. The delivery was quicker then expected and packing was goodNow about the mobile.Props:Performance is great.Battery is good.Display is good.Mobile look is premium and lightweight.UI look is good and user friendly.3D graphics (Gaming) is good.Outdoor camera quality is good.Fingerprint sensor works good 99% accuracy and is fast.4g and volte support.Sound output is good.Cons:Camera not good in low light condition.Heats up very quickly.No display protection. (Gorilla glass not there)Hybrid sim slot. (Only 1 sim and sd card can be used at a time)Mobile grip not so goodSystem apps can't be disabled and apps can't be moved to sd card.Fingerprint sensor can't be used to take selfie.Overall good mobile for 12k. Few issues can be fixed with software update. You need to put tempered glass and back cover for protiction.I will update if there is any issues with the mobile.After Three days of Heavy Usage on VoLTE 4G Sim of Jio below points have been observed:Pros:Performance: If we talk about 1.4GHz snapdragon 650 SOC, let me tell it is awesome, performance is best in classNo Lag, very smooth and speedy in working, very sensitive response of touchscreen, wallpapers, themes are lovely...Design & Built Quality: Both are superb, gives the feeling of using quality smartphone...so handy yet easy in operating day to day task in applications...Camera: Camera is not up to the mark what we need at least from Xiaomi in this price range... The performance is not as good as we need in night light... day snaps are pretty good in selfie side as well as rear side...Battery: 4000MAH battery gives performance from morning 7AM to evening 8PM in 4G SIM of Jio in heavy usage for moderate usage you can run battery upto 10 TO 11PM...Charger: Charger comes with 5V, 2amp... charges battery upto 50% within an hour...Speakers: Both the speakers are so nice, very good voice, you can't feel any issue related to any of speakers.Display & Screen: Screen is so nice in giving proper colours... Reading Mode is very important for heavy users... If possible always keep reading mode on which give good eye health in long terms & prevent eyes from heavy contrast levels...Const:SIM Slot: Hybrid SIM Slot allows only one sim with memory card or two sim without memory card...This is the major drawback of this phone...Battery Heating: Battery Heating is also the major drawback of this phone. Beware Point: Battery heats a lot... 30 minutes of playing of mortal combat 1GB game heats battery to 47 Degree Celsius... Image attached... image got from redmi note 3 setting - About device - Internal Memory - tap on it for 5 to 7 times & you will get battery information...Brightness: Brightness is very low... Even you can't see in sunlight for taking photos & so on...VoLTE Facility: VoLTE facility runs on only first sim... second sim hasn't VoLTE facility...Better than expected..SuperbVery good. No issues so far.Nice and power packed mobileawesome phone for this prizeYes it meets my expectationsAwesome Phone value of moneyProduct is nice and amazing.This phone are good all overGood product value for moneyNice phone in minimum budgetI will get good battery lifeExcellent product, must buy.Good phone at this price....charge plug in hiting mobailgood but not for money valueThe phone is working perfectAwesome phone no any problemPh iz very good & very nice.nice mobile,  within budget.awsm mobile for cost... cudnt get any better . screen and battery r best. only downside is camera but cant ask more for 12k.. overall happy wid mobile.. if ur budget is under 15k go for it blindly..Awesome Product it is.. !!not to depend on others who miss this phone to buy and write fake reviews..the phone is awesome in this price range..i have compared this phone's frnt camera with lenovo k4 note and its much better..(:Over heating problem,  front camera quality is very poor..........,.. Processor Speed is verygood....... Good looking .option of -2 sim card or 1simand memory card is annoyingIndia s no 1 mobile lower pricePhone is nice.Great build.Premium Look.Worst service by amazon. Delivery agent was having faulty card reader for debit card payment. Need to run around 2 kms for having the cashIt's not good phone as I expected because of poor camera, network issue n sound quality bit good, Lenovo k4 is better than this phone, I am gonna purchase this very soonAwesome Phone & Battry Backup.Awesome Product from Xiami.Awesome and budgetary PhoneNice phone...  Happy to buyBATTERY BACKUP IS VERY GOODBest phone at this price...Nice product .does not hangBest phone i have seen everBest phone I have ever usedBest Phone under 20000 rs .Camera QuAlity is not good.its very good smart phone..I bought 32Gb model last week. It is looking good and working good. Its a great product for 12000 rupees. Battery and performance also very good.Real value for your moneyI found it very exciting.Product is great.  Bt my piece was quite defective.  My screen has a blue spot  on lower portion.  Looks very absurd wen screen has dark colors.Best handset ever.. But not received headphones and other accesories.. One bad thing is there is no place for memory card if you are using two sims..Courier guy did not take any signature on the delivery receipt for acknowledgement.Shipment tracking is not detailed & accurate.Local contact of the courier not available.The phone is brand new & sealed pack but has some scuffs & the fit & finish is not upto the mark.There are cut marks on the golden rim of the screen, the rim is also not polished evenly.There is a problem with the headphone jack sometimes, stops recognizing the headphones & starts playing the sound from the phone speaker.The sim tray is a bit hard to fit, feels like some cheap stuff.Seems MI is not able to cope with the demand & the quality control during manufacturing is suffering heavily.Still need to check the complete functioning of the phone.Hope I dont find any major problems. Fingers crossed.Too much heating problemVery bad camera quality.I like it this product..Very Impressive featuresConstant heating problembest phone in this priceworth to buy at the costGreatest smartphone everFront camera not workingExcellent for the budgetJust awsm.....Grt wrk MIBest phone in this rangeWow great phone to use..Superb phone 32 GB  goldITS FANTASTIC I LOVE ITNice phone.never hangupi m happy this phone weThe Best at this range.Worth every penny of itIt's really good.......Not received headphonesGood to have such PhoneUser guide not receivedbest mobile under 15000Fully Genuine productExcellent performanceproduct is very good.Amazing deal @ AmazonQuick delivery..  5/5Its really awesome...awesum in this priceI bought redmi note 3.  4G network  is not working. Only 2G and  3G is working.  4G is not connectedthe best phone under 12000working nicelyhas a very large 32 gb spacebut has a little heating issuesmujhe ye  mobile bahut pasand he kiya aap ise mere uttarkashi wale address me post office dawara bhej sakte heNot really happy with the product. Everything is Okay aprat from memory slot. I came to know about this useless feture after I purchase this product. You can't use 2 sim cards along with external memory card. If you need to use external memory card then you have to comprmise with only one sim. This is not done Redmi. This was not expected, you should have provided extra slot for external memory card. Stop adverstising for 128 expandable memory, its only 32gb memory we can use. And now I can't even return this item and look for better phones with much more expandable memory options. I am really discpointed :(typical chinese product....DO NOT BUY if you're technology lover and hate to see device stuck/crash. I bought this product with some scratches,,,which was ok...but after loading few apps phone got slow and 3 GB RAM failed to handle the load and phone got hang when I tried to receive a call with FB n Watsapp running in background...after that for next 16 hrs it was not even booting...customer care was found incapable of assisting in such situation and using some techniques on internet i managed to do factory reset...phone gave me so much in just 3 days...and i decided to return without having second thought.Got it yesterday...  Wasn't heating... There was an update..  After updating phone started heatingAwesome mobile..I got it in 4 may flash sale by using flash sale trick....and its awesome go for itAlready posted review on grey model, except for colour , review remains same, gold looks good, but u can clearly make out the difference in qaulity when compared to an iPhone, but let's not forget this costs 12000, I bought 2 gold and one grey, prefer the grey more being a guy. The grey has its own typical Android phone look from the front, and a decent grey metal back, the gold seems like it tries to imitate the iPhone. Personally wud not want a phone to be a replica of something , hence using grey, gave the gold to friends.wowNice choice  ///very good mobileLastly i got 32 gb gold varaint. Lets see how it will perform when i will receive it.I m saying only oneWord superb...Battery backup is good but only problem is sensor...Beast is fantasticVery effective setexcellent product.Excellent product.realy a good phoneProduct is awesomeGo redmi note 3 goExcellent featuresgood experience...Excellent product!Excellent productI purchased it last month, in few days itself I started facing problem with volume rockers, fingerprint scanner and device got heating a lot while charging. Other issue that I faced as It is not able to detect my Bluetooth headphone. Also camera is of very poor quality and same with its features. Then I order for replacement but not happy with that also and was facing the same problem in new device and finally I decided to return  and got the refund. Very much disappointed as I spent lot of time in trying to get the device thru online sales and checking out it online and after receiving its all waste of time.The phone is as expected......mi4 had a feature that in sun the screen brightness use to change such that the screen use to be nicely visible.....I miss that feature with redmi note3Camera is below the mark, being 16 16 mp, so totally disappointed by camera of MI NOTE 3 .....Excellent phonegood budgeted phone with lots of features...The phone is a complete masterpiece for a low price. The looks are elegant and appealing. The software performance also does not disappoint. Fingerprint scanner works fine and the best thing is that you can unlock the device without using the lock button simply by putting your finger on the scanner (In iphone you have to press the lock/home button to wake up the device and then put the finger).The display is sharp and crystal clear with good viewing angles. Although no gorilla glass...so be careful with handling.Camera offers great resolution and works excellent in all scenarios. Lots of add ons to the camera are pre installed which offers a variety of options to edit your pics.Battery life is excellent and charges in a short time. No heating issues even after prolonged wifi streaming. I haven't tried out any games yet ...so I won't be able to elaborate on the same.Inbuilt assistive touch helps you to preserve the life of your lock button (in fact I used the lock button only for the first day and since then I use this assistive touch)With 5.5 inch display the phone is quite bigger but still looks a stunner in hand.In a nutshell the phone is worth buying and you would never get such a piece for this price range.P.s. For those who think that the sale is fake, please do not vent your frustration on the reviews section just because you could not get the handset. The sale atleast at Amazon is not fake. All you need is a fast connection, mine was 5 MBps.Nice phoneReceived Yesterday...Great Features...hope it will work fine for longer time ;)I loved this phone and got on 9 may 2016,i must say its a worth mobile to buy in this price bracket..everything is fine & mobile looks beautiful in hand with gold color,playing games or listing music is no issue on this.clear and loud sound from both mic and speaker..i hv pruchased original in ear phone from Xiaomi Site online they r worth it..the only cause i m facing is that when calls come & if i flip the phone to make it in a silent mode it doesn't work ..may be sensor r not working ..in setting mode is made onn yet the issue is their..hopefully Xiaomi will help me to get fixed this issue...thanksVery good phoneBudget phone ....Apart from few glitches which can be fixed through software updates ,performance of this phone is great. And most importantly what a battery I am in love with it:)!!Its same as expectedMobile heats very muchIts just awsum phone.Thanx xiaomi. Its just perform smoothly.l feel rear camera is not up to mark.other than this no issue.Camera could be better. But overall its good phone less with lot of amazing feature good miui,good battery backup,crisp display panel,audio output is good here and lot more inbuilt features. Xiaomi is doing good job.Well done.great miui7.Best in Every AspectIt only find 2g network. It is unable to find 3g network after so many try.Its a great phone with good build quality. Gold color looks stunning.IT WORKS WITH CDMA SIM AS WELL. I AM USING TATA INDICOM CDMA SIM. However I have not checked on data part. voice calling is perfectly fine.1. No heating issues2. 1.5 GB of free RAM available3. No lag. Super performance4. Finger print scanner works well.5. Battery back for 2 days upon general usage6. Screen clarity is good and visible even at outdoor.The phone is awesome.... Build, performance is great.... While charging it's getting too much hot. Camera is average....Its unbelievableGood performanceAwesome Phone...Best in class...Amazing phone...Excellent mobileurgent requrmentnice phone .....Best in class...excellent mobileGood like apple6Greate phone....Everything is fine but problem in data usage, net data not working on this mobilePhone arrived earlier..packing was good..BUT THE DATA CABLE IS'NT WORKING..I dont like it..heating issues, camera is not good..not provided gorilla glass...Nice & Awesome Product ... I have already purchased the 3 Mi Note 3 Phones !!!!!GOOD AND EXCELLENT DEVICE, The fetures of device is very good , recent update add app lock with finger print which is very good feature.CAMERA CONCERN the image quality is poor not up to the mark, may be after update image quality will improve.Remaining the features of the device is excellent, the phone performs very wellExcellent mobile..loved it very much but it has heating issue's.I'm very disappointed with the product. Quality is of the product is detoriated. I'm using Redmi 1s which is manufactured in China seems to be better than MI note 3. I received a default phone with scratches near rear camera and camera quality ugly. I have returned the product and got new one. Now we are facing issues with battery backup and network issue. Feels like to return. I'm only happy with quick service but very disappointed after using this mobile. As this is a birthday gift for my wifeIt is very good mobile, speed and there is no heat and very fast also. Thanks..Good handsetitem is goodsupper phoneAmazing.....It heating..nice productIt was greatAs expected.Aswome phoneGood productI was lucky to book on second sale though i purchased from my boss's account and after use of few days here are my review:Battery: it has very good battery with great backup. when my battery was 2% i connected my charger at 11:30Am and it was fully charged by 1:35PM though charger was heated after all it is fast charger.Performance : Multitasking is super smooth and speed is also blazing fast. I play 8 balls and color switch games and works like butter smooth.Camera : Rear camera does good job in day light conditions but in low light it suffer little bit. front camera damn good in day light but low light photos are average. But considering the price point can't complain much about it.Finger print scanner : It works great. no hitch.IR Blaster works with all international TV.(i tried with panasonic and samsung tv)Sunlight and bright display works like charm.AwesomeAwesomeAwe phone... Good battery and camera .. Love itnice phone no issue all fake reviews of heatingGood phone .but lot of heating during chargingjust go for it........no words....awesome dealToggle notification bar neede some more iconsIn that music player is not needed..If we clear all apps music will stopIt has to be rectifiedBut overall it is toooooo goodAwesome  smartphone........ Real value money.Awosome, xiaomi Redmi Note 3....... MY New GFAfter using the phone for last 10 days I have noticed the following :1. Battery is good,  longs a day2. Display gives bright colours3. Touch is good4. Camera is not like 13MP. It 's below average5. Its customised apps are not having gud features.  Previously I used Asus Zenfone 5,  in that they have all the features like backup and restore option in messaging and contacts. It is absent in redmi note 3 and the gallery in asus have collage and other beautification options which is also absent in redmi note 3.While using some apps like messenger it z not showing the chat heads on display.  U should open the app and text or give reply.6. It z not a gorilla glass7. Look is gud and games also plays well.Thanks amazon for fast delivery.... ;)Many issue in the phone ,camara issue video zoom taking video is not clear , bank apps getting automatically getting default mode no support from mi ,remote not working for all TV & setup box ,network issue one switched off and switch on mobile data ll network ,no proper support from MI call center .'GoodQuantity  Not Maintain  Red mi Note 3 Mobilehow can perches this Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (Gold, 32GB) phone & when?????To say this phone is not awesome is a crime.The design alone makes me love this one but whats inside is much more better..No complaints at all...except the camera which is a big flaw but everything else compensate for this. Awesome experience .THANKS MI and AMAZON.4/5 camera should have been betterSuper cool phone, very nice in terms of performance but it comes with miui 7 above lollipop, but everyone expect marshmallow out of the box, waiting for Android 6. . I can say the mobile is very nice for this budget , but the flash sale killed me ...........And to say everything works fine Best phone in12000 rangeCamera 8/10Touch 8/10Speed 8/10Audio 7.5/10 but still goodInternal memory hugeOnly thing is size of sim one is micro other is nanoAnd u can't put memory card when using both sims at same timeOverall very happy with productI LOVE THIS PHONE TOO MUCHAt last the beast arrive. Good shape, crisp color, awesome hardware, good combination in budget. Camera quality good  and front camera is not good. Network issue with my handset am returning it for replacement.for gaming it's too good than other mobile phones in this range. Go for it man good phoneBest phoneIt is goodNice phoneGood phonebest phoneNice phoneNice phoneAmazing...OverhypedaGood phoneNice PhoneBest PhoneAmazing!!!Good phonegood phonegood one!!Nice phonenice phoneVERRY GOODnice phoneJst superbGd featureGood phoneSimply osmAwsm phoneNice PhoneNice phoneNice buy..Good phoneGood Phone for the money paidWorth the attempts and the wait to getWorks superb as specified - gets little hot when loaded (that is natural with almost all phones)I get a about 4 day battery life for my usage (relieves me from almost daily charging)Love it.This phone hangs a lot and u feel completely helpless when u r not even able to switch off bcz u cant even replace battery.... screen , buttons, sensors doesn't work at times... i think buyers must think thrice before buying any cheap phone with lot of features just to allure....don't purchaseb.coz. sim1 + sim2 +mmc do not work togethersim1 +sim2 a worksim1 + mmc a workand battery is 4050mAH  but not goodas lanovo k4 note is good phoneI like this product and has been an user of MI since its existence in INDIA. This product is worth its money and is truly a flagship killer of mid range smartphones. Processor and RAM are perfect. Screen size and batter backup is truely good. I would also recommend this product.VR technology is available in this phoneThe phone is great. Looks ,hardware ,software , performance everything works great. It ONLY heats while charging and nowadays all phones. Heat. I ordered one already and gonna order one more in the next sale. All heavy games work without any lag.The battery is powerful as well.Everything is just awesome. ..but finger print sensor is not working on camera...Redmi makes us fool by saying this that pic should be clicked with finger sensor...RELIANCE CDMA WORKS IN SIM 1 , I HAVE 32GB GOLD COLOR ,  THIS IS THE BEST MOBILE ,  JISKE PAAS 32GB WALA HAI  USE PATA HAI KI YE BEST HAI DUAL SIM MOBILE HAR ANGLE SE . 16GB WALA SINGLE SIM AUR 32 GB M.CHIP KE SAATH BEST HAI , MIUI 7.2.3.0 BEST HAI .LE LO 32 GB MILEY TO......Super awesome product... Slim and light weight... Hassle free operation... Full HD screen.. And MIUI7 is just a wonder... Surely a beast at this price.. Camera quality just like Motorola phones.. OK camera but no lags at all while clicking.. Fingerprint sensor is too fast...Battery though its 4000 mAh but seems to last hardly for 1 day with Normal usage. So Battey is bit disappointing but still the best phone.there is lot of problem in this device1)- Heating all time and charger heating also.2)- Hanging problem too.3)- back side fingure touch is not working properly .4)- touch screen not work some time.5)- when play music and game then device getting heat.6)- battery backup also not good.7)- there is only 26 GB ROM and according to add and specification of this phone on amazon site is 32GB.HiAmazon,  i am using amazon first time and i am facing lot of problem with you and your services,  i hope that you will give me good response against MI gold 32GB so i can use again Amazon in future...First impression -  WoW!  I think I have already made a right decision to go for this mobile as of now.  Heating issue can be neglected.  Camera flash is not white. Have I changed any setting?  Waiting for CM13 for this mobile for full utilization.  miui 7 is not so light.There was no. Option of buying this showing on d page...very good one i like this man very muchCamera is below average. I have tried every setting of camera but not satisfied. hence except camera, battery backup, touch, sensors, rest all is very good.Everyone knows about it nothing to sayLooks fine. But camera quality is low.Best Phone everi love this phonelove the phone, got after painful waiting of nearly 2 months but it is totally worth it.Its a great phone except camera, Its main camera is bit below par those looking for good phone camera look somewhere else, otherwise its great phone is every other aspects.After few days of use,found lots of issues. Issue after MiUi7 upgrade is with the proximity sensor on call.Screen goes blank until the receiver disconnects the call.lots of other issues with the sensors...be careful.After using headphones for some time,the speaker doesn't work when headphones are unplugged.Brightness issue while using camera. When auto brightness is turned off,the brightness switches to low automatically(Light sensor issue).You can check all these issue by entering the code *#*#6484#*#*.Rated 5 star in the beginning,,,,then switched to 3 after 2 days of use....not rating 2 after 3 days of use...:(Very poor performance phone... Some features not working even after software  update.  Just wastage of money to buy this phone...  Seller refused to return the product but agree to replace it...  Replacement is not worth at all..  So I suggest not by buy this phoneSaale loka da fuddu khichde aaPaisa wasul..... ulta Xiaomi wale ka karjdar ban gaya.... itni a66i daam me itna ku6 oh great.... no heating issue no hanging problem all are good but little bit sound is slow.... otherwise sab thik h... thanks Xiaomi Team and also Amazon Team 4 excellent service.All features in mi phones are best in quality and price,i had its 1st redmi 1s since then i own all its products like mi PAD tablet,redmi prime,redmi note3, mi piston ear phone and mi metal ear phones.you should buy its products once then you will be a fan of it..I was purchased mi note 3 32gb variant of 27 April 2016. After using a several days, I was found there is gravity sensor problem in my phone while I'm going to play any kind of game and some heating issue while plug to the charger. What can i do ??? Plz help meVery nice product in this price rangeGood features but heating is very badIt's really great invention by xiomi.CBSc banav skimjust hate itexcellantFantasticVery niceExcellentExcellentExcellantVery niceVery goodExcellentExcellentVery NiceExcellentexcellentFantasticGood phonExcellentvery niceVery goodWonderfulbest everIts gud..Good.....Solo goodNice goodExcellentExcellentAsome phnExcellentnetwork signal searching is very badPhon are quite good but heat it moreGood Product and delivered in time.Awesome mobile and happy to have itmind blowin phone for smart personsFantastic mobile, nucely built, fluid performance, and specially the battery life is very good, most imp is that it dsnt heat up while doing anything heavy. However while charging it does heat up which is fare as for the speed it charges itself up.Phone is working properlyAlways my number will in not reachable mode and emails are taking lots of time to download even in 3G and 4GReview Based on Weekly Use1. Awesome Display2. SUperb Battery Backup3. Sound is good in earphone & loudspeaker too.4. Even Charges fast5. Metal Body6. Camera is good in day light & average in Night ConditionsVery happy to be one among the lucky  Redmond note 3 owners.  I got this 4 days back.  Amazon  delivered 2 days before the delivery date. Awesome look and battery power is massive.  Camera quality is okay.  Overall a killer at this price range.Very heating issuesIt is great phone in the year 2016The charger stopped working after 11 days not charging at all....show like charging but battery gets discharged immediately...performace was good...the carmera quality is adequate... pictures are not that clear...picture at night are blurr..A classLove itAwesomeAmazingamazingExelentAwesomeawesomeAmazingsuperb.Nyc....amazingAwesomeAwesomeawesomeAwesomeawesomeLove itLove ITowesomeThe mobile is use in heatAwesome phone ,good looksreal wasting of moneyhi , I' have been using this device from last week.it is heating a lot, some times hangs also even with the default apps. my advice is not to buy this productVery slim, awesome camera (front as well as rear), good battery life, don't heat up soon, only 2nd sim slot is either to be used for sim or  memory card.In all aspects I loved itRedmi note 3,32GB  is not a available product from Xiaomi.This is a fake advertisement.I am highly satisfied with this brand.....quite recommendable in this range....specially 32 gb....camera quality is also appreciable....overall this is damn good....good experienceHeating problem is there with this mobileExcellent battery backupOver  Heating issues  plz help me and tested pic send me...Very Good performance...get ready i was a fan of xiaomi ...... i have waited for note 3 32 gb for so long now i am not at all purchasing it LE 2 is comingi will buy le 2all who wants to buy 12000 phone with class go for LETV LE 2Going for a moto g4. Mi doesnt care about the buyers. Unnecessarily making them wait for a 3gb version. Now roll your phones and shove it where it hurts. Dumbfucks.Heating more than 50 degree Celsius for five minutes of video watching i hate the product i am returning my product to with  in 1 days it to hot to hold the mobileWasted time to buy on Amazon and mi site. One of friend told me that he also tried to buy during march. I tried to buy in April. Felt cheated. They are trying to sell 2gb variant. Bought another mobile from Flipkart. Will not waste time to buy flash sale.Love this product from Xiaomi. Initially 1-2 animation problem was there, but after an update its running cool. It's having all the features i desired for. For this price it's the best product. It's very difficult to get one from the crazy flash sales. But if you can get it, you have got it.Only pros: Great Battery (4000 mAh), Fast processing,  Fingerprint scanner, Memory 32 Internal +3 GB RAM, 1080 HD excellent display, Slim and sexy Looks, Made in India etc. Cons: Haven't found till now other than its little slippery without back cover.THIS MOBILE VERY BESTGood mobile I like itWorst smartphone everVery very bad camera nd poor picture brightnesMusic is very bad...Best Cell Phone you can ever get at this price.. !!!Nothing issue is been found yet .. already using this more that 2 weeks.Awsome battery !!Awesome deal at just 12k,waited too long to grab this model, finally succeed to place my order with desired color combination.Happy new :)The complete package.....Pros:At par camera performance  with many flagship  devices.I have installed  97 apps with approx 15 GB... They all are running  in background and device shows 500MB Ram free of 3GB with excellent  smooth  performance.No Heating issues.Super  excellent  battery  backup.Super display.Butter smooth  fingerprint  sensor.Cons:Should  have separate slot for memory  card.MIUI Requires some improvements in next updates.No Marshmallow  yet.Everything is excellent and beyond expectations except for one cons turbo battery charger would have helped a lot.. But it is asking too much at the priceMobile is very gud. But to my surprise charger of mobile is not working. I have emailed the complain  to xiomi service. Let's see what reply they give me.confortabale to usedNice...supparb phoneSmart choice would be buy this phone and dont look at othet phonesuse flash sale trick extension on your chrome for more chance to get this phone , i have added this 32 gb one through flash sale trick 1st timeawsm phone .........bt camera in not like 16mp......my lumia 640 xl 13 mp is better than thatovarall its a good phone. scren is so cool........Camera quality poorSuperhellosuperWorthnice.SuperSuperPurchased through 11th May'16 Flash Sale.Facing problem with 3G Mobile data access(TATA DOCOMO).Can't browse Internet using Chrome or other Apps, though Watsapp and some Apps are working.Have configured Data usage, APN settings as required, tried turning the airplane mode on and off. Couldn't resolve the problem.Please suggest how to fix this.ThanksGood device with good performance but with average camera quality and the only bad thing was it has 1.6-1.7GB RAM free of 3GBdevice is getting haged many times.some times slide not working like game temple run 2.and hitting issue remain.Nice Phone. Loving it. I just wish that it remains durable for at least 2 years if not three years.This mobile is best as compare Sony and Samsung mobile..Battery back is very good powerful...I have been a Samsung user for a decad now and now with the news of Mi Note 3 launch I had made up my mind to switch to Mi for good. I tried on all the flash sales on Mi as well as on the Mi site but before it starts it would say out of stock.I have lost all hopes of getting a Mi and now its grown up as a huge disappointment and I am sure there are others who also feel the same as I can read in the blogs and reviews.I am not sure if Mi realizes this ot now but they are actually axing their own leg with this kind of false flash sale which is there only to create a false hipe and demand.I know it is easy to ride on a self balancer and keep on Hi5ing people but I guess Mi does not understand that there are 100's and 100's of people who would have loggedin for a false flash sale and then realise that it was a utter waste of time.Now this also makes me wonder that if this is the pre-sale experience what will it be like post sales. Also does Mi believe people can stay without a phone for weeks just to buy a Mi phone as if there are no other phones available in the market.Good Phone with all facilities.... battery backup good....performance good....design is also good.Buggy UI, 4G network problem always getting disconnected,Heating problem, hanging frequentlyDelivered before the day mentioned. Awesome experience with xiomi MI & amazon. redmi note 3 Rocks.Everything was good until thouch stopped working after few days of use. Requested for replacementProduct is very gud some issues is there product  frame manufacturer is nt gud some heating issueSimply go for this phone ausome phone fringer print sensor is working superb battery life is moreBestGoodGoodgoodGoodGoodGoodGoodGoodgoodGoodGoodGoodAwsmgoodgoodNiceNiceGoodniceGOODthe phone is good with grt features...grt battry backup.bt the phn is got heated durin chrging.It's a good phone. working very smooth only negative thing is that battery overheating problem.Product is in box is good but charger is defected. its poor side may be not check product well.Redmi note3 32gb is good previously I was facing many problems but now all problems solved after new software update now it's awesome I suggest everyone can go for it no issues at all.Wrost phn ever ever i hv usd..cmra is not good..nd wtsap nd othr many prblmss whn it use..intrnet nt wrking proprly..connectivity prblm on ntwrk whn tlk ..bhaiyon kuch b le lna bt ye mt lna its totly faje features..isse ghatiya phn koi or ho hi ni skta at ths price range..Have it in my cart but cannot make the paymenttrying the whole time have it still in my cart?Trying for the phone since lanuched but did not get  itXIAOMI does not have enough stock to sell 32gb GoldJust wants to clear old dead stock in IndiaThis phone very awesome. But gets heating while charging. That's ok. Everything else is best.Good...  not bad  but font can't change ND it's only 5.1lollipop when it's came 6.1marshmallowDon't buy this if u r camera lovers its camera quality is very poor  camera ko 6od k sab a6a hAmazing Phone specs .. but not available :) Just bought Le 1S cheaper and I am happy about it.It's amazing mobile in this price..... But sometimes  heating problem while charging.Nice phonenice moileGreat niceNice phoneVery Good.Nice phoneRealy NiceNice phoneSuperb phone for the price...just a little heating issue while charging the phone...The dives is good but this pies not good soom problem with this piesAmazing phone. Just the one you need in this price range. GO FOR IT.Awesome phone. No problem with it. Working fine. Thank u amazonVery nice, smart, gorgeous smartphone, big battery life...meny morehas lots of problem.I have had it for ten days and i faced it hanging for more than five times. It heats up while charging and to add to the worst it has network problems.This is the best phone I have ever seen don't think just buy it...Nice battery backupsuper phone at lowest priceAwesome phone with decent specs and satisfactory camera. Only problem is heating issue. Hopefully it will be resolved soon. Overall very happy with phone's performance.Superfast, gold color is really gorgeous, 3gb ram with SD650 and adreno 510 make it future proof.4000 mah battery is the main thin for which you should buy this phone.NoSupper . but camera could be still betterNice phone with a few bugs but it's okay!Excellent product and delivery is on timeFine till now.I haven't faced any issues.29.4.2016Superb quality with Superb Customer CareNice phone. Overall performance is good.Now They have fooled us .. they dont have 32Gb version .. So I decide to go [...] Le 2S Which is better than it .. Thank you for providing sufficient no of set.. Xaiomi dosent worth it...Awesome Product. Exceeded expectations.good phone with affordable priceGreat phone. Got one 3gb versionPathetic mobile heating problemPhone is good but  heating issuHeats up too much while talkingNice Product,,,good performencebest product @ affordable priceThis phone will not disappoint.i love this phone its supercoolNice phone but heating  problemExcellent performance :DPLEASE LAUNCH THIS MI NOT 3 32 GB WE ARE WAITINGWE ARE PERCHES MAX 3 FONEniceI cant understand how this phone sales 1lakh units in 5 seconds ....this is the business policy of china to indian public ullu banavingI want to back my phonethis is the waste phonesuper with all featuresGood in performance but heating too much.Not a good mobile to buy be careful before buy camera quality is very poor as chinese product, battery dry out very quickly,the touch screen is very poor quality.Before my main review please buy the back cover as soon as possible because this beast is very slippery and u will regret if it falls down, so friends please buy a good screen guard and back cover from day one.Superb product in 12k.....gold colour looks premium and even outshines other costly flagships in terms of looks and built qualityThe display is vivid and processor is damn blazing fast.apps opens in no time and speed even comparable to iphone 6s.memory management is excellent.About heating issues....it only heats up high only when charging..apart from that no heating issues( remember right now ambient temp is around 44 deg).Now coming to camera, in day light this camera is superb and captures pretty  high detailed and colourful photos.u can set saturation and contrast in settings and it works well.Low light photography is not so good, xiaomi is expected to gave the update that will fix the low light camera issues.It is more of an optamization issue as camera lens is more than capable performer.So in nutshell, I don't think camera is an deal breaker here.It is an monster and seemingly f()ks lenovo and moto crap.Phone is really very good at this price.Got my phone today. I managed to book it in the first trial on 25 may sale. The phone is good. Nice UI, good fingerprint sensor(quick), camera is OK, sound is good. Yet to test the net speed but all other offline contents are good. Only one thing lacking is the handsfree which is not a standard FOC accessory and you have to roam around in the market to get a good one. Overall a nice product. Feels good in hands.This sell is really fake do not try...."MASTER PIECE"Got defective charger.Overall nice phone....Great Product to have!Very very high profileGood ..very nice phoneExcellent  phone, i got it yesterday  it has no competition  at all in this price  segment  with superb  battery  of 4050mah and snapdragon  650 chipset  even i would  say it will be better  than the upcoming  phone like meizu m3note or le2 nd le2proBut i am not sure about  its after sales service  since  it does  not have that much services centres comparing  with company  like Samsung  and appleIt's simply awesomeworking outstandingExcellent product..This is a bombshell phone under 12k. Whatever reviews I have read on amazon,... The phone is much much better than that. Just go for the gold 32 gb version. In 12k u r getting the best deal in the Internet world. Y to spend 24k on one plus 2 when u r getting this deal half the price. Camera is average. Rest everything is excellent.!! Go for it!!i waited for more than an hour but i couldnt buy this phone .these flash sales are fakeAfter a long wating finally i got wht i wnt  good phone in 12k  MI queality is very gudPhone launch of three and four is fooling. All publicity stunt. Stop this nonsense.After a very very long wait, yesterday I got my set.My first setback was, when I see the packaging of the set. Amazon had just wrapped the set in a polypack. No outer protection. but I luckily  received my mobile in proper order,I.e. without any physical damage.As far as mobile is concern, I doubt it is a 32 GB ROM mobile. Reason being, when I check the memory statues, it is showing " 24 GB available out of 26.2gb." Also set have heating problem during Net surfing or game playing. Battery temperature is showing as 43. Camera is average.I also updated the mobile after receiving it. But heating problem is still there. One thing I like most in the mobile is , its finger print sensor. It is really amazing.After update I can click the picture though the sensor.Overall it is not worth the pricetag if you are not the diehard MI lover.My yureka is still much better mobile than this hyped mobile.The product is not as expectedI love Xiaomi redmi note 3 because it is not just a perfect cellphone, it is a good value for your money as well.  Also, I've ordered 5 xiaomi redmi note 3 (16+32 GB).So guys without any thinking just go for it but right now there's problem with stock availability and that is just because of high number of demand !!EXCELLENT PRODUCTExcellent productExcellent mobile.The estimated delivery date given to me was 2nd of May, but i received it a day before. I had been waiting to get my hands on this phone since the first flash sale..and believe me people there is absolutely NO problem with this device! It's simply outstanding, totally worth the wait. Go for it blindly.PATHETIC. Its hardly been 13-14 days and already the charger is not working. The company is least bothered about taking care of this issue. It is really SCARY to buy any mobile from a new company apart from samsung and apple. Can u beat this 14 days and the charges is already worth the bin....freak!!!Masta Hai MobileThis phone comes with MIUI 7.2.3.0 which is really RAM eating UI, you will hardly find more than 650MB Of Free RAM when UI and General apps are up to date.It is recommended to install cyanogen OS to this phone which handles this phone really very well.Overall this is 4 star phone.Ab aur intzaar nahi hota..The item seems to be good.worst phone everSuper mobileGood one....what a phoneoswm futuresFully satisfied..Middle finger salute to xiaomi & amazon for creating such a hype due to this f***ing flash sale system... This phone is too overrated... What u people want? To create unnecessary hype or to provide the product to customer? Really fed up! Going for other options like moto g4+best in class..fabulousExpandable upto?Nice Phone.Super phoneBest phn in 12kValue for moneyThe product is amazingly fast and stunning as expected from the review and the promos. I received the product in time . I am having good experience in using this new smart phone.its an awesome phoneOs similar to redmi prime change in look only with big size 5.5 inch and one more feature with touch unlock camera quality not very good its an average i give overall 3 staramazing phone at this pricePhone is very much heating at the time of charging, charger also heating very much. When surfing net or listing music or seeing video phone also heating up. I am very much disappointed. If any one facing the same issue please reply here.Phone is Nice slim, However after Usage of around 45 Days Sides of Phone are swelling from Sides am not Getting Support from MI they are very late in Response or Solution.Waited too long for this phone, gonna buy Le2 which has got way better specs than this one.Best in range.Deep patelBest phoneNice phoneGood phoneAwesome  both redmi note 3 and Amazon service and by God's grace the delivery was made on my birthday  thanks  for that and its been 3 days the device performance is way too good worth it... Thanks Xiaomi and AmazonMy Sound got out of functon within 3 days of purchase and the camera quality is much poor as photos gets blur. Don't go on there promotional videos its all fake.Been trying to buy RedmiNote 3 since its launch more than 7 weeks ago..no success..seems its a fake...so now bought Le 1s Eco..5 TB cloud space ..great offer ...happy with flipkart & LeEco and annoyed with Amazon and Mi .awesome phoneDecently working , phone comes without pre fixed screen guard or inside pack there is no screen guard, its small cause to worry.Performance of phone ok.Just got the phone thanks to amazon delivered in just 4days and phone is just awsome played game like dead trigger 2 working smooth best phone of the worldSuperb phThe voice quality is very very poor and distorted on both the SIMs. I'm totally disappointed as it doesn't support memory card with 2 SIMs-in.Don't purchase this phone.It's not able to chargeTaking to Much hit.Hang also.Don't trust to buy product from amazonGreat phone  at this price.  Fingerprint  scanner  works very well . Battery charges fast and lasts long.  Love the  design  very muchYes no doubt the redmi note3 is excellent. the only thing is the battery which has to be re charge daily. the Camera is also good one.Very badNot goodits goodNice phonegood phoneFinally I got Note 3(3GB RAM & 32GB MEMORY) in last sale.With it I have one of the best gadget experience ever !!Thanx 'MI'Only 3 words - Go For ItSuperrrGood...RockingamazingAwesomeNot BadPatheticexcelentSuperb and speci is awesome but cam is not satisfied what I expect.. And other are good and perfectMobile camera Not a 16 mpAnd not spot to 1080 hd vedioI don't ilke mobile onlie for display conference but not wordNice product happy with it. ..and fast delivery by amazon ..good battery life as well good looksphone built is very good and looks sleek, especially in gold. Phone heats up during charging.it is just a amazing smart phone. speed is good finger print is awesome looking a rich piece.AwesomeJust AwesomeSuperbAwsomeits okGood 1Worst sale i am going for Micromax 6pro. Xiaomi make fool indian public. Plz stop this game XiaomiPremium feelBest phone for the priceService is really good I mean the service centerWorth of waiting. Amazing product. Please do wait,i was lucky enough, I got it.Receive my phone but phone don't start at first time .....disapp. Fully ....expected best from Redmi .The mobl is good BT bad feature us 12000 ka mbl or srf 32gb card supported..it's strange..Best experience with the mi redmi note 3 after updating the miui to 7.3.2.0I received this phone without any battery. Battery status displaying -2 %.Grt!!very bad experience phone is defected and again wait for more 4 5 daysBest Phone ever Love the way it looks Im so Happy right now!!!!Today I got the mobile it's beautiful & strong in performanceif anyone want gold 32gb for 12500rs whatsapp me on 9619240571Camera of mi4 is better. And the phone gets hot very fast.dnt ever participate in the deal...purchase samsng insteadGoodNiceGoodGoodNiceheating issue while making a call im getting lot of heat 42.5 degree on normal usage and average camera quality,heats up while charging n slow charging 3hr  mobile shutdown suddenly battery backup is 10-12hr  waste to buy this mobile better get omlets on this mobile bez of its heat on normal usage alsogood phone in small budgets.Its been a quite a while I am using it now,,its fantastic..first time i am using under 15K phone in my life and I never feel so... Xiami rocks, I am sorry Xiami for underestimating for quite a long time now...Only think improvement required is battery heating while charging but it is not disturbing since ideally we should not use it while charging...When it's  available  to meRedmi note 3(gold)mi chiyei am buying this phone at 2nd sale , once again amazon is my favorite list.. i have gt this product before estimated date...superb quality.... m satisfied... i also thnx to the Seller... Good Job Amazon....And MI Redmi note 3 is AwesomeeeeOkJust a small thing to share... This mobile does not come with A VERY BASIC ACCESSORY LIKE EARPHONE... ENJOY.. :)Camera is not goodThis is Mi at its best.This guy is extraordinary in every department. Juz like my fav Virat Kohli. <3<3Phone is heating in a seconds like a cooker....while charging,calling.40000 MaH battery drain with in 5 hours.some time application is getting hanged.Camera Quality is not good.its good,like itBest mobileI liked d phn,,kab aayga sale me yh wait kr rha hu phone b ni hno comparisonIt's not even two hours they delivered, the phone is not charging with the standard charger they gave. Please think before you buy MI brand.Super mobileWorst cameraGood phoneHigh prizeaverage...Good phoneJust disappointed with flash sale.ExcellentHitting problem bhut jyada he.... Internet use krte time to mano phone jalne lg jata he....Very bad product i found broken scren in the box..!!Nice onenot goodGood oneI like it .....but is is little bit slow compare to mi3 .....before i have mi3It's good product.performance is very good finally i got my dream smart phoneGoodapplock is just for name but do not work every time... overall phone is goodVery good mobile,in less cost.Sometimes heating, but I loved using it.ExcitedPhone is very good, but battery is not up to expectation as of 4000 mah.U should not trust thisGo for moto x playIt's far better than thisRedmi Note 3It is good, but 1mm smaller so the is a slight gap after stickingNice phone...Wish to buy this.Thank you xiomi to launch such a wonderful phone.Sooooooooooper mobilesuperbOsham mobile phone I love it's...  But u umi7 don't update...Too much heating problem .Have to return the very next day ..Flash lite is yellow color so kindly reply me how do whiteSelling propeganda .........making fool........Flash sale?I cant buy it..plz booking me 1 redmi note 3 32 gold plzzzzzzz.Nice phone super gaming speed no heng super viewgoodYes,i didnt get this phone i am not going to say a single word about cellphone but what the heck this flash sale about? I registered apprx 4-5 times,twice i Add cart button didnt work and when later worked that time it was checking deal status,the funny part is after sale that loading stopped:) Now i will go for Lenovo and Meizu ;) keep playing sale sale:)Great phone for the great price. Has everything a buyer looks for in a mid-range budget. From the looks and performance perspective, no one can complain except going by the technical reviews that the only somewhat negative point seems to the camera capability in low-light which is a problem faced even by some of the competitors' flagship phones.I think I will buy another phone from another brand .my redmi not 3 phone is bad phoneIt is an excellent mobille phoneIts best phone with this priceI think there's heating issueIn app browse there should be a sale date mentioned or app should allow user to add it in wish list or cart in which also a sale date can be put. Got to know by friend that in Internet explorer browser Amazon has put sale date. How will a app user will knows.bad:-)This cell phone is a bestgood phoneRedmi note 3 smartphone is very good performance but I not bought .why I buy redmi note 3very poor quality....finger print sensor is not working ....heating like a boil waterIts realy bad bad bad bad product....i am very upset.......Excellent Phone ever.phone lag and network issue leeco 2s is betterpretty awesomeSuperb mobileHe is taking all most one weekThe worst phone I have ever purchased. It was heating too much yesterday night for 2 hours even it was on switched off mode.Mohd Qamar AnsariUnder budget beast phone....It is too good***** Great device at affordable price *****  Overall awesome phone.1. Display  : Full HD videos are playing flawlessly without any stutter or lag,  Picture clarity is superb.2. Camera : 16 MP Awesome photo clarity.3. Sound  : Audio quality-Very crisp and clear.4. Connectivity: tried Bluetooth,WiFi and 4G. Everything is awesome and works as expected.5. Performance: No issues and lags in regular use till date.5. Build : Premium quality & feel6. OS : Android 5.1.1 and  MIUI version: 7.1.7.07. RAM : 3Gb works fine.8. Battery is decent.It is a good purchase for someone looking for budget phone.Cons:  1. Hybrid SIM slot. (One Sim Card and One Memory card OR only two Sim cards)  2. One SIM is micro and Second is Nano.like iti just got 3gb 32 gb gold.amazone i like you..Nice phone, earlier networks were not coming but after changing country and restarting networks were brilliant. fingerprint super fast : )OMG i have finally Placed the order of 32GB trying to book from the 1st Sale. Atlst today i did it. Yahhoooo. . .