Review after using 32 GB variant for 20 daysPositive things first-1. Battery backup - Hats off to Xiaomi. In past I have used nokia1320, LG G3, Oneplus1, Samsung note3. Trust me guys if you are a heavy Smartphone user then also your battery can last more then 24 hours. Far better than another cellphone.2. Display 401 ppi - Good.. Not the best.. But then also you feel the quality of 24k smartphone. I will give 3.5 or 4 out of 5.(I think because last phone I used is LG G3.. Having 538 PPI)3. Camara - Again a good work.. Front camara OK.. Rear camera it is good in day light.It is like ok ok type of quality.4. Performance - great performance till now. I never faced a single lagging issue. For performance 5 out of 55. Heating issue - Heating.. What is that? I played NOVA 3, Modern combat etc games. After playing 30-40 minutes it gets little warm, which is normal in every phones.Negative things :(1. Not a scratch resistant glass. After using 2-3 days without screen protector I can see couple of thin scratches in my phone, no comparison with gorilla glass (gorilla glass are far better)2) Screen Rotation - Some time I face problem in rotating the Screen.. Not frequently but yes sometimes3) it looks like a delicate phone. If it falls you can see the dent on back panelThis is a quality product in 12kMy request - please do not post any fake comments.I received my Xiaomi redme note 3 on 04th April which i booked through flashsale on 30th March. As soon as i tried to enter the simcard there were software issues and the phone didn't boot up. It only showed mi logo. I took my simcard to airtel store and got a fresh simcard issued. On inserting the new sim, the result was the same and the screen dispalyed only mi logo and was continuously restarting. I ordered the replacement on the same evening. i will keep posting about the replacement time and status of new phone after i receive it. Seriously disappointed. i am getting the same display as attached from past 2 hours. No button is working, can't take out the battery. Horrible experience.I would like to give a honest review in a crisp and clear manner..1. Build quality -  However Redmi note3 is tagged to price of a budgeted smart phone, its premium finish and metal body drives it to a premium product and i would rate it 5/5 for its buil quality.2. Display - In case of display it clear and viewable in daylight and it is solid and tough enough to sustain drops and bumps and i recommend a 4.5/53. User Interface - Miui interface is globally loved by million of users since it is customized to be a user friendly. Awesome stuff by Xiaomo and it scores 4.8/54. Battery - Xiaomi has generously provided a 4000mah battery that could very well long last for extra hours and best in the class. 4.7/55.Camera - When it comes to camera, i have read some criticising reviews, but in my experience it is best in the class. It is more than good in day light, when it comes to low light photography even the 30k or 40k worth smartphone cameras delivers an average class of photo. To be more clear i have provided few samples of photo taken in Redmi note 3Please dont get misguided by these cheap chinese products.they are way lower in any and every specification than the established names of Samsung,Nokia,Moto.I recommend and urge everyone not to buy any Xiaomi Product. they are highly useless.Highly poor customer service.One of their Customer Service Executive Durgesh does not even know how to talk. Manu Jain is unable to manage this company.Amazon....it is time you make a separate rating for quality of the product and for buying experience... it significantly pulls down the rating of the product on the grounds of poor buying experience....Good quality mobile,camera avarage,excellent battery backup,also cdma(Mts) supports.Phone is getting heated after 1 min on over the call.Any one can help on this.This phone is really amazing .. I'm really glad that I waited to buy this instead of coolpad note 3 and Asus max ... Both of the phones cost almost same but redmi note 3 is a much better performer .Pros :-Display of the phone is very nice ... It is a 1080p display and it produces crystal clear picture quality and also the phone looks very expensive and feels totally premium due to the metallic body on the back ... The sound quality of the phone is also pretty loud and clear ... Apart from that camera of the phone is really good , The front camera of the phone gives excellent picture quality but the rear camera of 16mp is not that impressive in low light but produces good quality pics in day light ... The battery of the phone is also amazing, It is a 4050 mah battery which can easily last for 2 days on normal usage and for 1.5 days on heavy usage ... The phone works very smoothly, Thanks to the 2gb RAM and 1.8ghz hexa core processor which helps in running the apps and games faster ... As far the gaming performance is concerned, I have tried only Asphalt 8 on high settings and it was running smoothly ...Cons :-1. The rear camera doesn't perform like a 16mp camera but overall it is good for price2. Hybrid slot is little weirdConclusion -  All in all it is a awesome phone and the best phone in 10k Budget ... Go for it without thinking even once :)This is nice mobileHeating while in charge & during playing games Battery  is average  its not looking like 4000mah it look like 3000mah.Its really not a 16 gm rom it has just  10gb rom and i  that 2.5gb was used by pre installed apps and u get only 7.5 gm free space.Its stylish to holdIt has nice  themFinger print scanner is  awesome.Camera   is little above averageU can use 2 sim or 1 sim + 1sd card.Sound  quality is goodNo hands free with boxCant remove batteryEverything is just awesome camera, performance and quality of the mobile just awesome. Design will be loved by all. But only one negative thing is that it accepts only one sim. The case is if you want to insert second sim you can't insert memory card. Either one sim and memory card or two sims can be inserted, the sim slot is designed in such a way. The most important is  is awesome.i like the colour with smooth finish net access is excellent even though 2g network also draw back is no ear phone with the mobileFundamental Design Flaw. The phone when viewed through a polarized sunglass (Rayban) in portrait mode, which is the way 95% of the times you would be holding your phone, you cant see the display on the screen. Seems like Xiaomi has put the polarizing filter wrongly below the display. I have tried viewing it using another branded polarized sunglass too. But same issue. My Nexus 5x isnt having this issue, nor the Oneplus One my wife operates.Since most of the time you would be using the phone in portrait mode, using this phone wearing a polarized sunglass would be absolutely not possible. Which also means if you need to use this phone, dont wear sunglasses on a sunny day (impossible in Hyderabad) or change to a non-polarized one, which means changing your lifestyle because of a flaw which Xiaomi has.I only came to know about this, when I used it while driving to office today, Monday morning (since the phone arrived only on Friday and over the weekend, I used it only at home and transferring data). As soon as I reach home today evening, I'll update this review with a video as a proof. Meanwhile, I am awaiting Amazon's decision on refund, since they have changed their policies on mobile phones.In addition, there are also Software level issues with Bluetooth and Heaphone Speakers which creates challenges during regular operations like pairing, or some noise during a call etc.Everything is awesome except the screen protection.Outstanding batteryOutstanding lookOutstanding performance.gud condition and many features in this mobileAmazing service!received the product within a week. Great specifications, intuitive User Interface, and high value for money. I found it suitable to my requirements. No heating issues, or any other minor problems experienced in mi4i. However, in the beginning, needed a lot of software updates. Rest assured, the product is perfect!Don't buy this phone..got this phone yesterday..phone getting heated very much..also phone getting hang quite often..very much disappointed with the phone..this was the first time that i was trying xiomi product..very much disappointed..not upto the expectation..Poor Camera Performance. Rest all good. Stop the flash sale. Bring it in Open SaleIts awsm phone, all games r plaiying smoothly, camera is working better on daylight, only heating problem facing while charging.Over All best...Although a good phone, but the problem is either you use the 2nd sim or memory card because there is only 1 slot for both. Also the 2nd sim slot is for nano sim. Phone gets very heated while playing games. Camera quality is good. Battery is excellent. Overall go for 32 gb phone instead of the 16 gb otherwise you will have storage problem !!9999 rs me ye best me sabase best mobile hai.Fabulous.Usually i m not fan of MI and its OS and design, Heating, Bug in os etc ,  after done much review i decided to buy this mbl becz of i love the design n uni body design and its price tag too. Yes dey have done it well compare to all the previews modelsYou no need to go for any external app its inbuilt have utility apps.I m bit hard user of mbl so even for me its last for one full day.I heard about heating while charging and network issue, but it only with the device dey used not in all the device.Issue : we need to give administrate rites every time for the app. thts very irritating while u using apps such as Avast battery saver, Greenfy, Clean master. etc.Who want to taste the all flagship phone features go for this with out having second thought. worth buying.Amazon should not provide fake information. Xiaomi claimed this phone is dual simply and expanded to32gb.  But out of these two features only one can used.Camera is average(may less than 8mp)Yes phone having heating issue just like my redmi prime 2Otherwise it's good phone.Got the Redmi Note 3 in the third flash sale, had to settle for the 16 gig variant. Was a little susceptible at first but one i began using it all my doubts cleared away!Let's review all the aspects one by one-BUILD QUALITY:Probably the best, if not the best! The phone feels premium in the hand and certainly looks costlier than it actually is, especially the golden variant i think!DISPLAY:I was a little unhappy with the display at first but then i realized there was a protective layer on the SCR n which i had'nt taken off! Once i did that! I was pleasantly surprised, great saturation of colours, great colour accuracy. Just great! The touch response is also pretty awesome, the capacitive buttons also give awesome response!CAMERA:Didn't really try the back camera in low lighting conditions but in adequatr light the photos came out pretty good! The selfie cam is satisfactory, although it over exposes the face sometimes.UI:This was a disappointmen! Xiaomi simply hasn't optimized MIUI enough for the 2 gig variant i feel, during heavy multitasking, there were quite a few times the UI got unloaded off the RAM, at first i thought it because of the scarcity of RAM but when i went ahead to clear the RAM there was about 400 MB still free, after that it was clear that it's an optimisation issue, i did recieve an update but it did no good on that front. Switched to Nova Launcher Prime and things run butter smooth! Not all about the MIUI is bad though, its has nifty features like one hand use and stuff but is not fully optimised according to me!BATTERYBest in class. Period.Seriously, i am constantly getting 8 hrs of screen on time and since it's a new device you can imagine how much time i must be spending on it! Great battery will easily last a working day!So that covers it all i guess! There are a few other issues, like the google keyboard, which again is not optimized but trust me when i tell you, nothing wrong with this device which can't be fixed with a software update!  Go for it!Cheers!Lastly i regestered for 3 gb Ram n 32 gb Rom .bt  now itz showing 2GB ram n 16 GB romWithin one month of its purchase the charging port got spoiled, we took it to claim the mfg warranty, it is now 10days, they are claiming that it might take another 10 days.Everyone coming to the service center has the similar challenges of delay in honoring the warranty claims.very bad support and delivryThe worst phone and the worst customer support.The phone worked good in starting. Suddenly after 5 days it stopped 3G support. On contacting Customer care, they told that they could help only if I would have bought insurance.Now the question is, when mobile is under warranty, why do I need to have bought insurance in order to get service centre support?There was a minor error due to that it was not supporting 3G. The software update. The customer support staff is not educated to help on phone or to just guide that the phone needs an update.Now, the phone's screen has gone blank. Not supporting any thing.Fed up with the phone.The problem is Amazon is not allowing return of the product.The return period must be minimum 1 month for electronic items.Giving  because I have no option for negative rating.Hope this will help the buyers.mobile so good,battery very high power,toch nice,i like finger print sensor,but battery not removebel.This product is very nice but there is 1 and only problem with the celluler network of both sim slots.I think it is good product on this budget. The Touch of phone is very smooth and clarity is also awesome. But, i facing some problem i.e. the phone is hang again and again without insert sim card and charger of the same is not functioning proper. Overall Average experience of the product.letv 1s is much btr than this product guyz ....Great phone for the price. Online flash sale is a fraud. I can understand if I am not able to register my request for the initial few seconds. During the sale I participated, the 32GB model was shown available for almost 20 mins and despite all type of connection including the highest speed 4G connections, it did not register my request both through mobile app and the desktop web. clearly indicating of malpractice by the sale conductor (whether Amazon or Xiaomi) of blocking public connections and allowing only certain other perhaps insider trading. Only after 20 mins when it seems all the insider traders have got enough of it and the 16GB model still did not finish up did my request get registered. So, while product was good, the selling practice is a strictly no no perhaps having illegalities....So far so good. Before purchasing did some finding. so the heating while charging is true. Good performance nice "Mi Mover" can be use to migrate from old phone keeping the call history, SMS and some other stuff.I wish there are some more tutorial or HowTo, which tell how to setup later in case you skip first time.Overall i love the product excellent battery life, while gaming more than 10 min device heat little, but acceptable. So far having more than 5000 contacts and over 1000 SMS with everything setup device performance is well with good battery life.Battery life i have not noticed much but with intermediate uses it last more than 1.5 day.About Mi UI so far the best one i have seen.Package :Package contain charger and sim tray opening pin.The best part : Its made in India !Hardware: The biuld quality of the phone is very good,the only small issue is that the backside of the phone is a bit slippery. The phone is less than 1cm bigger in size than moto g3. The battery life of the phone is too good. The phone heats up too much during charging perhaps because quick charging is enabled. I am using an 1 amp charger so that it does not get overheated. The external speaker volume is just a little less than Moto G3.Software:The software of the phone has been primarily designed for the people of China. The chinese people depend on chinese cloud but we Indians depend on google cloud predominantly. The redmi/mi phones have been adapted for use outside of China by adding the google play store. This is not seamless, for example the google contacts sync doesn't work. So think twice before buying these Chinese phones and particularly those who like stock android should avoid these phones. Personally I feel even Lenovo's interface is better than this.there are heating issues at low battery...and this issue exponentially increases while charging the phone!A premium handset at an amazing price. Had minor heating issues after first boot, although it was gone soon. Performance is 9/10. The phone looks superb and is comfortable for one handed usage. I upgraded it to MIUI 7.1 so the UI was relatively smoother. Some features like the fingerprint camera shutter and fingerprint app lock are said to be coming with the next update. Overall, its an ideal device for daily usage as well as high performance tasks. Battery is running 1 day+ since last full charge.Amazon was truly co-operative and helpful with every process. The device was delivered by the stipulated date. Thumbs up to the Amazon India chat helpline. They were really courteous and friendly. Would surely suggest the Redmi Note 3 (16GB) as one of the best devices in the 10K budget.No 32gb variant. Had to buy 16gb variant.. So much dissapointed. Not even any information on when it would be available.Gets heat up easily. Hangs a lot but hey, I'm getting most of the features in the low price range.Would give it a 5 star ...if they provided with screen guard..( :P )phone is smooth as butter. Looks  good...trust me ..I'm very choosy but this phone impressed me enough... Heats up a bit...coz of metal... Camera is above avg. Nd for 10000 bucks it's the best you can getCamera quality is no good...........defective product. poor customer service feedback.phone received in good condition. I am not seeing any problem from past 1 month better than Letv.Before ordering  this phone i read reviews about this phone.they were not good as expected . but now am using this handset i am satisfied by this product.. Looks -5/5Processing: 4.5/5Camera: 3.5 (not good in low light)No heating problem. Must buy phoneDear all,First make sure that you decided to purchase this product, because after payment amazon is not going to return your money.Pros:1.look is good.2.finger print sensor is nice.3.battery back up is good.4.touch is okay.Cons:1.Only replacement no refund.2.can't use two sim and SD card simultaneously.3.No headset.4.battery is not replaceable.5.camera flash is not good.so night pic is bad.day light pic is just okay.5.little bit heating issue while browsing and talking.6.Out of 16 GB ROM, only 9gb free.7.out of 2gb ram,only 1gb free.8.16mp camera, but pic quality is just like 8mp.9.poor front camera.So my final conclusion is that if you people investing 10k,then spent 2-3k more and go for best product.Xiaomi is running a scam here. 32 GB version is missing & 90% chance is, it's not going to come back - because MI5 is being launched soon with similar hardware but 20+k price. Making 32 gb version of note 3 at this stage will kill mi5. Also, units of note 3 offered for sale is too low because it got over in less than 1 second in last 2 sales. Such scam wont work - at least not for me. I m going for an alternate - mayb huwei honor 7.I like this phone! I waited for a while to buy this phone! Everything is quite good except that it has a heating problem! After a month of purchase, the phone started to hang frequently especially while using apps such as instagram.Rest everything is quite impressive:)But it not had an extra slot for micro SD card . we have to put memory card to the 2nd sim slot.Using from past 1 month; superb experience. Im using 16 gb varient but d speed of surfing n downloading is faster than both nexus 6 n i phone 6s on the same network. Dont know how they able to pull it. Charging is v fast. Battery is superb. So much satisfied. Simply love itHYPE RRR SALE! FAKE! TOTAL FAKE! 32 GB VANISHED ??????????WITHIN SPLIT SECOND ITS OVERGUYS PLEASE DONT WASTE YOUR TIME GO FOR LECO LETV ITS MUCH BETER THAN THIS.The product seemed to be good... but after a day of use it got switched off and when i try to turn it on bootloop appears and MI logo reccuring. . after an hour i tried fast boot option with unsuccesfull result..then i tried to swicth it on by pressing the power buttton for 8 secs. That one works and the product worked very well.. Now just before writing the review i experianced the same problem.. A bit confused whether to return the item or keep it.. all other features seems to be very goodd expect for the camera which is not upto the mark. MIUI is also very good.. performance seemed to be gud with snapdragon 650 processor. smooth performance. however i should contact the customer care . if anyone experience the same issue please let me know .. Thank You.UpdatedI got the replacement within 3  days. Product is really good.. Battery is a beast. Miui is really appreciableBetter  than  expected,  best  value  for  money, light  n handy, finger print  scanner  Is better  than  I've  ever  used.  Love  it ,  maybe  a little  heating  problem  while  charging ,  but  when  I used  my  Samsung  charger ,  even  that  problem  was  gone.......My experience with the product after using 2 weeks is very nice.The only cons are that it heats little bit faster after the casual use and also while charging.Another issue that I face is low signal reception , brightness and vividness is not comparable to samsung's Super AMOLED screens.amazon  service  is very good. But the red me note 3  is the world's best mobile in this priceafter using 2 days,  i m huge fan of this mobile...even i used almost all companie's mobile like apple,Samsung, sony, cool pad etc. But this one give me satisfaction. battery backup and camera is awesome.screen  resolution  is mind blowingdesign  is goodfinger sensor....  superbperformance  5/5and this my original  reviewso u can go for its without  thinking.in the starting  i was confuse b/w asus zenfon max and red me note 3but after reading(like u r reading  mine)  sooooooo many user review  i found red me note 3  best for me. And now i m proud  that my decision  was great...soooo finally goooooooo for itsI am using this phone from 5 days and It seens to be awesome. All features of this phone are satisfied and its accessories are also available to the market easily. The main feature of this phone is its fingerprint sensor and its camera which differentiate it with othersI have ordered the mobile.Bad camera performance not able to click just 3mp . my Nokia has better cameraHeats while using, gaming, surfing.So what make the configuration .Look is good.battery also good.Really disappointement after using the setZooming redmi note 3 iIbought  one week back,  it's nice to use all feature  like  iPhone  6sDropped phone not working right and main when it felt body bent badly. Even its sim tray bentAfter 1 month battery started draining rapidly even without usage and shows goes from 100% to 5% and in just 4 hrs without even using the phon and at last phon switched off in standby mode. Resetting or updating software didnt work. My suggestions go for other phons.Just awesome phone in this price sgmnt u nvr gonna get this typs of featurs  n snpdrgn650 . no heating issu at all .  the user who wrote abut this god  help them.bt blev me guys it really wroth of price.  N some ppl alws say bulls*** abut  all this jst ignore them ..I want to buy 32gb model but this time its not available when it possible then I surely buy this one and also applied for replacement/refund which are not been provided so far. I handed over to the Blue Dart personnel for the replacement/refund of this mobile due to technical problem or software crash and not been switched off or mobile is not working at all. But unfortunately nothing have been done till date . After receiving on 23rd May 2016 today is 8th of June 2016 I am not been able to do anything with this mobile not getting my money back to purchase the other model of this and use the new 4g sim which is lost almost its data pack. So , do the needful at an earliest.thanks with regardsSandip Sarbadhyaksha91+9474484284, 91+9932535317Nice phone good quality productIt's the best phone ever I got.Disadvantage of Mobile.1. We can not use Sim1,Sim2 and Memory Card simultaneously.(We can use 1 sim and 1 memory card or 2 sim only)  because there is only 2 Slots available.2. Atleast One Earphone must be there with product.Otherwise good product.indeed awesome phone....Best battery backup, speaker, charging speed. Total worthy phone5stars for amazon's speedy delivery. With Snapdragon 650 processor the performance of divice is excellent and battery gvng a talktime of 18-20hrs but due to its metallic body slight heat compliant its not a fault... Thanku amazon for providing dream deviceOverall phone is good and meet my expectations. Yes its true some of redmi note 3 phone get heated but luckily not mine. Although miui custom rom still needed a lots of important. As a final verdict I will suggest go ahead and buy u will not be regrated.Hi friends1) mobile outlook NICE2) mobile configuration OK3)camera NICE4) DANGER THINK IS MOBILE HEATING HEAVLY @ SHORT TIME HIGH HEAD.5) NO PLACE FOR EX SDCARD...THIS OR THAT TYPE SIM2 OR EX SDCARD ONLY ONE OPTION...its really a good phone for 10k ..PROS.1.processor snapdragon 650 is really fast and gets job done easily.2.display is quite good for a 10k phone3.SD card4.BIG BATTERY 4000mah ..it easily last for 1.5 days5.Fingerprint scanner is faster than my oneplus 26.IR blasterCONS1.Low quality bulid-yes it is a metal built but feels cheap in hand.2.camera is a major weak point.tho its a 16mp it clicks only decent pic.but cant complain for 10k3.Bloated MIUI4.Ram management is Meh!5.NO gorilla glass.got a scratch within 3 days of usage.,better use a tempered glass.VerdictIts a really a good mobile for 10k..IF 10k is your budget look no elsewhereExcellent Phone. I am a user of MI from last one year when I bought Redmi note 4G in flash sale last year. When I heard  about launch of Red mi note 3 I was pretty excited to get the one with 32 GB memory but unfortunately didn't got success in any flash sale for almost one month after launch. So finally decided to go for 16 GB model. Now I am utilizing it for more then a month and mobile is working excellent as expected.Battery Back is phenomenol It hardly get consumed with full day utilizing for calls and medium internet surfing.Built is excellent with sleek design and fine finish. I am quite satisfied with the product at this price. Wish Amazon could have launched more no. of 32GB variants in flash sale.I Like This Fine ..As SUPER PHONE And Bettry Its Fine Up To Full Internet Using Up to 5 Days...I Like This  Phone...And Yes ...Aide Mobile Bar Bar Market Me Nai Ate So Buy It...But Xiaomi ...As A Request.. Plzz Open A Service Centre In RAJKOT,GUJARATNice phone with good price tag.Display, UI, battery, sound clarity was good enough.Camera was good in day, little disappointed in dark.Overall a master piece. Buy Flipcase for Mi store only. Accessories from others are trash.Itssss Superrr mobile,,,Looking So goodPerformance toooo GoodBattery itsss SuperrrrrrrrrrbNo hating IssuesMust buy this mobile it's good in this budgetThank you Amazon in one day delivery ,,,, Greatvery good device excellent design.hardware is the plus point of this mobilebattery backup is the best partonly issue as it has metal back it tends to slip a lot. for me no issues as i purchased a new flip cover to itI have MI redmi 16 GB for around a month now. It's a very good phone. No complaints so far. Touch is very sensitive.. Volume is good.. Internet browsing is a superior experience.. And video quality.. Photo..is very classy. I am loving it..A very good phone.No lagging issues after  about one month of usage.fingerprint-awesomecamera-averageheating -littlebattery- awesomePerformance-awesomeI will update my review if any changes occur.Everything is ok, except camera. It is not 16 MP. as thry say.It seems like 8 mp.I got this mobile from last sell.Its on time delivery by amazon.such a amazing phone. Some says that they didn't buy the phone on sell but it's easy to book during the sell even i grab its on my first time.Nice phone at this range.Used only couple of days only. Good display and finger print scanner is awesome.Everything is perfect except camera...  16 megapixel is working like 5 megapixelMobile data toggle not working.Heating while charging n playing game.Battery backup just one day of regular use.Camera is average.Call quality is little poor sometym.Look awesome.Feature r good.But is good for 10k range mobile.There is a heating problem when data connection  is on...  Camera  also not good it's not a 16mp...  Asus zenfone2 has a better camera  when we compare with redmi note3 better to go with China made..  Indian made is not good....dis pointed no 32 gb variant. i registered for 32 gb .Bull s*** phone.. Got it replaced n still the phone and charger gets heated..Device is getting heated up badly. This didn't happen in the initial days after purchasing it. Second, Front Camera isn't working at all. Replace it with new handset. Waiting for an answer as well as Amazon's credibility on it.Mi note 3 smartphone is awosome! But some issues are faces me, like when i'm listen songs with earphone google app automatic open and my music player & video player automatically stop. Some time hanging problem and call issuesThe phone everthing is great butif u use dual sim then u can't  use memory card or if u use memory card then u can use only single simits mean if u use  dual sim u have no option to use memory card  Only 9 GB spaceBought it in flash sale .Product is worth for money. Heating issue is there even for 30 minutes normal game play. While charging also getting fully heated sometimes.Camera, finger print sensor, touch, and volume everything is good. Use UC browser instead of default which is better than chrome also.Cloudtail: For within a day delivery they did very late and no proper update. I make complain to amazon too. guys whoever placing order in office address you may need in office to get the product till 9- 9:30 pm. never expect this from cloudtail.Totally better than letv 1s eco  in all aspect like camera, fp sensor, which is with my friend.Osum smartphone in best price, as equal to iPhonePerfect phone for this generationBut to get this phone many customer's get frustrated by process and registrationAnd people will think negative about companyI ordered gold but received different color and in product description not mentioned clear information about sim slots. We can use either 1 sim with memory card or only 2 sims at a time. That is main draw of using mobile for downloding apps or movies. I called amazon customer care for refund but they are telling not possible for refund. They can replace with only replacement with gold color. Even they cant replace with 32 gb redmi note 3. Poor customer service. Not at all satisified with service or product.Since 3 weeks im trying to book this mobile now I'm moving to le eco le ecoI Have purchased this mobile on 09-Mar-2016 upto 10 days it was working fine, the problem started at 21-Mar-2016. 1. Dial pad Icon has gone 2. Not able to receive incoming calls 3. WiFI is not working 4. Not able to change any settings on the phone. I gave for service today (26-Mar-2016)in MI anna nagar service centre  they are not able to rectify the problem they want change the motherboard of phone, and  they cant replace with new one. I have used this phone for hardly 10 days even before its failed. I am wondering how MI can release these kind of junks to customer without done any QC.My sincere advise dont go for this mobile waste of money.Please Dont Buy this Phone, It have a lots of problem within two days it started hanging when i m using two Apps Parallel and over Heating Issue so i replaced the Item .the delivered another device its Outer aluminum foil is not fixed properly so better go for other brandThank you... hope i would get it same next time if i order somethingGreat looks and awesome performance. Best value in this price point.the redmi note 3 works well and performance is awesome.( yaha to aisa hai jisne le liya usko mil gaya Jo nahi le paya wo wait karo) xiomi not able to manufacture 3Gb variant. I have read it some where online that they are going to import 3gb variant from China, this is a shame for xiomi. where it is a good competitor for others and now xiomi don't have a phone to inter into the competition. Here 2gb variant is also upto the mark. I checkout it's benchmark and the performance it's quite good if you are looking for a good budget (bundle of features) phone xiomi redmi note 3 is also be the good choice don't worry about the 2 GB RAM, over all performance is good. you can play heavier games as well no issues occur. I have a 2gb RAM variant of silver colour it was creating some problem, but now after updating it to 7.2.2 miui it's working fine. Before updating to the new 7.2.2 miui fingerprint sensor only works with unlocking the phone it was not working with the unclicking the apps but after a update finger print sensor starts working in unlocking the apps. The best thing in this phone are as follows1 Battery 4050mah2 fingerprint sensor3 definitely powerful processor comes with powerful GPU make it a combination of high performance phone4 we can operate our home appliance like TV AC DVD player etc and all remote controlled deviceThe worst thing in this phone is as follows1 battery heats up while charging but tolerable2. can't remove battery3 Xiomi have to do some software changes in this phone so many bugs occur4 Headset only come with charger and user manual there is no hndfree insideHere my over all ratings are 8/10This is a reaply good budget phone. I purchased itin the flash sale that took place on the 30.03.2016. The phone arrived on the 02.04.2016. So the delivery was excellent.The phone has an amazing look and the fingerprint sensor is a new amd innovative function.If there are any faults to be found, it's the heating of the charger and the phone during the charging. But I've heard that all phones these days are facing similar problems. Moreover, the phone is 169g, without the back cover. Along with the cover it becomes quite heavy. I've not used it intensively yet, but it seems to be a good phone.There are network issues with this phone. The basic function of making and receiving the calls is defied by this.And it is not about the area, but the phone because it behaves the same everywhere..I have a Xiaomi Mi3, but the Sim reader got corrupted through my negligence.Hence, I decided to buy a new phone. I would have preferred the 32 GB version with 3 GB RAM, but was not lucky to click it in time, as they sold in a couple of seconds. I was wait listed for the 16 GB version which I have been using  for the past 4 days. As I had the Mi3, it was a breeze setting up the phone.My unbiased opinion is go and buy one. If your budget is no a constraint, then opt for the 32 GB version if you are lucky to get one, otherwise the 16 GB works fine with a 32 GB card put instead of a second sim.2016-04-01This phone looks very good and from the day, I bought the phone everyone has been asking about it.It looks awesome thanks to linear design on the backside.PerformanceThis phone is powerhouse it can do anything you throw at it without any lags.The redmi note 3 works well and performance is awesome. xiaomi not able to manufacture 3Gb variant. I have read it somewhere online that they are going to import 3gb variant from China, this is a shame for xiaomi. where it is a good competitor for others and now xiomi don't have a phone to inter into the competitionPros:*** MADE IN INDIA (Check the image)*** MIUI, the MI user interface one of the most customizable, powerful, features packed android user interface. You get almost everything a smartphone user needs without the help of any third-party apps.*** Very simple and sleek design, Overall good build quality, fully metal made, available in many colors and only ~72.4% screen-to-body ratio. (added pictures)*** Radio and IR blaster and USB OTG support.*** Fast and accurate fingerprint scanner.*** Stunning 13.97cm (5.5") Full HD IPS display. (Bigger the display more the productivity.)*** Fast 2GB and 3GB Dual Channel RAM with fast 16GB/32GB Flash memory.*** Redmi Note 3 has a Qualcomm's Snapdragon 650 64 bit CPU with two A72 cores and four A53 cores to carry out intensive tasks at once while completing simpler tasks in the background to save on battery life.*** Adreno 510 graphics processor supports DirectX, OpenCL, FlexRender and other PC gaming technologies for a richer gaming support and experience.*** The Menu, Home, and Back keys are white backlit keys. (Check the image)*** 4G, Dual sim and supports all bands in India.*** The excellent output from the 3.5mm jack, all you need is a good pair of earphone. I tested it with XB70AP.*** Big 4050 mAh high-capacity battery coupled with power efficient Qualcomm Snapdragon 650 processor and the battery saving features of MIUI makes it one of the most longer battery life smartphone.*** 16MP rear camera | 5MP front camera are not the best camera but it performs better than many phones and best at this price tag.*** Bundled with good quality 2 amp charger.Cons:*** Does NOT have Corning Gorilla/Dragontail or any kind of glass protection(can be solved using a tempered glass).*** Hybrid slot for the Micro SD and 2nd sim card.*** No NFC, No USB type-C.*** No Quick Charge 2.0(It has old previous generation fast charging).*** Nonremovable battery.*** The speaker is placed on the back side and the output from the speaker in all Xiaomi phones is average or below average in this case this phone won't be audible in the noisy environment and from the another room.*** Locked Bootloader and Long, very long wait for the kernel sources.*** Limited availability, Can be bought in flash sales only for now.*** The 3GB/32GB variant available only in gold color.*** MIUI is the heavily customized android, and because of it takes ages to update their base, right now it MIUI 7.1 comes with the base of Android Lolipop and there will be a long wait for the Android Marshmallows.Please Hit the YES button If you found this Review Helpful. It encourages me to inspect more and more products so that you could have only the Right Products.Best mobile and very very fast processor.. I like battery backup. This the smartphone what I want to buy. Very very good. And it's camera wow what a super quality and it's 4 k video .I love it. So muchOne word.so far so good.music,battery,display,speed.just great!!!Within 10k this product 100% worth to buy. Xiomi has made full promise to justify its performance so no doubt it is the best smartphone till date under 10kNot up to the mark. Making india fool redmi note 3.Heating Heating Heating.... I want to give 0 / no star but that option not available. Don't go for it.Best mobile within 10000 , very fast ,quick charging ,battery last long, camera also good so many feature's, love to  have xiaomi redmi note 3 ,strongly recommend to buy this ,very good mobile...Good phone for overall performance and gaming experience is also quite good.Do not think much before buying this phone because it is a "value for money" phone.The fingerprint scanner is also quite accurate and timely miui updates are available and this phone also has gyroscope sensor and it remote which is also not available in oppo f1 plus which costs rs27000.Cutting one star just because of the fast drain of battery while playing small games even like subway Surfers.Rest the phone is just awesome.AWSOME PHONE BY XIAOMI.KEEP IT UP. Writing my review after 2 months of usage.4 stars for the features including fingerprint scanner,bright and crisp display, camera is average nt so exceptionalThe feature of using 2nd sim or a sd card is a big drawback2days after purchase it works fast,600-800 mb free ramThere is some minor bugs with the current version which u get out of boxThere was an update and it should solve those issuesOverall a good phone with an average camera n Crisp display n speakers r goodPhone is heating while talking and charging.Best mobile within 10000 , very fast ,quick charging ,battery last long, camera also good so many feature's, love to have xiaomi redmi note 3 ,strongly recommend to buy this ,very good mobile...Dirty game xiaomi , it ain't the best , no 3gb version too . go back to China .Very good product....An avg. Smartphone with painful GPS & Bluetooth.BEWARE that after upgrade to MIUI 7.2.3, u will have GPS issues.I use run keeper and Mi fit band to track morning walk. Both these apps otherwise worked excellent on iPhone 6. However on Redmi note 3, they do not. GPS tracking is painful wrong most of the time when u r driving. So u can just use this phone only for talking ,chatting & not location based activities.camera & battery life are average. Music Player stops playing music after few minutes of play and has to be restarted. Wifi disconnects frequently.Even my Mi Band can not be found by the Redmi note 3 blue tooth. Beware if u r using even the MI band from the same manufacturer.Further, the bootloader is unlocked and even after you recieve permission from Xiomi to unlock the bootloader to install a custom software, you can not unlock and install. After few days of use, you will find how much you have been cheated. If you do not believe me, goto[...]Worst, you can not get the refund for this bad product as Amazon will only exchanges it with another (which I doubt would be a refurbished one)Hi All,I have purchased Redmi note 3 from Mi site. I am not getting internet on my Redmi note 3 for MTNL, Mumbai network while same sim gets the internet on other handset even on other Mi mobile model handset. Done all settings given by service provider, checked sim card at service provider end also its working fine. Done all settings given by Mi online support. Updated software version also but nothing works. After so many contacts with Mi service support centre, Mi representative finally admitted on call that its a software bug and I have to wait for solution but not able to comment on how much time it will takes. Its very frustrating and bad that Mi is yet not able to come up with solution and even they are not giving me return option.Check the link -  [...]Tried from first sale, but not got till now and 32 gb not available now, don't go for 16 gb ..will try for mi5.. its better optionTo much heat problem cant use continuesly more than 1hr finger print sensor is to good but main problem is u cant use 2sim  if u had a memory card in slotSoft ware got crushed within 1 and half months of purchasejust awesome phone it is unexpectable...nothing is lack inthis phone its working like phone 6s i have compared it unbelieveable good phone after using it now i am a big fan of MIPhone body is good...camera doesn't give the felling of 16 MP ...phone little heat up while chargingSome time the phone Lag's....accept this ...the phone is good.....Over all phone is OK. But 16GB is not sufficient. I got only 10GB for use, 6GB used by OS.One more thing you can use any one of them second SIM / Memory Card in this phone.Temperature reaches 45 while charging, playing low games like coc keeps temperature around 40Delivery was late but overall packing was good, no lag whatsoeverPlayed high end games like nova3 and asphalt 8 good performance 0 lag with maximum graphicsPros: built qualityVivid displaySound quality is decentBattery is excellent with around 1day backup with heavy usageSuper processorCons: heating like frying panCamera not upto mark but focus is goodIf i missed anything pardon mePreviously in a 1st look I really liked this product. I thought it's get deal in this price but m really disappointed after using it for 1week. It's  hanged like anything. M not playing games but even fB is not opening properly.. contacts  are not showing by name.my what's app contact are just empty. Names are not showing. Not able to connect what's app from contact.. highly disappointed.Very good productSuperb design and phone's security is awsm but it has a very serious heating problem during charging , the camera quality is fine but not the best according to specsFirst is heating problem and another is duel sim does not support. if you will try to insert second sim then both sim does not work.so this is not a goodNot happy with the product. The camera is bad, the first sim slot doesnt work at all inspite of several reboots.As soon as i got it, i recharged it for about 4 hours. Once i switched on it worked fine. Later when i restarted it however i tried it is not getting switched on. I contacted customer care asked to completely refund my money. Amazon returned full amount through cheque after one week. But learnt a lesson before buying chinese product think twice.Everything is good except:* it lags to show home screen when multiple apps are open*it heats a lot, even you feel it in your pocket like a hot iron slabOver heating problem  the phone was very heating charging time calling timeRedmi note 3  loaded with good features like Mi remote,battery backup,2nd sim slot,but oftenly rotate button switching automatically,keyboard changing every time, 3 gb MODEL without stock REGISTRATIONS ARE company got remarks ....Very nice light weight nice clearity superb featuresFirst of al, when i saw d spec n price n design of d phone very impressed n ordered it throught gotdam flash sale...secondly wen i got d phone within 24 hours of usage i hav issues like device heating, network off/on automaticlly, screen rotation problem n dat sim slot not opening properly. Only thing i felt gud is extrior design of d phone n screen, camera dats it. Unfortuntly no exchange r refund..if nt i wud hav placed sum othr phone. Placed for a replacement..hav to c wat cums wit dat one..so sad..Superb mobile. Don't think just go for it.Excellent camera and battery  back up.Fingerprint  sensor does not work sometimes but it's OKFrom 1 week of use is just an awesome product by MI.good UI and really battery is long..very good build and nice software options and performances.Wanted 32 GB, but settled with 16 GB, But I am happy with the product....Some observations which are confirmed by MI service centre...1) Head Phone - All headphones are not suitable with this product... Need to go with Mi headphones, confirmed by mi service centre @ Bangalore2) Little bit heating - Will be there still next software update, confirmed by mi service centre @ Bangalore3) Battery - 1 day with 3G use & call and regular use, FB, Whatsapp, Video calls etc. etc.4) Restart is bit slow once you started installing apps.I am not a review person. But I have to say about my redmi note 3. What a phone with beautiful screen. It is better than iPhone and Samsung in price and specification point of view. I have only one con that is no water resistance.Again price point this is best phone. I totally recommend.I give 4 stars because I was not satisfy with the packaging of Amazon. Here is the link of unboxing-[...]Afterwards phone is awesome and deserve 10/10Here is review after 10 hrs of continuous use with WiFi.1- Battery 10/10, received phone with 34% battery at 10 PM it remains 10%(10hrs continuous use)2- Camera - 8/10, Great pictures in day light but not in night, it would be good if there could be front flash too.3- I have 16GB Note 3 in which 11.01GB available which is not big deal I have 32GB memory card which fits expectation of Internal storage of 32GB costing RS 119994- Finger senser- 7/10 ( I gave 7 because  I don't find it so useful as it vary fit different root of users it unlocks within 0.3Sec.5- GUI- IT has same notification Nav bar as IPhone whenever I take screenshots friend asked me did you bought an iPhone?6- R&D- I think Mi company's tech has full research on iPhone it looks like just an iPhone man.7- Lags- Still I have not found any laggings, phone is running like butter.I am 32Apps8- It takes only 2.5 hrs to fully charged up. Overall rating 9/10..Edit11- No earphone in box2- Awesome output if you are music lover boombastic.If you have any query mail me at khan.aquib14@gmail.comI will revert you back within 24 hours.Thanks for readingSo never ever try to update the latest versionToo much hype created by xiaomi...not as per its demand. Avg screen poor cellular call quality, avg camera. I returned coolpad for it but now  think that tht was better thn it.When there are 2 SIM cards inserted, the phone really has a problem and both of the SIM cards do not receive network connectionRebooted the phone and didn't work yet. Then removed the second sim and it worked fineOther features are excellent, but for this one. There is a software update out for this phoneGoing to try with the latest update and if it doesn't prove to be useful for the DUAL SIM issue, am gonna return the phoneWTF! 32 gb version is not available, and there minuscule number of device available for  16 gb also.Hello Amazon and friends,I would like to share my feedback on this xiaomi worst mobile.mobile has heating problem from 1st day in only 1 minute use .camera quality is superb like local mobile phones 3 -4MP camera(rear)After using 10 days it starting going hang and as nonremoval  battery. You will have to wait for 2 3 hour for restart.Camera is not up to expectation ..Instead of more mega pixcels camera  should have improved the quality of the picture in low light.I loved this device. And the gold one is awesome and it has brilliant features which help you in everyday life in comfortable price.On last flash sale I was not able to check out coz of internal error pop-up coming bt today's sale I got what I want great I got it.No issues for now... will have to use the phone before giving any feedbackproduct is superb in its price range, miui  is excelent to customize your phine. but 2nd sim and memory card have single slot so that you can use eigther 2nd sim or memory card. so purchasing 32 gb variant is a good idea for dual sim usersMain problem of this phone is ....both the 2 sim and memory card will not work Simultaneously. Either 1 sim + memory card or 2 sim.Ye phone full to Chinese  hai... isse thousands time better k4 note hai...mai kl phone leya orr touch kaam hee nahi kr raha ....fir mai service  center gaya ....tou service  center bolta han ye appka fault ....whats the fcuk....mi company. ....Indians ko fool banana band karo ...mi company sb ka trust khatm ho gaya .....ab tum pure Chinese  ke naam se famous ho gaye .....band karo .....gatya phone sell krna .......pleaseReally amazing phone in this price. We can insert both sims me a memory card at same time. Just check it on web searchIt has dual SIM sockets. But if we insert the 2nd SIM, cannot insert the SD Card and Vice Versa. So, it doesn't serve the purpose.AWESOME...!!! Best phone in this price..Im using redmi note 3 it is one of best phone in the range of 10000 bt this is creating one problem that when we set to flight mode and after taking out from flight mode then no call is coming it is switch off even after showing full network uske baad switch off karke on kana padta h camera quality of not so good and intensity of flash  light is less  if any solution to this u all guys is having then kindly share itSirMene 24aprel ko mobile liya aur 2baar phone kharab ho chuka hAb ki bar to on hi nahi ho rha h sir hamari help karoConfiguration has limitations of storage, heating problem, hybrid slots, difficult to remove and insert memory card and sim card.They have mention dual sim and expandable memory(means external memory card) but out of these three only two can be in at a time.Not sure about product....Its true about fake Sell waiting online from 1:45 and its starts as in waitlist.....its sooooooo cheappackaging is not at all good. buy from mi website instead of here.I thought phone might have dents while opening the package.I attached few pics from here of the condition of package and the protection they have given.The quality of packing is long gone.coming to the product:Product is awesome,smooth.crisp display.Satisfied with the it within the price range.About phone:Good Phone in this price range.Built quality is simply awesome. Looks are best in class.Phone is fast in day to day usage. Camera is average but acceptable. Fully satisfied with the product.Amazon's service: PatheticPhone was to be delivered on saturday, postponed to monday, on monday they post a wrong msg on tracker that assignee not available whereas the delivery guy never turned up at my premises, finally delivered on tuesday with the delivery guy least concerned about his work and showing a very lacklustre attitude. I'll think twice before buying anything from amazon hereafter. The customer care support of amazon is though commendable as they quickly escalated the matter once i called them on monday.The whole time you tease us with all those features and now permanently remove the 32 gb variant! This is maddening. Xiaomi, keep this up and you'll fail in the cut throat competition from other manufacturers.3g Network problem.Dont get proper signal. Samsung phone experience is very good for signal captured.M get 2g network inside my home. Looks is good. Battery backup is awesome.its some heated problem bother me.Heat issue..Product is good, if it is having seperate  slot for memory card, removable battery option, sim insert slot is  still best phonei received faulty unit, with no volumes coming from speaker, so i had to return and im awaiting for the refund since last monthGuys, this seller sends item without quality check.I have faced for this product.now the replaced product is OK. It's fingerprint lock I liked the most.camera quality should be good.clicks and processing is the best for me,better than my other phone k3note.it gets heated while charging.and bettery is good.in 2gb version ram is usable less than 950mb.for normal user its the best.I loved the replacement policy.satisfied with the product the only concern is with memory card...why we cannot send directly something to memory card ???Not at all value for money. Shrewd and misleading marketing by Amazon. SIM slot and Memory card Slots are same. You can't use both at the same time. Camera Quality is not good as expected from 16 MP. Sound Quality is Poor. Once bought You can't replace it with 32 GB variant. Amazon is hiding the true specifications and cheating the customers. Flipkart is far bettter if you are buying a phone.Its got all the good things but there is a problem with heat.Its heated too  much when you play game or charge it.using this pn fr the last 3 days.. face no problm in terms of battery back up. Nice camera. Looks good. all in 1 package fr meDetailed reviews already have been posted , but some impressive points about this phone:1. High definition display, text is so vivid that you get experience as if you are reading on kindle device with E-ink technology, also excellent visibility in sunlight.2. Performance speed is at par, no lags faced even with heavy multitasking. Device is much responsive.3. Infrared remote is way beyond expectations, it gives feel of native remote with ultra-fast response and also syncs with device (such as AC, TV) and displays LCD information on smartphone's screen.4. MIUI interface is icing on the cake. Many options in settings menu to customize interface.and much more.Sim sharing....its uncomfortable...As compared to mi4i its feel heavy...light weight...camera poor..its not 16 mp..Fast and easy to use...battery OK...Its amazon trick its in flash sale...average phone...Phone is good. With metal body and slim looking features. It's processor is fast. But I have issue with the phone ear peiece. Sound is not audible of the 2nd person in noisy areas which is a big disappointment.Good phone. Excellent battery backup. Faster processing. Camera is too good, but You cant say you are using which megapixel that is too shocking. No earpieces. Some more features like face detection,call recive when you move your phone to your ear and some features which ll be handy for a user.Like other phones you cant move your apps on internal storahe to sd card  Overall its a goodoneBest product from RedmiBest cameraBest fingerprint recognisation perfect buy under 10k..getting heat while charging and also sound quality of recording voice is very poor.suggesting dont buy this phone.All My Dear please don't purchase this phone because it's performance is too bad. Performance mentioned below.1. Hanging problem.2. Network issue in Both Sim card slot.3. Heating Problem.fake and artificial flash sale of redmi note 3 (32GB) variant.Not satisfied.... My sim is not working nano sim is working in it but micro sim is not working plzzz sort it out fastlyits gud but only 19 days he has workThere are lot of review on redmi note3. This phone is really good with lot many features. Performance wise also it is best in price range. Only draw back is camera. Indoors with less light (darker place) the photos aren't that great but in light those are good enough. Front camera is good for selfi again you may need light as there is no front flash but in this price range it is the bestthe camera quality is very poor even it does not stands with my lg l90s 8mp camera even in day light the pics are blurred. and low light performance is worst like 2mp camera. otherwise the multitasking is good on this phone. browser pages load faster even in 2g on network issues. fingerprint is superfast it detects finger 100% no issue with that. and around 950 mb ram is free out of 2gb.dont look at others  phones at all... bcoz xiaomi is the best phonemaker in the world ...either its mi3 or redmi 1s or mi4 or mi 4i or redmi note 3 or mi 5 all the phones manufactured by it is awesome..its based on iphones os but it workes very smoothly with its snapdragon processors ..it heats sometimes but not so much that u cant even hold it in ur hand...therefore buy xiaomi phones ..HEating problemIt's hanging while playing the games.camera clarity is not up to the mark.otherwise its a good mobileAll functions good. Only camera is wrost.......otherwise style function all good. And value for moneyVery capable phone. One of the better phones I used.only minor irritation is that some apps (not built-in) closes when not in foreground. This ensures battery last looonger.But some apps like media players etc... will not play when phone is locked.Also mic sometime stops working for no reason. A OTA should fix this.So far phone is excellent with no lags.Mind you im a meduim user.I dont play much games. Battery backup is excellent.Got latest updates and im really looking forward to Marshmallow updates.You may face heating issue while charging. But its normal.If u are using casing or flipcover you wont be able to sense it.This one redmi note 3 is more better than all Brand's smartphone under 10000 Rupee's .In any way this battery is much good and looks of phone also.it is very good product i liked it very muchawesomeness is overloaded but after the latest update it is making problem very much it is not catching fingerprint battery performance gets very low then i took my phone to mi centre and they said you have to take bacup of phone then format it then took to other mi centre and they will doAmazon  makes shopping very  easier  packing and delivery was excellent.Product is very good but it has heating problem  while charging.  And also not shown  video application separately on display  screen you have to download MXplayer for details.Xiomi Please  improve  gallery  & video apps.Otherwise phone is excellent.See friends I was also one of you trying to bye this phone ,I was very excited BT looking the foolness happened in the first two flash sales I left the thought of buying the phone .then I moved on the letv le 1s on the flipkart and really its a very good phone.I am very much satisfied using let v.so I will suggest you all letv le1s instead of redmiIt's recommendable and worth 10k. Guys go for it without hesitation.No earphones which is disappointing as i love listening music even camera quality is not as expectedAfter long time -i got good device in affordable price !!great mi product &good services by Amazon!!Got a faulty piece. There is a line on the screen.  Power button not working.  Getting it replaced.Found the battery capacity to be the best feature of this phone, or else feel duped as find that cannot have both second sim and external memory card as advertised. Sending contact card is not user friendly, Guess need to wait for few months of usage to knopw its true colors as am not into gaming or heavy downloads or viewing videos.Phone is awesome .It does not have any heating issue and working very smoothly with snadragon 650 .it's very good processor.I used this mobile for full day with wifi but there is no heating issueCONSphone gets overheating while chargingHybrid sim slotExcept heating up while charging the mobile is awesomeamazing smart phone in  bugetThe best phone at best price.Awesome phone fully satisfiedawsome phone.....i loved it..I'm writing this review after using the  device for 1 month.  Everything is good build quality,  camera,  sound,  finger print scanner but the only drawback is the device is getting heated while charging or if I use it continuesly  for long time like 2 hours it getting heated.  Except heating issue everything is fine and good.Decent phone in decent priceMi better than othere phonesregretting like anything after buying this phone, after using this phone for only 14 days, lots of line started coming on screen, and when i went to service center to get it repaired since phone is under warranty, they said its an internal damage. God only knows what the hell is internal damage!! and they forced me to pay for the whole display. Biggest mistake I made by buying this phone. Its all fraud and cheaters.pls pls pls, dont by xiaomi phones. You ll only regret.Dont buy xiaomi products.. When mi3 was released, in our office alone we had purchased more then 50. Same for MI 4I also. But, my mother board went twice in a span of six months.. the worst part is, there is no parts available in India .. they have to order it from china . it is more then one month but  till now they did not receive the parts.. This will be applicable for all mobiles. Buy standard brand.. I agree that this spec is good.. but once you have problem it is done..Flash light is very bad. Yallow flash light its very badNot at all good  heats like he'll......  And don't trust MI service they treat customers  like pigs they never respond I took gold color the charger had noise I asked them to replace they said to go to service center and take job sheet I mean not even 24 hours and these response to to I had taken MI protect....... I have never seen such worst service  response so don't  Even think of buying it.....  Best suggestion I give. And the phone is not at all good camera is not worthAwesome product by MI. I am loving the phone and its features. Finger print sensor is responding in a time period claimed by Mi. Phone looks brilliant, I will give 10 out of 10 for design. I just want say that if you are looking for 10000-15000 budget phone then go for redmi note 3.Thank you MI for such a lovely phone.The mobile is value for money.LIked:  The processor and speed of mobile.  Look of the mobile  Battery life (but i dont game, use internet at intervals)Disliked:  no memory card support with dual sim (hybrid sim/card slot)  5.5 is little too big  camera is good but not very goodanyone looking for a 16 bg gold variant? i have one in my cart which i dont need. so if anybody wants it i can order it for you on COD mode.fall in love with xiaomi.. Once again a very nice product of xiaomi.. best service of amazon...It is unfortunate that you are only replacing the item rsther than refund in spite of sending a feedback about performance issues like heating up, bad sound quality and volume and bad picture quality in spite of high resolution cameras.I feel that my REDMI 1S guves a better performance than REDMI NOTE 3EswarCamera is just average. Dont expect big. But battery is amazing.no corning gorilla glass protection.Otherwise good.Amazon ruined their name and xiaomi ruined theirs with this sales strategy.... Flash sales should be there only if stock is available. Fooling people like this is not expected from a reputed company like Amazon. U just earned lot of frustrated customers through this flash sale funda.... I bought 2 le1s one for me and one for my sis. Happy with it. Amazing phone. Doesn't look like a gold bar note 3. Le 1s looks posh , thin and is reliable... Just did a test call to customer service... They helped out a lot... Very polite guys and even gave me some tips and tricks... Gave the address and contact number of the 2 nearest service centre. Just in case. Simply amazing...Always it's sounds like very interesting to hear the paper specifications but in hand it's different and you know that xiaomi devices are always awesome devices so it's paper specifications and in hands it's samesI most like it's battery backup it's awesome it's give me 2 days battery backup for normal usesAwesome!!!! perfect in each parameters... Front camera is too good for selfie...back camera is excellent...hexacore processor is too good for multi tasking...sound also excellent via eraphones as well as phone speaker...in short for a budget of Rs.10000 it definitely replace SAMSUNG...TOO GOOD....TOO GOOD...TOO GOOD...Worst manufacturer. If they dont have the stock then why the hell start the sale. Whats the point in taking million registrations for 1000 items.I hate Xiomi and will buy another phone nowReally fantastic set, value for money....Mi always gives perfectness in their products.Overall a good phone  this price, but it having network issues and camera not up to the mark.I bought the phone 2 days back through mi fan sale.the phone got delivered wuthin 24 hrs.superb camera (under this price range no other phone will beat this camera)the phone voice is very sweet,otg support is an added advantage,finger print sensor is fabulous, look is just awesome,blindly go for it if it budget is 10kXiaomi Redmi Note 3 - GoldenBest phone in market for 10,000 , value for money, good finish, light weight , good sound quality. The feel of MIUI 7 is awesome. Good speed.. No hanging... Camera is good especially the front camera. Back is 16 MP  but compared to the back front camera is very good. Overall I give excellent rating. Am disappointed only on one thing no headphone is there with the phone.Fingerprint scanner is awesome...:-)very nice look..and battery..good..but..camera not like 16mp..but every thing goodit is good but some time its get problem about unlocking via fingerprint sensor...Awesome phone good in all aspects only the back camera is a matter of concern ....Its a very good budget phone.. I loved it very mach I recommend it for everyone...Everything is really good except a couple of things,1) The charger is not a good one- the phone cannot be charged easily.2) The vibration of the phone does not work at all after a month from purchasing the phone.Apart from these things, the phone is really great.Mobile over heats like anything. Can't use the phone along with charging.  Also while playing games it will be heater than an iron box. Also there is network connectivity issue because of which the voice calls breaks in between which doesn't happen with the same sim on any other mobile.I got it on 10th april.it is very nice product, the beast no doubt.great battery performance last upto 30hrs with moderate usase,but heavy continue usage it lasts upto7-8 hrs which is really good. Overall build quality,performance is really good. If u r willing to buy a smartphone under 10k or 12k this is the best phone till today.I hv given 1star  Less because camera performance in low light is not up to the mark..motion stablisation is not that good ..while it is good in daylight capturing..even it can record 4k video guys.. It sometimes got heated while charging which also cause bad feeling to hands ..but this happens with other smartphone too like letv which my friend have..Finally I came to conclusion that if u r willing to spend 10-12k this is best smartphone till date..go blindly for it..if u found this review helpful please mention it below..hv a awesome day$GuysHave u checked Huawei Honor Holly 2 Plus (CDMA+ GSM with LTE)16 GB, 2 GB RAM, seperate SD CARD Slot for upto 128GB, 4000mAH battery backup, reverse charging feature...Value for money ..have the 32 GB version , 3 days old ..early days but a good phone  . Makes me wonder is it time for for sub 15k phones to lead the pack. Change every 12-15 months instead of buying a 25k  phone and worry about support , screen breakages , os version ,  scratches etc..I am using this phone since last 3 weeks. It working good and have a good battery backup. But Now a days I am facing some problems like voice during call automatically goes down. It is not even charging while the phone is on. I have to switch off the phone to charge it. Thinking of returning it if not corrected my mi service center as still I have few days left to return itI got phone  delivery within the time. And phone  is nice. Functions up to mark. Heating up while charging.One Con : Battery heats up if play games for long or charge battery for long timeNice rich look with high specification,best phone you can get at this price rangephn is awsm ith this price but there is ovwr heating problem with this cell phoneGreat device in this budget, its snappy and no negative points for this device :DWhen it comes to product delivery, Amazon Rocks!!!! 5 Stars!!! Phone looks great. Performance is good. one big and greatest issue!!!! heats up a Lot. If you are using this phone without flip cover, earphone area heats up after 25 mins and it is very difficult to speak over the phone.Superb phone. Nyc display, camera clearity good, speaker is good nd bst is the fingerprint lock. Overall good phone with good quality at less price. only one bad thing not providing a earphone. Overall advice looking fo a cheap cell with all features definitely should go fo this one.Is mi want to sell there note 3.....all tym item will out of stock after2-3 seconds....The phone is just excellent.... But 16gb is very less And also the phone has hybrid dual sim to put sd card hence 16gb is very very less if you put have sim to insert. I have been trying to buy 32gb model but unsuccessful attempts made my by me. Otherwise the other specs beautiful.Dual sim & sd card will not work at same time. Only one sim & sd card will work.Everything is OK bt... Display very greeny.... Otherwise performance is okkkkk..Heating problemCamera not up to markOther thing upto value for moneyIts a really nice phone. Hardware is good and performance is excellent.  AwesomeGood product. But little disappointed that it did not have hands free in the boxWhen I received it first time from Amazon, some sensors were not working in the Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 especially Proximity Sensor. Then I called Amazon support and asked for a replacement. I got a replacement for the defected piece and it is working fine now. Phone is worth for 10K.Until now it's 5 days, I have used this mobile.Please guys, neglect the heating issue with both Micromax and xiomi mobile.If you are using 3g downloading + doing multiple task in excess, almost every phone heat like a hell. Until now phone is excellent budget phone. Battery back up is strong really. Rest of comment will be given after long term use.I have registre this phone today....next process whats ...how to buy this phoneawesome phone.....Excellent battery life . Love this phonemI rockzzRedmi note3 is really good phone.this a VFM device... Amazon delivery also goodBought it after Mi3 and Mi4i. A bit disappointed due to hanging time and again.The product is good but you can't use two simd and memory card at at time.  Solve the same....Its a dual sim card phone.but i cannot use both the sim card and memory card at the same time.Bought  it a month ago on amazon.  Was Available  for the same price on the Company  website  with some freebies  not available  on  Amazon.Good looks. Fingerprint  scanner works fine.But UI not so user friendly.  Camera  quality  a major  disappointment.From last 4 week i m trying for red mi note 3 32 gb but i m not getting it.phone is good but some time don't receive calls while in stand by position.its good phone but it is getting heat while charging, other than its bettergud phone  over all.  four star  beacuse of it heats during charging ......Hi,I registered this phone for first sale,on 9 the march,unfortunately I didn't able to purchase but got it from mi store..some reviews says that it's equipped with average camera, it's not so,just go to camera setting ,set 16:9,highest quality,maximum saturation ,picture then coming are mind blowing,a single picture may have load of 8.6 mb,thus quality u can imagine,so if u need best camera go for redmi note 3battery back up superFull paisa vasool ...Its been around 2 weeks im using this phone and completly no issues except fr little bit heating while charging.. Apart from that it is amazing especially at this price, xiaomi has done exceptionally well.. Good battery, perfect camera,quick charging ,excellent UI .So far satisfying... However camera sucks at low light condition but it is a 10k phone so its all ryt...Waited for 3gigs varient for so long didn't get it due to So called Fake sales, but 2+16 varient is not that bad... Overall for 10k you get what u deserve.Phone is good but while charging phone also heating  . it is bit drawback.Excellent featured phone !!! M lovin it ...:DOn 26th days of use, handset started showing problems, i submitted it in service centre, answer is - motherboard need to be changed.... one more handset deposited by another man there with same problems....  very poor facility ......  fully unsatisfied with the purchase. I highly recommend not to purchase Xiaomi mobile......Value  for moneyGood camera , very good battery ,and fast charging is also there so it is a best smartphoneUSING SINCE LAST ONE MONTH.FAST DELIVERY BY AMAZON.COMCONS:PERFORMANCE IS VERY GOOD.SOLID PROCESSOR.NO HANGING ISSUE WHILE HIGH END GAMES AND APPS.FAST CHARGING.GOOD FRONT AND REAR CAMERA.PROS:HEAT UP WHILE CHARGINGgo with "letv 1s"... Xiaomi artificially creating boom !!! insulting Indian customers valuefake flash sale. waste of timeI am using redmi note 1 fromthe last 16 month, because of that i have gone for Redmi note3 , what a bad phone, hardware is bad, quality is cheep and problem with software also, low slandered Phone, not happy to use it, ZERO star, you have broken the  trust !!!!!Love you xiaomi redmi note 3.....awesome camera phone & over all very good phone...5 star.Good phone. But The only issue is it heats up too much while charging.Nice.......phone under 10 k bucks... The only problem is of camera....Guys, I am a new customer to Amazon. Purchased two redmi note 3 silver & gold. Initially was scared to buy the set after seeing lots of thumbs down reviews. However made up my mind to buy it. It turned out to be an awesome deal. The mobiles are just awesome. Please go for it. I m giving all 5 stars.Good phone however Xiomi and Amazon forcing people to go with 2/16 GB version, that's not fair let people decide what they want to purchase.No warranty card in boxThis phone is a great value product. It has rich look as well as great performance. Obviously you can't compare it with other high-end phone available in the market. But, in my opinion, it does what is expected from this device. I am happy with this.Awesome Product by amazon!!!!!!!Everything working properlyFast chargingBattery works for almost 2 daysCamera quality- awesomeSlow motion and Time lapse option in camera is awesome!!!!Video quality little bad!!!!!!Redmi Note 3 is the only phone which takes care of all the needs in the Budget phone segmentBest battery, Dual Sim, 4G,Sleek design. what else will you ask for at this price of 9999prompt delivery by the seller cloudtail keepitup !!A tad bit disappointed regarding Rear Camera. Performance not good in Indoor. Outdoor pic quality is so so (at par with Redmi 2 camera) . Other than that, excels in every area . Bright display , superb sound in earphone , not too hot while gaming etcI am facing problems in this mobile automatic network searching.  Automatic on offThis phone is up to mark...Battery backup is also appreciable.It's wonderful mobile.... Great features, camera, for the camera....Great phone at a very affordable price. Don't miss this opportunity.i like this phone and use on 1 april this phone is awesome and very good features and no hanging problem camera quality is very good rear as well as front so gueys please avoid who write wrong information a long time i was waitng this type phone for my wife i thankfull for redmi note 3Redmi note 3 has a hybrid sim slot which means you can use 2nd sim slot for either 2nd sim or memory card. 32gb internal memory without expendable memory may be a biggest issue in feature. I use 2 sims. What redmi note 3 provides you is if your 32 gb memory is full and you want to expand memory using micro sd card, you have to remove 2nd sim? Why? Why companis take such stupid decisions? You have full space to provide a separate micro sd slot then why you force the users to compromise with the resources? Seriously its pathetic. I'm not gonna buy this phone just because of it. You should take a lesson from this.Redmi note3 is Awesome comparatively with other mobiles which is priced btw 10-15kIt has fulfilled all the features which was promised @ the time of launch but the only thing is the fingerprint sensor doesn't work in order to capture photoI had given 4 star only for the phone but when it comes to the site my go is just 1.Awesome like others product of Xiaomi MI with great features and technology in lower price..The only issue i have faced is the heating up of charger and phone during charging. Else, everthing stands in place starting from battery backup, camera, speakers, display and the list continues. Thanks xiaomi for such a near perfect product :)Hello Sir Maine apna mobile 20 may 2016 ko return kiya hai,aaj 3din ho gaye hai mera mobile abhi tak nahi aaya hai,mane 16 GB ke badle 32 GB ka phone mangwaya hai please sir meri baat par gaur Kate.nahi to mujhe mere 10000 R's dene ka kast kareThe reasons for 1 star less are:- Battery backup is not as expected. It lasts for maximum 1 day with mobile data on.- It has a little heating problem after continuous use.But overall I would recommend this phone to anyone looking for great mobile experience at cheap price.So go ahead and grab it !!So, I registered for the sale of this phone and booked it on the flash sale of 20th.The phone shipped on the 21st and I was quite delighted. It reached the city where it was to be delivered on the 23rd. The Estimated Delivery Date was 25th and it did not reach on 25th.I called up the customer service agents and they assured delivery on 26th. Nothing on 26th, called up again, same lame response. Nothing on 27th, same response and the story goes on till 30th when I cancelled the phone and now waiting for the refund.By this time, I purchased a BlackBerry Q5 from a shop.Worst Experience from amazon, even their supervisors didn't sort out my issues.Never ever buy this phone.Buy only trusted brands which can always be ready to solve your problems anywhere anytime.But if your money grows on treetops, then surely go for this phone. The phone may last a month or a year and start giving troubles after that.You have to call for hours a day to the most boring and depressed souls of the customer service representatives and visit multiple shops who will do nothing but just try and update the phone to the latest ROM.So you will lose a load of money and precious time doing all this sort of stuff and still be afraid that the phone may malfunction any time.But not so with Samsung, Microsoft or Motorola. These companies are huge in their resources and have a lot of money to take care of their customers. Xiaomi is just a baby in their first steps and is a pinprick in front of these giants.So just go for trusted brands and give these chinese models a thumbs down..I bought this phone for my father and it just looks in word AWESOME!!!Pros :-> Slim profile.>Metal unibody construction.>Finger-print sensor works fine is super quick. Don't have to wake the screen first to unlock. Tap your registered finger and its alive.>Crisp FHD 5.5 inches screen. It looks lively.>Main Camera is pretty good as it takes some nice pictures. professional fucntions are built right into the app for that pro-quality pics.>front camera is average. Normal pics under adequate lighting conditions.>Super-light phone despite having metal construction.>Dual SIM function or One Sim and One memory card. Your choice.>Good music quality but have to use high end earphones to get to that quality.>Battery is the best part, like my dad is so happy that he charges the phones once in 3-4 days and yes he is uses internet data on 3G heavily.>Gold color makes it look more Premium-ish, if you are into it.Cons, what i felt are :->Android Skin used by Xiaomi is very heavy on the system. It uses much RAM to keep things smooth. You will get only 1GB or so RAM free at all time despite having 3GB RAM.>RAM management is terrible. Like these ppl are learning as it was with samsung some years back with Touchwiz.>Dual color LED flash is great but it might over saturate colors of the subject when using flash.>No headphones in the box man. C'mon man you should provide one.All in all it is best buy as in this price range nothing beats this by far. Competition should take a note of this.Hope it helps.Hello all,I am using Redmi Note 3, 32GB Variant; Gold Colour.Really this gold colour  looks sexy.  I thought to purchase white colour  but it is not available  in flash sale,  compare to white colour, gold colour  looks stylish really awesome.  Mobile is too much slippery from hands, becare full. Some people  may think it looks too flashy it's wrong. With regard to gold colour I  satisfied 100%.  Initially  I am hesitate to purchase Redmi products due to heating issue but there is no problem  so far.  During initial  charging you may feel some heating issue,  after that it will  get  stabilise.  I purchased mobile from MI website during flash sale on 6 April 2016. Touch sensor are awesome.  I have  an experience on Lenovo K3,  Lenovo K4, Moto E and Moto G.  I felt Lenovo  UI is very good before,  but  MIUI is doing  very good Job.  I LIKE IT.  ONLY problem  with the redmi note 3 is sim port.  U can use either one sim and one sd card or one micro sim and one nano sim,  which is a hybrid slot.  I think redmi has came with new technology and features. Coming to finger axis,  it's really awesome job from  redmi,  very accurate. No lagging related to finger scanner. U can add multiple  finger points.  U can customise battery  options.  U can customise different  keypads.  U can switch  too different  themes which looks different every time. Pocket  sensor also available where u can avoid unnecessary contacts when  u keep ur mobile inside the pocket  I don't know why rating is going down of this  mobile.  Coming to camera it's very fast get focusing the objects and clarity is also good.  I watched some videos in you tube it's an amazing.  It's worth of spending time and money on this mobile.  So many things are there to share but I cannot do here.Phone working condition is good and excellent. Redmi has to improve some what camera quality. Bit phone is slippery we have to handle carefully. Within a week i sliped my phone to the floor.  Design Looks excellent. UI is extra ordinary i liked it.Poor device, No signal and  some times unable to receive phone calls Resolution not good Brought it one month back but unable to exchange as it over one month return period not good to buy.......Not worth for 10k look wise gudI opened the packed yesterday,its looks very nice but manuals and earphone is not in the box and camera is quite ok. Getting heated while charging. Its really shocked to see that the hand set can't be operate dual sim if want to use memory card.First Look Awesome.The phone is an all metal premium finished body. At the provided cost The best.Immediately after connecting to WiFi asked for 1050MB update. Took about 1 hour at 2MBps. Even after downloading for 1hour no heating issue found. watched about 30mn of youttube videos, no heating issues as complained by some of the users. May be they were excessive Gamers. Under normal usage no heating found.MiUi is amazing. Incredibly fast user experience.Did not get to test the camera yet. Will update on it.As reviewed by one other user there was "Made in India". Not sure the meaning of it. Happy to receive an Indian make.It was a anniversary to my spouse. She started dancing. She is treating it like her baby. You now know how happy she is.Thank you XiaomiEditBattery backup is awesome.Condition 1: No sim. WiFi on for entire duration and connected to Router. 4 hours of browsing on WiFi  52hours passed Battery is still at 60%Good phone at this priceMI always bring new in marketCamera result is averageScreen resolution is goodvery thin phonegood battery backupGOLD color is add one more start in phoneIts a good one but not great.. Some heating issues are there. Its been 2 months.. not faced any serious issues except heating while browsing. I won't play games, so not sure how it performs. The battery backup is really good.Its a good value for money..nice looking body n good display.battery runs long and no lags in processing as such.Cons:Camera quality is not worth 16 MP as advertised. Though its enough to live with it.its was very good product to buy lowest price good quality.Front camera is good. No hanging problem. Graphics is good.Sony Ericsson 2mp camera is better than this 1, heats a lotThis Mobile Is heated tooooooooooo much whenever i usae it.hatsoffff!!!!!!great experience with excelent qualityNice phone good speed but it gets hot during while chargingAmazing phone at best price. Even best service from amazon.Great specs , Awesome mobile at low price ,worth to buy ...Battery is very good but camera quality is not up to d marksuper. good look,3 day battery,clear camera ,look like babySuch a Special phone... To define the phone in one word is "Just an Awesome"... it is long lasting,Charging faster then others, speed is like a bullet, look is like handsome hunk then what u want more than this..!!Awesome phone for the price you pay. The battery life is just incredibleA Great Phone to have at this Budget...No heating Heavy Battery Can last more than 2 days for normal users for games it can last one day...But the Charger quality is not so good but charges up in 3 hrs....Go for itAwesome phone specificationsNeed update for camera ...Poor quality of camera is major drawback of phoneAnd one more you are not providing headphones ???Bhai 200 rs extra le Lena thaGrt set. I used both. 3 GB ram set is superb. Low budget high value deal. I didn't find any technical issue in the set. Look is also very very good. In my side this is the best phone in this rate I ever used. ThnxRedmi smart phone very good normal futures. But I am expected more futures and display for 4.5 and 5inch min excellent. I'm already using for mi4i is one of the best cel in world. I requested for display 4.5 best.Amazing Phone.. Battery Last for one and half day with full Internet usage. Super liked MIUI interface. At times i found signal loss but it could be due to Network Provider. Camera is not bad.. good for daily use.Camera quality  is very very poor not even it can compete with k4 note,  selfie could not be taking through fingerprint button as they have said,  sound quality can be much better, in case of looks it's damn cool. LOW Light in display,  should be more brighterProbably the best phone in this price.The only problems are bad low light camera, below average selfie camera & no gorilla glass protection. But still, you are giving only 10k/12k so don't expect too much...I am using this phone since 15 days and i am happy with this product.camera is ok.But their is a heating issue while charging. otherwise everything is good.Amazon's delivery was also good. afterall a good package.heating problemHeats up while charging & Sim card is quite complicated.tried for 32gb.. but got 16 gb.. still very nice productIts better one withinRs/9999.its performance is so good.is just like iphonesleek n stylishawesome...good one, but need to remove MI app, it comes with virusHow is sound in headphone and speaker can anyone suggestIt's a another great product from mi, of course it looks great battery is great, beautiful design but camera segment is very disappointed,  xiomi should consider camera for a mid range handset is crucial part.An unsuccessful attempt at the flash sale doesn't make Redmi Note 3 a bad phone, as a matter of fact it is offering the best features within this price range. The screen is huge, doesn't weigh much and comes with a good camera and other features. Only problem is it doesn't support dual SIM and a memory card simultaneously, or that's what I figured and has minor heating issues while charging.I'm a first time Xiaomi buyer and it's probably too early to comment but I'm satisfied with the model. And, a request to reviewers, when you are rating the product one or two stars, based on whether or not you could acquire one during the flash sale, you're hampering the reputation of the company and it's potential to deliver better so kindly abstain from that and show a bit of patience. Peace.Never buy,  Bad Camera, 2nd sim slot &  memory card issuePhone is superb but amazon product packing is very poorFake Sale..Buy Lenevo K4 note, its much better option..Beautiful phone with great performance..bought yesterday from amazon...very happy on my choice..outstanding battery backup..fingerpint scanner unlocks the screen in an instant...one word fr the phone #bEasTIt is vary nice product ,nice camera quality,nice graphic ,nice performance,with hang .but little heating problem but overall this is vary nice mobileThis is not a good phone pl dont purchase anybody this phone because hanging problem and internet networking problem and battery heating problem is also coming. I am not happy of this phone (+91-9958257159)When got it first time first day it is awsome but after restart next day it has some software prpblem... So I have to replace it..but after replacing it is going good...best in price specs is just amazing..Things you need to know before purchase-1. Only 900 MB free RAM out of 2 GB2. 9.3 GB available memory out of 16 GB3. Hybrid sim slot can have 1 micro sim + 1 nano sim or micro SD card4. No Gorilla Glass protection but it has a scratch proof layer5. Headset and screen protector not included in the box6. No fast charging but box content a 5v 2A charger7. Fingerprint scanner works accurately and faster than you imagine.8. Gives an average of 1.5 days battery life for moderate usage9. IR blaster helps to use phone as remote control for infrared devices , even most high end phones lags this feature10. No heating problems so far though while the first boot you feel some heat.11. No NFC and USB type C12. The Gold 16 GB variant is Made in China but Dark Grey is labeled as Made in India with big red sticker on the boxExcellent product for such a low priceCamera's goodBut slight heating problem while chargingAll the other features are niceBattery backup is awesome,stays 1.5 days after heavy usageloved it ,,awsome phone..cool camera,,.,i m using it since one month,,its great..having good features,one should definately go for this phone,,i would like to thank amazon for selling such a great product,good as expected,But there are few problems like,Finger print sensor doe not work while in charging mode,and sometimes it does'nt work at all.and is a bit slow.other than this this is a great phone to use.Mobile seller says that it has 16mp camera, but in actually scenario it doesn't feels like 16mp. Comprise done in glass, hybrid slot not good.  Overall battery,processor,os&additional features are goodWorth for mony.Why the hell did you remove 32 gb model..and even the last sale was fake..i expected much more..amazon u really disappointed me..i thought you were better than others.. But yet again the same..highly disappointedToo much bloatware, leaving less than 860mb RAM on average. Cameras are not to mark, worse for indoor, low res and grainy outside too with all settings. Sometimes fingerprint sensor just cannot unlock and have to use code to unlock. I thought it could be due to multiple attempts with wrong finger or accidental touches, no it is not. Sound levels during calls too low even at highest volume setting. Screen is a bit reflective and not scratch resist. Even after disabling mi messaging app and mi cloud, I keep getting reminders...I want it to simply shut up or remove them.Else the phone is good looking, great batterlife (u need to optimize settings and minimize apps and disallow mobile data to most bloatware and reduce sync frequency to get the benefit).Very good phone nice working with no problem people are saying don't buy it has many issues but I am not facing any of them if u are facing go for update and have fun till u don't get a defective product.User interface like call log, message box are not so user friendly or attractive,  options fuction for message and call logs are not available, sometimes automatically re-starting the mobile while talkingBest phone in rs. 10,000. Amazon keep it up. The phone contain satisfied specification. But a little bit problem of heating while charging of your phone but it cooled quickly when you remove your charger.Almost everything is good but I found some lagging on the suffering the website. May be coz of server problems but its happens 4-5 times with me. Due to which my product was orderd thrice. So  Resolve itNice Phone..but sim or memory card option very bad....Everything is fineAm satisfied with all featuresPhone is Good and Excellent in using and battery also.it is good. Only thing it is heating up when charging.It's unbelievable phone but RAM management is not goodNothing to say about phone,because it just a MarvelousBeen using this mobile for over a month now..All I can say is this phone has exceeded my expectations in most of the departments..In this price range, undoubtedly the best phone available!!WTF..Firstly, one had to wait till June 01 for the open sale & now they have not put up the 3GB RAM/32 GB model for sale. Crappy Sales from them..guess it's only to ensure that they don't kill of Mi4..Good. Worthy phone in this segment. But not happy with the sensor provided on the back. It is get vibrating when our body touches to it. ( normally when we put mobile in shirt pocket. Rest of all good.I wanted the 32 GB one but on the day of sales, this was removed from Amazon website and was forced to buy the 16 GB phone. Is there a way to replace with the 32 GB and I can pay the difference amount.Although had some hardware issues with the phone previously. It was replaced by Amazon. But it took almost a weeks time for me to get a replaced phone.Using the device for almost a week now. Battery life is like everlasting lasting for almost 2 days with games and 4G internet for 2-3 hours per day. Finger unlock works flawlessly 10 out of 10 times. MIUI is very customizable and also includes much essential apps for backup, virus scanner, clean master, etc. But the flavor of raw Android is missing. Internal memory is an issue, 16gb fills up quite fast with few apps and games and 32gb version is out of stock, The phone also does not feature the latest version of Android 6 and also don't know when will it be made available by Xiaomi.Great deal!!!!Front camera is very poor..selfie images are blurredA very reliable product from xiaomi. Cheap and best.Cant wait now, 3gb a dream now buzz of chinese huggoPhone is good but camera &finger scanner is not goodLittle bit of problem when call is ended white screen is displaying for a while then return to home page. While charging some times fingure touch will not work properly and weather is not accurateMobile design is very good. Features are good,  but camera quality is below expectation.  Further,  finger scanning does not lock apps as heard from Xiomi.  But,  at this price it is a gud mobile.Call quality is poor or my mic has problem .speaker is like a China low quality and in India version there is sticker of self declaration which was unable to remove it is more sticky in this modelAMAZING SCREEN QUALITY,LOVED THE MIUI,FINGERPRINT SENSOR SO QUICK,NICE CAMERA.OVERALL VALUE FOR MONEY DEALone star deducted due to an issue with the package delivery.Phone was about to deliver 5 days after I placed the order but it was delivered within 3 days. Phone is quite sexy in looks and fully loaded with features. Note3 has best specs on its range.Brilliant specs. No Heating. Awesome Battery Life.Great display and privacy features. Worth every penny. Would have loved the 3+32 GB version had it been on sale before the frustration took over.Very good prouduct . I want to bought another one.Product is nice but Worst delivery service.thanks for on time delivery.phone was very good. But small heating problem while playing game and also charging the device. if we neglet this heating problem  it is good phoneAm loving it ....smooth ...easy to use ...and fast ...living up to all its expectations ....worth every single penny spent on it ....only drawback ..its pics are not that good in low light .Phone is good in terms of design and performance wise. But camera quality is not upto the mark it does not  fall beyond my expectations. Cut of 2 star just because of average camera quality.It's heating a little more while charging. 3 star for wrong specification provided. It's specified that it has dual 4G SIM slot but only slot one is 4G compatible and it is not hot swapable.Amazing phone,only camera department is weak but not that weak.this problem can be salved by an update i hope.Camera struggle in low light when we capture  an image and zoom that particular picture and during video recording too.we can seen lots of noise.But camera performed awesome in day light.Phone supports 4k videos too.You can record 4k via 3rd party camera app.I installed yu yureka plus's camera software in mi note 3 and now i can record 4k and 120p slow motion.Front camera is okay for selfies.Battery back up is awesome.Fingers print scanner works accurate 7 times out of 10.Rest is good better & beast in 10000 segment.Features are good but you might have heating issues while using for a long time. Camera is good but can be improved a bit. Over all good phone for 10000.Not happy with Amazon return policyNot Happy with over all performance ofMi Note 3 16Gb MobileHang'S alotHeating issueFinger print not works all timeAwesome phoneRedmi note 3 gives a premium and good in looks. And the camera gives average performance;not bad. I face a problem with this phone is that, while charging it is too much heatingbest budget smart phone with good specifications compare to others (witnin 10000)..user friendly as well as good design and security systems is also good...I love this product....Selling process for this phone is very horrible ....i remain stucked in the app for an hour but in the end there is no fruits for labour ...... such a cheap .....good productVery HeatingOver heatingBEST PRODUCTLuke is goodAfter 2 weeks of use and reading reviews on how good the phone is, It makes me think am the only one having issues with this phone.It has a major heating issue. I have trouble keeping it in my pocket when i go out. Just imagine going out in summer when it's 42 degrees outside with a phone in your pocket that is at 45 degree C or more . Maybe it would be a good source of heat in winters.The battery is average for a 4050mA. Charges very slowly and lasts for a day with normal usage.Camera quality is average.Metal body looks good.Finger print sensor is the only good thing about this phone.totally disappointed from amazon ! it promised to sell 32 gb varients .. but now.. it had broken its promise !.......  it would b better for xiaomi to choose flipkart as its consignee!  now i understand..... abt amazon.. they are worried abt 16 gb phones which may not b brought by customers (us)  as soon as the 32 gb comes in the market. i jst hope in the upcoming flash sale.. its gonna sell 32 gb ones too !mobile is superr, but internal storage is very low because of internal apps,and 2nd sim,SD card is same slat, that the main problem,when 2 sims used its not adjustable, storage,i want 32 GB internal memoryThe first one I buy had problem with its headphone connection... I place a replacement order which was picked up on 6 April and was replaced on 13 April...8 day for replacement.This phone is value for money.Pros:1. Excellent Display2. Fast processor which doesn't allow to lag3. Stunning and long battery4. Good metal body feel5. Finger print sensor, Infra red at such an affordable cost6. Wonderful gaming experience7. VoLTE feature which provides for clear voice qualityCons:1. Disappointed with camera quality. It's not bad but could have been better.2. Hybrid slot allows you to either use two Sims or one sim and a memory card which is a restriction.huh irritated by this mobile it heats up and hangs a lot applications sometimes doesnt start ... its a worst mobile its second time and i m i recieved a damage piece it sucks..Keypad work so slowly and when I call someone the screen is blackout and the person not end the call, the call end by other person only and many more issue come for this phone.Its damn cool and tough & battery is too strong, just charge for 2.5 hours and use it for 2 days.I watched 4 movies just charging by only 1 time.Avrege phone i am not a fan of this  fhone,  network problemCamera  is not godProcessor  is so goodRedmi note 4g is better  to  this  phoneFirst of all best service by AMAZONFaster delivery then estimated date(on sunday also working)and properly packed.RN3 goldPros: Premium look  Faster fingerprint sensor  Sound best  Effecient ram management  Many more.....Cons: Camera not the best of other 16mp brands  but still better.  When charged for the first time it just showed charging animation but wasnt charging(solved after reboot)  Heated as hell while charging  Rom lags a bit.Conclusion:Best phone till date and hope for bug fixes in future updates...Its a good product. Almost 600-700 MB RAM is free all the times. I bought 16GB+2GB version as this was the only choice available. I dont play any games so cant comment on this. Display is very sharps. I liked different MI themes very much. UI is simple. Initially I was having issues with proximity sensor as it was not working properly but after OTA updates, problem is resolved. Look wise its very beautiful but quite slippery in the hands. Sometimes finger print sensor doesn't work but most of the times its very fast. Internet speed is very fast in 4G & 3G both. Overall nice product in Rs. 9999/-.The phone has lot of bugs that Xiaomi needs to take into consideration.They are not even sending regular updates to phone.There are  whole lot of software issues in the phone.Worst mobile I have ever used. Mobile phone heats up like an iron box with minimal usage. The mobile gets heated up just for calls. Do not go for this mobile. Waste of moneyOne star less because i wanted the 32gb varient.. As storage is an issue.. Only 10gb available on frst boot.. Otherwise the overall performance is really good for the price.After using this phone writing this rewiew, mobile is awesome, how I expect  I got it.Charging, camera, finger print, display, Ram all are extraordinary in this price.Very very bad experience with this mobile please don't buy this..Problem is this- it 4G mobile but 3G is not work properly and 3G and what about 4The product has excellent performance..WTD not again, all gone in just 2 min..love this phone very much.... go for itCamera in low light is not so good which is only con and we can not expect more from phone under 10K.This is very good phone for budget. Just ignore negative reviews.The phone gets a little bit hotter when charging and another problem is that the camera is not good enough inside the room but it is a good product for this price go for it5/5 battery 3/5 camera 4/5 looks 5/5 finger print scanner 4/5 screen  in all it's been a good experience and a Worth buying for 10kNice phone... best in Rs.10k price range....Camera doesn't meet the actual 16 megapixel.Excellent..only prob is little heating issuethis is heat problem i am return the productNice photo,photo ke      Awesome phone...only drawback is the sim card and micro-sd card...since mi provides hybrid slot..however performance is amazing..good camera quality.Superb phoneGood battery life...Best phone_ Value for Money,only Cons: Non Removable battery; in future if we battery performance degrade, we have to change the whole phone, not the battery.See the writing on the wall XIAOMI! This version is not likely fan favorite. Bring on the 3GB model ASAP, lest we lose interest.Yeah, this is amazing  phone by xiaomi india.Thnx amazon to given me safe and care deliervy.The little bit issue in device getting by charge it getting warm.Good mobile worth for every paisa you spent.Buy only 3GB RAM model and expect photos to be of low quality .Very Cheap Quality CameraI am using the 2gb/ 16gb model for the past 4 days. I would say MI has created a total value for money product. The highlight is the fingerprint scanner and the battery !! The battery lasts easily 2 days for moderate usage. MI didn't expect this kind of huge demand and that's why there are flash sales. I registered and tried the first time in Amazon and I got it. Login 30 mins before and refresh the page every 5secs especially 2 mins before they sale starts. You will get it. Bottom line - this is a total value for money product!! Let us give MI a chance .Regretting by buying this phone..heating issue...phone's sensor not working properly. Very bad experience with xiaomi.I'll never recommend anyone to buy xiaomi phones.Nice Phone.. 4 stars since i feel it is heating up for some reasons,which i could not find. Battery is too good. Only problem is the screen glass(which is not gorilla)After a months use. No problem at all. Best phone in this range. Little heating while charging only if you don't have AC or fan switched off. Otherwise no heating alsoAt first I was taken back with Xiaomi Brand. The moment when I started using this phone I realised that Xiaomi is a reliable phone. Go for it. This is a quality phone.Amazing made in india product. Don't go with review because lot of people don't get this mobile due to lot of demand. If you get this you will know what exactly MI is.Writing this review after 2 hours of usage only...-> Looks a used one (thinking this is a returned piece from earlier sale)-> Worst packaging-> Very poor sound or no sound at all. Had to switch off all fans to hear the ringing tone kept at highest volume level-> Memory management : only 600 MB left as default (have not looked at un installing any default app)-> WiFi connectivity is not great compared to my windows phonei buy this phone before a month.the phone is looking grand.the phone is working also gr8. but after 15 days the charger is not working.otherwise the phone is awesome!Looking good.. But faced lot of issues with network. Automatically signals off..hanging issue..Touch sensitivity is good. Camera is not so great.. Did mistake..This is the best ever mobile in this rangexiaomi redmi note 3 (Gold 32 GB) i like itThis phone is no help in Amazon.in serviceIt is hanging in between and switching offI love mi note 3 but i want 32 gb pls sellOsm mob vit such a low price... Can buy...Awesome phone. simply amazing performance.I am using this phone has problem of network selection  after moving just 1m areayet I have updated latest version but still facing problemI received this product in days time. Kudos to Amazon. About the mobile the only drawback I have seen so far is,  the moment you put it for flight mode n off it, it doesn't catches network at all until you switch it off n on it. I hope Redmi guys should improve this immediately. Other wise mobile is just perfect this budget.It's a really good phone. The only thing that I had to juggle with a little was the insertion of the Sim card as I was new to the concept of using "SIM eject tool". And a main drawback I felt was the hybrid sim card slot where its a difficult choice between 2nd Sim & SD Card (Due to Flash sale I could get my hands on the 16 GB one only as I needed the phone urgently & couldn't wait up for the next flash sale).I would suggest you to go for 32 GB if available.But all in all its a deal worth the save. So Thumbs Up (Y)Awesome phone !but bad connectivity so I'm giving 4 stars..!my first phone had a black out screen problem I had to replace my phone but my second piece was goodI am getting problem for 2nd sim. its showing No signal. I tried this sim on sim 1 slot, its working. Please any one help me for this issue. should i return it?While you click on BUY button and see waiting signal,press F5 for refreshing.Then you see BUY button again.Repeat the process until the product is in your cart.I got this phone camera got dark picture now MI phone camera is not good before Mi company give us good camera bcoz now this xiomi company earn name and do filmBought this phone but had to return. Both the sims were not decteing network.Looks like mi is manufacturing its mobiles from a small factory of the size of a bathroom; hence it cant meet the requirements of its customers...everyone knows that these cheap tricks wont do any good. Still this FLASH FAKE FUNNY sale..we all should mail Hugo barra or whosoever is the owner of this disgusting mi so that he realises how many customers are waiting for the mobile and he will increase the number of mobiles coming from the bathroom. .basically no point in flash sale if u don't wana sell...MINUS 5 STARSI bought these phone on 4th June,the mobile look and all specifications are nice except cameraThe battery is also very niceOnly problem with cameraMetal body really makes this phone premium...Camera is also awesome according to price...Battery  is just mind blowing...Best buy under 10kThis review is for the folks @Amazon and @Mi. Guys I think you people are doing a marketing stunt through these flash sales but the point is that as people are getting frustrated not getting one, so effectively you are antagonizing your future customers whereas competitors are grabbing the benefits of the same. Anyways the novelty factor of the flash sale  has already gone.If anybody from team amazon or MI, please think and act accordingly because these flash sales are just useless for your cause.good device. thanks a lot amazon and mi.Excellent mobile with gud battery backupTOTALLY BAKWAS PHONE HAI BILKUL MAT LENAMobile worth to buy. Two problems are there...1st. No extra SD slot2nd. Finger sensor and play store stop working when we download IMO applicationHe he he.. now it says "No registration needed", as this was the first phone with good specifications & price but now its Lenovo ZUK Z1 & Moto G4 Plus & people have already bought what was available. Simple subject to need sales should be done basic of sales & marketing.Xiaomi sales strategy is in vain, now people have already bought the same specification mobiles when earlier it was waiting & registration and now no sale so No registration needed.Good one but now kindly bare the loss.it is regarding memory of phone.I purchased 16 gb variant but it is only providing 8 gb as effective storage i can say a big fraud please do not purchase it,If you think/hear heating problem has been rectified by Xiaomi in xiaomi redmi note 3, then you are wrong like me.Xiaomi redmi note 3 (16 gb) heat a lot. Even when you keep it in your pocket otherwise mobile is good. But this is a significant problem. Earlier i thought this problem is with my particular mobile set so i contacted amazon and get my mobile replaced but the problem remains same with other replaced mobile also.So do not go for this mobile till this problem resolved.Nice phoneGood phoneBest phoneExcellent phone in its price range. Would strongly recommend this. Has everything you can ask for in a phone at a very pocket friendly price. Just go for ittill now after using for a month, phone is fast and very fluid, but camera is not up to the mark. some times the phone heats up while charging and gaming.Very nice phone at this price. Guys don't think too much just buy it. Camera quility is very nice. User interface is superb. Overall this is Amazing phoneThe phone does tremendously heat up during charging, and intense use.  I know every phone heats up a bit during these activaties, but this one's a heater.Best phone in this price range.Its just a crap by amazon..... :/Sale.....what the hell...I'm trying from few week nd I'm not able to by a single piece..... :/ poor management....phone is good. major problem is heating when charging and while using other heavy apps. but in 12k range. the pic attached with is taken with this phone.Poor strategy.. Better luck next time..Good handset gifted  to my dad awesome features.. Sensors are good... both cameras are great.. nice display.. but somewhat heating issue when charging..Overall phone is good.if you like big screen mobile then you can go for it.Battery backup is simply awesome. Even if you play alot of games.Xiaomi Note 3 delivered it's promise.Great phone with features only I suggest phone image sensor need improvement to catch better images in night.Excellent power back up n performance.Very good function and sexy slim phoneProduct was good but No head phones...I have just one word to say supebbb...Poor camera and battery heating issuesNice product. Worth the money.awesome phone at this price tag...bole to full paisa wasul phone...and very good service of #Amazon.in...delivery with in 72 hours...Bought this phone for my mom and as of now no complaints as such but then her usage is also not that high...in the price and features it was not bad:-)I like its size and features, its easy to use, the only drawback is that it does not dedicated memory card slot.the product is best in its price range.phone is awesome,working very smoothly,few drawbacks are there,mobile networks is not working properly. Suddenly getting no services.sim ports are goodIn online mention 16 GB internal memory but I l be in get only 11 GB cellphone why its I l not under standProduct is OK forSpeed and an allThe best phone under 10k u can have. Amazing battery backup. Great gaming experience and multitasking like never before. Just go for this little beast.Amazing phone, looks great, extra ordinary battery life, crisp and sharp display, average camera. Overall you can't get better than this in this price.Good But its Taking too Much Memory taking 5 GB internally to run, I think its too much, Better to Go for 32 GB versionI think mi note 3 mobile is very good mobile under 10000camera. quality is so nice ..but only one problem is there only one sim card inter at one timeVery good phone I found camera better and trust me very good phone with better specification I do not agree other problem but I bought it and using itJust dont make Indian people fools. We agree that the phone is extremely good but where is 32 gb version everyone is looking for? Is this marketing strategy to irritate peoplesMobile volume is so slow. Doesn't worth to  wait for long to get this mobile and not working as per the expectations.The mobile is good.but camera is having yellow flashlight.i m not at all able to take any pictures.if someone has the solution for this please reply.Just one word to describe..... "It made my money worth than I expected"...... Awesome performance..... Long baterry life....Thank you mi.....Extremely disappointed by Mi this time. Excessive heating: so much it feels the phone might blast while talking on call, reverse charging, excessive battery draining also at times, no Missed call notification,contacts not saving, Super bad version is MIUI 7. And huge rush at service centers and they want to keep the phone for long. Manufacturing defect but still the cmpany is not doing anything. Already wasted a lot of time after paying for a new phone.I have ordered this product on 16/03/2016 and delivered it by 18/03/2016... Performance of the product is good.. mobile is getting heated while charging and playing games... my charger giving hmm sound while charging... after 20 days  usage of  the charger could not charge my mobile... it has got damaged... i wnt to replace the charger of mi note3...even it has 6 months gaurantee... please solve my problem help me to get new replacable charger...I have two sets purchased and using for the last two months. There is heating and hanging out problem in these sets. Please  think before purchase.Camera quality is poor.Hanging & Heat issue is there after MIUI update before & after.Not so good as compare with Samsung galaxy seriesLook wise phone is good as compare to other phones.Camera is 16mp but camera quality not like 16 mp.Heating problem at the time of chargingmi provide 4000 mah battery but as per my 10 days experience its not giver result lit 4000 mah.Some time phone was slow showing wait for a second"Overall note 3 is good..... But mi should do improvementamzone packing qylitiy is very poor,is am sharing some photoPoor experience both time Phone is good no issue.Phone gets heats up during charging.. but found normal while usage.Camera is fine .. better than normal.But I face some problem in connecting to Airtel 4G Wifi network.I have 4G wifi dongle .. my other mobile and laptop is able to connect it.. but this Redmi note 3 is not connecting.Not sure where is the issue.  ( Suspecting this phone is not able to read wifi transmission frequency)Valueable for the given price.Its a great mobile phone.But the simplest thing which was missing in the box.Please try to fix it.  THANK YOU.Nice mobile in great price. working fine only one drawback here 2nd/memory card option. you can't use both at a time. Otherwise great performance.Simply Amazing for its Price tag  Cant ask for anything more!  Totally impressed  I am MI fan now.. Looking forward to get more MI products Pros: build, display, fast,no hangs, no heat,responsive finger printCons: no dedicated slot for micro SD. Hybrid slot not suitable for someGood UINo lagsNice buildCamera are goodAudio output is acceptable over ear phones its goodBattery backup is awesomeeverything is ok but front camera is not working..its total blur and when i googled for reason, this problem is faced by many redmi note3 users..Your reviewsAmazon Customer  is your public name.Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (Gold,...MiRating posted.Write a reviewAmazing phone at unbeleivable pricesReally nice phone wid amazing cameragood quality product at cheap rate..Bad response frm finger print sensorPhone gets heat when i keep chargingGood product and excellent delivery.Ultimate product every one like thisThis phone is utter crap full of bugs and defects.While charging it feels like the phone is about to burst it gets so heated. Whenever I try to install a new app the phone restarts and stays in the boot process for hours. Xiaomi please stop selling crappy and defected phones. I have applied for a return and I hope that you will atleast oblige to that and get it replaced. This is someone's hard earned money can't waste it on your crap.Excellent phone, enjoying with all new features. But camera is not that good, if we compare with other phones.Dual sim not working, and also update problem. BUY at own risk, coz return process is too long ,around 12 daysVery disappointed with xiaomi i registered for 32GB variant and at the last moment they removed it.Claps for them for misleading their fans.Go for lenovo k4 note of LeEco 1s 32Gigs and more RAM definitely a better choice.Moreover all the reviews are based on 32GB variant plus amazon reviewers also gave it 4.6 rating compared to 3.x for the 16GB one.Clearly 32gigs wins with a significant margin or else go for K4 Note or Le 1s.Very decent phone at this price  point. Only downfall is the camera, camera clarity is not up to the mark. Rest all good the phone build is strong, looks good, finger scanner works like a charm.,as I have bought 2 phones at a time silver & gold in my opinion  both looks good. The phone does not heat and no hanging issue  till date as I mentioned using since 11 days. If u are a camera lover  than do not go for this phone, rest all superb.it's beyond my expectation .. i thought have good and enough memory but i can't increase memory with dual simIt's a little big for normal hands, also getting metallic finish, gets a bit slippery.Camera is not at all satisfactory. Other Mi phones (redmi 2, mi4i) has better back camera (have used both the mentioned phones, and somehow they gave better pics)Battery is superb. Lasts more than a day.Movie watching is awesome.i got this mobile immediately after one day placing the order. And the mobile is awesome. Good battery backup and smooth functioning. Moreover, one important issue is heating. Ya , Its true that Mi overcome that issue. But i found that sometimes (very rare) finger print sensor is not working. And they have to update IR booster for other reputed companies such as BLUE STAR, VOLTAS which i could not found in the list given in the mobile.THIS IS THE BEST SMARTPHONE OUT THERE IN THE MID RANGE GUYS.....!!!!!Amazing battery backup, super smooth MIUI 7.1,Good Camera,amazingly fast Fingerprint scanner...! Just go for it guysIm very much impressed with the battery n fingerprint sensor....plus would suggest boys nt to go for the gold color ...grey n silver are betterMobile having 1slot for both external memory and nano sim.And Sims showing no service issue frequently remaining features are nice.I got this phone after a lot of review, the price is difficult to beat. Sheer luck that I was able to get a hold of it at the first flash sale itself.The phone is very very good, backup battery is just amazing. This is actually been a replacement for my dads one plus one believe it or not.It's amazing what you get at this price range now, like a minicomputer in your pocket, super pleased with this purchase.Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (Gold, 16GB)After 3 days of usePros:1. looks are awsum2. Battery backup is gr83. finger print scanner is perfect4. gud display, touch5. nd much moreCrons:1. Heats alot while charging only2. may be hv sum bugs and fon restarts (happened twice with me in 2 days)Overall ds fon is excellent !!!hope some of bugs will be fixed soon :)Fake people,  I doubt they have the product because they refused the product all by themself saying that I asked them to refuse the productI ordered redmi note 3 phone in the flash sale. I have been using redmi 2 for quite some time so trusted instincts and ordered the phone.The phone looks sleek similar to iPhone 6 plus. Using mi account I was able to transfer all my data instantly.Speed, camera and phone is all excellent. 16 GB suffices for data storage for me and 2 GB is fast enough.On the flip side, phone is slippery so need to order phone cover. No headphones is negative. No screen cover. Phone does get heated while charging , rest of time it's okay. It has not slowed down under multiple applications usage, so I m OK with its performance.Battery life is okay, considering my average usage it last for one day.All in all, good phone.The mobile looks great . All the feature are just superb. And in 10000 this mobile is amazing ...i will suggest my friends to buy  this mobileReally good phone in these price tag just go for it is spectacular  use mobile  as per that specifications and u don't  get any type of issuesIts a good phone. The reason I gave 4 star is that its big. It would have been best if the screen size was 5inch or the bezels were very thin.good phone in this range but there are some cons which are as follows:1.Can not put dual sim and micro sd card with the same.If we want to use dual sim ,we need to remove sd card first.2.Camera quality not much better.3.Video player got hangs while playing high quality videos.3.No proper user guide in the package.4.No earphones.Rest features are good and phone is stylish & working well.Mobile looks excellent. It hangs when battery is low. Once it hang it will take full night to come normal.Satisfied, Except ear piece heatingIt is very good phone for the pricePerfect and best choice for budget.it's amazing!!!!!!!!!!love it!!!!!!Value for money just go for it guysvery good mobile and camera qualityWithin 10000 it's a very good phoneDon,t buy 2gb version ...It hang after installed some apps(5+ apps)Very nice look,  good camera quality, especially battery backup is very good. I haven't seen any phone with such good features in this range.I'm sick of this fake saleEverything is fine about the product and this is the best product at this rate but the one irritating thing is that on inserting two sims it is not detecting and just showing no service for both the sims. One sim usage is fine and everything works perfect. I tried almost two hours to get both the sims working BT couldn't have it.........Read in few reviews that i t may take ten minutes BT it WS never in my case....Had heating problem and Wifi didn't work. Waste of money. Please read cancellation policy before buying.The only drawback is that only 10GB out of 16GB of internal memory is available for use. You cannot use both sim and micro SD card together.ok ! Let me tell me about my experience of this phone.Looks- Mind Blowing and Superb.Performance- i giving 10/8 Because 16gb is not enough for me.Battery- Superb 10/10 I used many things but still i have many battery but battery take to charging at least 2 to 2:30, 0 to 100%.Camera- Its Good but enough like they showing 16mp.Finger Print Lock is sooooo awsome.Overall i loved it (Y)amazing phoneawesome power , speed,very good in the price range till 20kdoesnt hang, doesnt heat , in an hour 100% chargeamazing !+ finger print unlock is a very usable featureFor those looking for something under 20k-- awesome phoneDrawback - in the 16gb variant, almost 6 gb is taken by os specially having MIUIgo for 32gb 3gb ram if heavy storage requiredGiving in this price range it is not satisfying, lagging a lot during hd video playback, camera quality is not as expected as 16mp, front camera is good enough, battery backup and screen quality is good, RAM management is very poor it gives you only 50% of the RAM and the remaining is consumed by its internal applications the only best thing i found in this handset is only the fingerprint scanner and nothing else.With new update they included Slow motion video it's great but not works in Full HD video mode.. I found this con so far!! Phone is badass!It's value for money!Super resolutionDos not hang at allSmoothJust bit heavy in weight n gets heated while chargingone draw back is we cannot use sim2 & memory card simutaneously.only one can used along with with sim 1.other features are very good.Awesome is just not enough. I want to inform some of the features which is really awesome1- IR Blaster, you can use it by installing PEEL app from play store (free)2- UHD, yes UHD it can record 4K Video's but not from its own Camera but you can install GOOGLE CAMERA from Play Store (free)3- SLOW MOTION, But Don't expect much from it because in low light condition its not good enoughand if you wanna insert more than 32GB card on it than contact me.MUST BUY DEVICEExcellent phone at this price range of below 10k. You couldn't ask for more.Believe me there is absolutely no issue with the 2 GB RAM version. It works absolutely fine unless you are into very very heavy gaming. All this nonsense about 3 GB RAM being the best is rubbish.There is always the option of adding a memory card to increase the storage.And go for the gold colour. It is simply the best.Worst marketing techniqueredmi note 3  is excellent .......Simply poor processor and dont buyBest flagship smartphone under 10kmemory is less than my expectationIts a good mobile at the given price, however there is some heating problem in the mobile which creates trouble in using it for long hoursIt looks and works good up to the expectations but a few features didn't function properly like back lock sensor and incoming voice calls.Awsom phone works very good with awsom touch and also very fast on it gets heated very fast but all other things are good. Worth of buyingTill now phone is working fine..... Yes I also felt heating issue during charhing or playing game...  Will observe for some more time..The phone was amazing but its front camera I don't understand y is blurrr and IMO is not connecting camera any one nows so plzz tell me ane U can use both sim but no memory and alot one is damage my simXiaomi note 3 is so sleek looking... especially after using Moto G. Its a fabulous phone for this price, working of it is soo smooth. Had also ordered Moto G 4 plus, given a choice I chose this one only because of the looks.... Moto g 4 plus is similar and great in comparison too, but it has a plasticy rubbery back which I guess endures a rougher usage.the flash sales of Xiaomi may be pub-stunts... but it exceeds all rumors.its too much heating when i am charging phone and also when iam usnig internet that time also very heat i am not satisfied this productover all nice mobile. just i didn't like the hybrid slot and it heat much while charging. otherwise good mobile in 10k.go for it.They won't launch 32 GB version unless they clear the stock of 16 GB. I'll wait for 32 GB or go for Lenovo.I didn't got a handset in the boxNice one........ working so well.Nice product, awesome performanceBrighness is very low in display.Not goodWe don't want to purchase this 16 gb variant.........we just need the 32 gb variant with 3 gb ram-GOLDPros :-Redmi Note 3 has an excellent build quality.MI UI is very smooth and fast on this device.Battery backup is greatly improved and is really useful. ( thanks to the 4000mah battery )Loud speaker is better than the previous ( Redmi Note,Mi4 and Mi4i) mobiles and earphone output is also improved over the previous mobiles.Brightness levels are really impressive and a great improvement over the previous Redmi Note (3G,4G).Fingerprint sensor is very well placed and responds quickly.Feels considerably lighter and slimmer than the previous Redmi Note 4G.Camera performance is very good and pictures have a great detail.Cons :-The only thing that is not satisfactory is that colors on this display look a bit dull although details are really great.At 10K price point worth buying, awesome features. While charging heating issues are a concern.I bought both 32 and 16 gb gold and silver . Phone is really good. No hang or lag so far. I am a heavy user. Even with updates it's start keeping apps in memory also. But still need improvement on software side. Hopefully Xiaomi is doing all the hard work to bring better ui on this phone.I am satisfied with this phone. Bug this one blindly. I bought 5 phone for me and my friends.Nice phone but compare to MI3 it's little bit slow. I recieved a faulty charger, now i got new charger from its service center.After 10 days of use I totally disappointed with this phone .I donated to other .this much heating who ll use.whether is this phone or heater .totally waste of money. Company should look into this problem.what's the use if u can't have it.do Xiaomi don't have budget to manufacture enough Handsets?was waiting for its launch in india since it was launched in china.great battery backupnice metal bodybig bright and very responsive displayfingerprint sensor is what  makes the phone even more interesting...just one DISAPPOINTMENT -  Xiaomi's  vice-president Hugo Barra said in its  launch speech that they have taken care of heating issue , which I think is not true the phone heats up like most of other phones.And the sticker on the back is very sticky can not take it out completly without scratching its back which will leave scratches on the backnice handset and this is my first experiance with mi and amazon alsogood job from seller also timely deliver.satisfied!!One week now.  Working just finecamera is avragenice phoneBetter than same range produts..Nice product at this price rangeIgnore all negative feedback.  The product is just awesome.  Everything is working fine and smooth.  Though wanted a headphone too.THE -PHONE IS EXCELLENT. THE CAMERA QUALITY IS BETTER THAN S6. AND THE BATTERY IS AWESOME. THE PHONE GET UP IS HARDCORE. TOTAL PACKIts camera(both rear and front),fingerprint sensor,battery life  and outlook are just awesome.You may buy it without any hesitationRedmi note 3 is Perfect phone.. Extraordinary specifications for the price.As always Amazon is awesome in shipping n deliveryNo at time use of 2 Sims and SD card. Only one sim and SD card. And 2 Sims with out SD card.Poor mobile there is no network on both SIM how is possible and call is coming, total wasteit is a good but 1 brackdown is heating problem when wifi , charging , hotspot. and gaming time otherwise it is good at this priceIt's been two days since I got it delivered by Amazon.And I'm fully satisfied with MI redmi note 3.The best thing about this smartphone is the battery backup...The 16 MP camera is awesome. Finger print sensor is working smooth.I brought the gold colour and the look is stunning.. Don't wait and keep neglecting the dumb review which are against this best budget smartphone.Awesome phone at reasonable price.good battery, good looking,good display, ,.looking for a good phone ?blindly go for this phone.Every thing is fine except that resolution showing less(640*360 pixels) than prescribed in different resolution reflecting sites.It's a good phone. I don't think you'll get anything better for the price. The display is good, sound is good, camera is okay. For this price, you can't ask for more.Stop complaining that the camera is bad. You get what you pay for. You won't get an iPhone or s7 grade camera for 1/5th of their price.If you're looking for a good budget phone, go for this.second sim is not working / supporting. does not come with head phone. Wifi is not good .There is a problem with the model that got delivered to me.  It does not have caller identification feature.  That means every call is shown as from "unknown" caller even when the number exists in contacts and number of the caller is never displayed.  This most important feature is totally absent.  Hence the phone is quite useless and a big disappointment!Pls don't buy this phoneIt's waste of moneyIt's get hotter while chargingNot satisfied with the camera qualitySecond sim of mine which is airtel not working, went to service provider and they showed me that sim is working in other device.Perfect Phone in this price range. Battery works for 45Hrs with playing games like Asphalt 8 that too with heavy internet usage.Product does not meet the expectations. Heats during charging and gaming. Applied for rplacement as there is no policy of refundHis A Best Mobile and Low PrizeVery good product nice featuresnice phone.....love to use this1. Awesome delivery speed, i didn't asked for next-day delivery option... But the phone came on the next day itself.2. Product was well packed3. Unbelievable phone for the price of Rs.10,0004. Battery capacity is mind-blowing and lasts for 3days.5. Phone's processing speed is damn faster...6. Thankq for a great phone, Amazon team!!!One of the worst way to buy a phone...Xiaomi is losing many customers because of this... excellent phone with great features at equally great price...Disappointed  bcz of heavy heating issueDon't buy if u don't like heating phone.Worst saleExcellent phone... Good condition and features also...... Camera is perfect, phone are good working coditions and features alsoThis fone is very very good its processor' camera, looks,everything is just amazing...I love it every one must buy this one....Camera quality is very very low.. Dual flash yellow in colour..front camera filters not good..yellowish front camera pictures.Battery backup is Good. Where as the camera is still need to improve. The weight of the mobile is bit high among other brands.camera quality average, Network issue for BSNL sim card, contact save option only in mi account and google not in phone memoryOver all good handset, camera quality not as 16megapixel,bit heating issue ,hybrid slot u can use either second sim or SD cardNo other phone can be compared to RN3 with in this price segment and featuresIf any one think its not good den jus gth..Best and true review..I bought it from mi store as amazon don't ship to my area and its flash sale are a headache,but worth buying it.Positive feedback1.superfast proccesor no lag even 100mb ram free2.very customisable ui.. Lots of customization3 display super clear and hard like branded gorilla glass(mistakenly tested when i dropped the mobile accidentally on the tiles floor)4.clear speakers eassily beats can b hear5.clear sharp camera then asus, lenovo.. But not even near to moto g 3rd gen front camera.6.curb design helps to hear the ringtone even the speaker is covered7.100% surely fast charging is there.8. Vibration motor is really good.9. Dual tone flash is true and good.And much more in the goood featuresNo negative feedback but there are some downsides if this get ok then 6 out of 5 stars.1.  hybrid sim.. Why it is. But there is also a solution on YouTube and i tried it. Bit tricky but successful2. Metal body is premium but i dnt feel that premium like iPhone3.dark grey colour but it is not that dark. It is light grey4. Camera quality not good if ur earlier handset is of moto g 3rd or higher price5.1st update is must or else no network. Heating prblm6.very much slippery. Dropped 3 time in 3 day use7. Heavy ui. Consume 1gb ram8.bit heavy hard to chat for a long tymAbove problem can solve easily but in some extra cost. But at a price of 10k the handset is very adorable and a beast in performance.Guys.. Dont go for it, its making unnecessary demand by selling the product with very few stock. I personally preferred this brand and the product is good, but they are taking cheap marketing policy to sell this one. Instead of this phone go for Lenovo Vibe k4 note. No doubt a brilliant product.  I switched to lenovo for this cheap marketing techniques. And i m damm sure you will not regret by using the k4 note. Much better product with all necessery options like dual sim, dedicated mem card slot etc. You may find some post regarding heating issue. But what I feel as a tech guy, any phone or any device when worked with full power it will generate heat. And this is natural. Though my k4 note never heat so much that i cant use, its rumor, regular day to day operation smoothly handled by k4 note without heat. Now its upto you whom you choose. Mi simply loosing customers for this marketing policy, and customer like me, if once used k4 note, never ever think about mi again.Also ANT VR generates added advantage of k4 note. you never feel it until u use it. You feel you r in theater. Its no doubt a great thing.Battery backup must be poor in both phone because of android. previously i hv used lumia 1320 with a battery of 3100-3300mah with 6inch display. You cant imagine that phone last upto 30-35 hours. Whereas android phone with same battery last only 16-18 hours. Its a fact of android. You never expect one charge can carry out my whole day with android. Not even with 4000 mah.. :D.. What ever you decide its your decision, i just share my thought.i tried for the redmi note 3 32gb 3gb ram model on 6th April sale...but i could not get any 3gb ram model....tried clicking "add to my cart" 30 times atleast....but nothing worked.....eventually gave trying.....and then moved towards trying for the 2gb variant.....it did take some time...but i was eventually able to buy this phone....COD wasn't available that time...so had to make card payment.......i chose 1 day delivery option and paid Rs 100 extra....but the delivery was not very punctual....got my order on 8th..i.e. LATE......talked to the cust care...and then they added Rs. 100 Gift coupon in my Amazon account which is pretty good....everything that happened before the arrival of my Redmi NOTE 3 phone was somewhat hectic....But as soon as i used the phone for some time i was very impressed.....I chose Gold color....It has a really sexy color and body..it is so smooth and sleek that half of the time it slips from my hands...lol........The big size of the screen makes watching HD videos awesome...the 1080p screen is a complete delight.....The biggest advantage is the 4000Mah power packed battery of this phone....Even my Iphone friends were jealous to know its battery backup....I personally charged it for 100% once...and after that i had my Wifi on all the time...brightness was set at an almost high level.....and i was installing more and more app all the time (obviously).......and i used it to play videos and songs as well for some decent amount of time.....and even after that i had still 10% charge left after having crossed 48 hrs since the last charge......unbelievable right? Well that's the best part of this phone.....call clarity is high....and fingerprint scanner is very quick as well.....U don't even feel much weight in your hands when u hold this phone because its weight has been spread so nicely......Although camera could have been better and 3Gb Ram would have been an icing on the cake...but at Rs 10000 u should be very happy with this phone...Its just been a few days now...hope i keep enjoying this phone the same way as i do today...5 sats are only for the phone quality...amazon service is 3 starsBought the phone in the first flash sale on 9 March 2016. My wife is using the phone.Pros:1. Very good battery. With a minimal usage for less than 1 hour per day  mainly for calls and whatapp messaging, the battery lasts for around 1 week.2. IR blaster is good. Works fine for our Samsung AC. Was able adjust the temperature of the AC3. Good Operating System and User Interface. It has not hanged till now.4. Inbuilt call recorder is working nicely5. Amazing specs at a jaw dropping price.6. Great looks. I am using a transparent back cover so as not to spoil the looks7. Fingerprint scanner is very fast and can store upto 5 fingerprints. So it is very easy to unlock the phone as there is no need to draw the unlock pattern or type the PIN/Password.  We can also unlock using an unlock pattern/ PIN/Password.8. One Handed Operation mode is nice. It squeezes the display to any one of the 3 different screen sizes.9. Have different animation schemes for screen swipingCons (just for the namesake) :1. Heats up slightly during the charging when the battery is less than 50%. But did not notice abnormal heating.2. Had some issues in recognizing the micro SD card initially. But now working fine.3. Camera is not very good in indoor lighting and low light conditions.2gb ram and superb battery backup makes it a just wonderful and best phone.....  and all this at only 9999/- hats off redmi .Nice phone good performanceheating problem with phone.Front camera quality is badeverything is just perfect.Worth the price .....gr8 phGood phone. a car drove over my phone. only the tempered glass got shattered. the phone was completely unaffected.Good product according to price though Let Ve 1s beats it. Only edge it has is the availability of service centre.i am using xiaomi Radmi Note 3 for last one month my experience with it is that it is indeed a perfect smart phoneBest phone at this priceLook is perfect,finger print sensor is fastGood camera and great video claritySuperb mobile I had ever seen!..The 2GB RAM works gud!...Then the battery backup is jus awwwsum!..Very good handset in this price which can equal in performance to any premium handset in the range of Rs.18_20K.Is fantastic mobile from mi cm 16m is their and proceser is niceI don't have any problems about this phonefaulty piece delivered...dont by this at allExcellent phone with amazing features and a great battery .what i didn't like about the phone was the earpiece volume  and voice call quality which is very poor . you can't talk easily in outdoor conditions.Also the camera quality is not that great as expected from a 16 MP camera.there is nice sufficient specifications features but there is a problem of sim slot and micro sd card slot thats hybrid. it would be  better  if separated.this phone is overheating also.and we should prefer for moto g 3rd generation. its best having power and water resisitant capbility.Everything is perfect.. except camera quality and moderate heating issue. Camera quality is like 8 megapixel camera and phone gets hot while using 4G connection/ wifi for long time.software has bug.camera is of poor quality. 2 gb ram is just for name ,user can just get 600-700 mb Ram .16 gb storage is also for the name.more than 6.8 gb is taken by phone it self. Backlight brightness suddenly drops and some time enhances. camera quality is not good.connected through wirelss but internet was not coming. In rest of device i was able to use internet at the same time.pros: battery is good.looks good .fingerprint sensor works very good.Battery is huge. I keep sending screenshots of SOT to my friends. I even got 10 hrs of SOT and 2d standby once.Super duper phone, friends go for it, heat only while charging sometimes.Battery is awesome than u think.its is OK mobile .not very good or not bad , but it price rang you can get good phone line moto g4 , coopad ectReally good deviceEverything is fine for 10k.If your normal user then defiantly you can buy.One of the Best gadget in this price range. Xiomi has really work hard to get this device likable by everyone.First of all the phone looks premium when you just open the Box. The phone is very lightweight and feels sturdy in hand. Fingerprint Scanner works flawlessly without any issues( Note:- Can only be used to Unlock the phone). Camera is not that great,doesn't look like a 16mp Camera. I found the massive Battery is the best thing in this phone. Now the bad part is the RAM Management.I haven't install any app yet and its already show only 600mb-700mb free out of 2GB which i really don't like. Processor works really well and doesn't heat like other previous SD processors.My phone doesn't come with 'MADE IN INDIA' tag(Very Surprised to see that). Hope you get answers to all your questions. Hope you find this helpful.excellent phone....it has many features.....looks really great..!!!Pls dont go for this product within 7 days i got software problem , network goes away i have to reboot the phone two  to three times , Not worth if we are paying the hard earn money rs 10 thousand and having problem in ten days of software very bad experience from such a bran redmi .Best phone. Superb processor, super performance, good camera, ....best gaming experience without any zigzag..giftedGUYS in one line ... dont go for this phone.currently available 16gb and 2gb ram... huh....Instead go for Letv 1s...32gb i have it and its the best...Excellent. Only drawback is that, i have purchased a 16GB instead of 32 GB bcos of no stock. After installing basic applications, have only 4 or 5 GB left. Otherwise the Phone is excellent and amazing battery performance... Will last for 1 1/2 to 2 days easily with heavy usage.What a phone no words to say buy and u get to new that what a money saver and paisa wa sole deal u have doneJunk Mobile, Stared having Problems the first day, second day mobile behaving Crazy. Requested for Return.Camera quality is very very poorNot worth for purchasingHitting problem,and only 7.85GB memory to use bakvaas phone...TERRIBLY UNHAPPY WITH THE CAMERA. Does not even shows a 2 MP quality. Both front and rear are PATHETIC.As everybody written I have been fooling arround to buy  32 gb for 3 weeks but finally I forced to buy 16gb.Battery is ok but not lasting for two days.This Phone Worths The Every Penny You Spend On iti got the 16 gb variant , i was not able to get 32gbThough 16gb is not a problem ,but 2g ram is a little bit problem ,as the phone has only about 800 mb ram free to use ,still it is sufficient if you are not a very heavy useradvantages :its huge monsterous 4050mah battery which can easily last for a full day after heavy usageits display which produces very crispy and sharp colours ,video ,photo and all other things looks good on phone , viewing angles are good toofinger print sensor works amazingly ,its very responsivemi ui is one of the best ui ,you have so many customizations in your phone which makes the phone really coolits dual sim ,so you can have two sims in the phonedisadvantages :2 gb ram is not enough if you are a heavy user , phone can lag a bit ,but if you are a normal user then ram is not a problem at allabout camera :camera clicks decent pics ,both back and front cam takes decent pics in good light ,its above averageheating issues :i have not find any heating issues so far ,i played several games ,but the phone did not get hot very much .sound:speaker sounds above average , they are loud and clear ,headphone output is really nice ,i will recoomend you to use mi sound enhancer plus change setting in audio section if you are using high end headphoneswifi & network :wifi & dual sim works fine so far and have no issuesOVERALL CONCLUSION :THE 32 GB VARIANT SEEMS OUT OF STOCK ,AND WILL TAKE TIME TO GET BACK IN STOCK ,BUT STILL IF YOU ARE LOOKING TO BUY THE 16 GB VARIANT , GO WITH IT BLINDLY , IT WORTH THE PRICE ,ITS STILL BETTER THAN K4 NOTE AND LETV LE 1S IN MOST OF ASPECTSIF I WILL FIND ANY OTHER PROBLEMS IN FUTURE , I WILL SURELY WRITE ABOUT ITThe mobile is good very good battery backupbut received no accessories with it  for 10k rupees ! :(Microphone stops working randomly. Another person can not hear. but it woking fine with loud speaker on.Amazon delivered it properly but packaging was not good enough  my Oneplus powerbank packaging was awesomeProduct is good but if Xiaomi wants a one more customer then it should have enough 32GB variantsXiaomi make fools every one in indialogged in before 3 minutes and try to exactly at 2:00PM. clicked on add to cart. it didnt add even though pressed so many times....:-(Redmi note 3 was awesome... I got the phone 2 days early thanks to amazon.  It does contain some small minority problems like camera is OK but not so good and brightness is OK  not awsome ..... Except that the mobiles battery and processing, gaming reviews are awsome.... Do buy this mobile ....... It fits easily with our budget.....It is good bt my phone is getting structed always whn i coonect to speakers can u plz return if possibleVeeeerrrrryyy bad damaged battery 1 day even not going battery problem even charging also not connect some time please check the phone before buyGreat phone, Reliance Jio sim is working ,but it takes 10-15 minutes for loadingIt supports Vo-LTEMobile is too good looking wise as well as functionally wilse but there is a problem at the time of Charging its Heat so much & another one there is no slot for memory card and exist memory i.e. 16 GB usable only 10 GB and RAM out of 2 GB only 900 MB is usable.dont buy this phone ,serioudly i purchased it on 9th april and on 11tha may it has got problem and service center said motherboard is to be replaced?why? it was working before that day.it is an unreliable product.dont buy plzzz.i want it to be replaced any howIt cool and good handsetmi note 3 is nice mobileAwesome.  Very hardy tooFront camera not workingamazon services but device have many problem  like heat up  very quickly  And Battery Discharge fastawesome product . no one could give more than  this in this cost. now i want to purchase 32 gb cell.Everything is fine except camera and over heating during charging. Camera should have been improved.Pros:Look and feel is nice.Good battery backupGood performance while playing gamesCons:Only 8.5 GB internal memory available for user consumption. This is very bad for a 16 GB phonePhone heats like a hell while charging. You can't even answer phone calls while put on charging.Phone becomes warm while on 3G/4G. I can see my hands sweat bcos of heat. The main culprit seems to be the processor optimization. All cores are running all the time without any reason. May need to root it and put a cpu governor but that will void warranty. I am clueless now.The product was good...Okay okay not very goodToo good for me & u....wonderfull product.....It produce lots of heatBest mobile,nice cameraHello to everyone ..Ever since it was launch I was in love with it's specs..and then I tried keeping registering every time in flash sale..I actually wanted to get the 32GB variant..but after couple of weeks I quite on my plans and booked myself a 16GB variant.. And honestly saying I was not expecting this much good bits from this phone....everything is awesome..here is my list of pros and cons of this phonePro's & Con's1.build quality.. Outstanding 5/52.looks....sleek and sexy 5/53.weight...at the launch I thought been a 4050 mah it should be very heavy and discomfort to carry,but once you grab your hands on this,it feels very light..5/54.performance...lightning fast..because of MiUI..4/55.battery life....more than your need..5/56.display....one of the best display I would say..crisp and clear screen....5/57.camera...lovers will love haters will hate especially at night...still decent photo can be taken,with flash it's good...the rear camera is really good..best in it's segment..rear-5/5 in day....and 3.5/5 at night..and with flash 4.5/5..The front is also fine..I would say Samsung J series beats up in this ...front-3.5/5Speakers..Really awesome..clear sound 5/5Overall..looking for the best phone in terms of speed,looks,battery life and decent camera..this is one beast to go forI just love the product. Most amazing thing is battery back up. It lasts for 2 days. I was using a Nexus 5 earlier. With my usage, it lasted 12 hrs max. Love the Finger print scanner for security. I know a lot of people complaint about how Xiaomi doesn't really provide 16 GB of Memory and 2 GB of RAM because of their customization. Even i was a bit skeptical. But, trust me the device works like a charm. No lagging. And, the brand new Qualcomm Snapdragon 650 Processor is kick-ass! Camera is pretty decent. Screen has got nice resolutions. Video & Images look really good. Better than what i expected. Again, thanks to Snapdragon. If your budget is 15 k for a new phone. Spend 10 k on Redmi Note 3. Spend some bucks in purchasing a headphone, as Xiaomi is not providing headphones with this device. I don't mind for the price they are selling the device. If you want you can spend 1 k on Mi In-Ear Headphones. And put the invest the remaining 4 k somewhere judiciously which would help you while purchasing your new phone . ;)Also, you are contributing to our Prime Minister's push for "Make in India". This phone is manufactured in India. :)i have been using it for couple of days,now its time to give my reviews on its badness or can say cons,1.using mobile data couldn't while using google relateed apps,those are unable to access the internet but at the same tym apps like imo,googlemap(exceptionally),fb,whatsapp working fine with the network.2.frequently it is getting hanged ,irrespective of taking care of RAM that used to be usually the reason,and when it is going hang,it is simply turning itself off.3.finger Sensor doesnt work sumtyms however clear your fingertip is ,but its very rare case,(that tym i have to take the password pattern approach.4.detects my sim card very very slow,may take till 10 mints.5.no earphone comes with the set.had to buy by spenting 250 rs another.although the wrapping was from Mi brand itself.6.sometimes youtube video takes to start from the begining while amid of watching those,and that gets resolved when i try changing the volume using volume button :(7.sim card port total two ports ,one is solely sturcturized for nano sim another can be either used for sd card or can b used for another sim,that is highly disadvantagous who wants to keep two sim as well as the sd card,so i chose sims over sd card,and now my sd card is of no use :(The phone is a mark of beauty. After using it for 3 days i would like to mention some pros,cons and some issues .I will start from issues:-'There are slight problems with wifi have to reset the modem for 2-3 times.'The phone and the charger heats on charging not much nor low they heat  averagly .'The camera is not up to mark which is mentioned .'The fingerprint scanner lags sometime.Now u will present some pros which are:-'The body of the phone is too good.' It doesn't heat while playing heavy games like .nova3 ,mortal combat etc.'The sensors are quite goid .'Brightness is good in sunlight.Cons:-'camera not up to mark.'The internal memory is said to be 16gb but it is 11gb after the pre installed apps .'Only 1.1  gb of ram is available .'The screen sometimes lag when there is much use.'The battery won't wore off while using if it isnt in use it erodes much faster.Afterall the phone is too good I might have missed a point or good but my conclusion will be go for this phone blindly it is the bet under 10k!edit:after usage of two days and the update of MIUI  the phone doesnt detect wifi nor does it switch on the wifi i am looking forward for a replacement:3Deducting one star cuz I received a faulty phone the first time (which amazon replaced very fast on my request).This is a very good phone. Best specs for the lowest price. The camera is nice and it's totally worth buying.Just Wow. Awesome smartphone it is. Will be a very good buy within a small budget. Go 4 it guysA must buy phone at this price range or if someone gets 3 GB Version it will much more better..No warranty card and user guide insideI am worry about it ...heating device slow chargingWhat a phone? I am very happy to buy this phone. It has a best features compare to other phonesThe best device in this price range.best then others I love this.the camera quality is awesome.Best mobile under 12korder booking problesAwesome Experience...Great Phone Under 10KMi created virtual demand and i dont know how Amazon support this type of product. I think, Hugo Barra, has purchased all the mobile review blogger to create a demand because i decided to buy this phone because, All the Mobile reviewers benchmark this mobile as no other mobile can come near to this with this specification and Price. Even Tech2buzz Ranjith  give 9.3/10 is a liar here. Fro the first day itself my proximity sensor is not working so that i cant able to end a call, rather i have to wait till other end user has to end my call. Next Finger print Sensor Mi promises it unlock the Phone in 0.3 sec, But in reality its a hectic job to unlock thru finger print sensor so i use to power button and then only i use finger print.Another worst thing is Camera , Mi Spec says its 16 MP camera but it cant able compare with my Moto G3 13 MP camera.So frnds better dont trust these Chinese Brand. Go for MOTOROLA, Samsung even Micromax.......Very poor product and heavy in weight not better quality of camera and not looking beautifulColour(Tan), as shown in picture and the real supplied vary a lot.  Rest is OK.  Comfortablenice phone  .. good battery backup . Overall nice product  ...No heating issues till date  .Nice phone for the price,  it got hung to twice when I received a call during music playbackThe phone is good but only one problem is faced that if you use dual sim mode you cannot use micro sdBest mobile at a price of 10000Amazon. Dellivey   bestCamera,fast as lightGetting heated while charging... camera is not upto the mark...could have been better...I put it in my pocket and when took it out, it's screen broken. I wish to rank -1 but...making us wait for so  much time n den putting up only one variant is not at all good! when there r two variants, then they should be for sale..when u advertised for both of the variants both the variants hav to be put up for sale!More features for the price.... medium use?battery will last three days... full hd display... natural colours crisp and sharp... fingerprint scanner works like a charm .. awsome built fit n finish...Got the device delivered next day but the sim holder was missing... booked return got it the next day.. 5stars for the delivery as well...That 16 mp shooter is average...UI is not that friendly... comparing to the Zen UIBought the product last week . used since today . the system is fie expect OVER HEATING. performance is good . have a great style . battery backup is quite fine. as said its a game changer it self.Gud value for money, superb touch redponse. Gud build quality. Fantastic battery backup. Brillient display.Issues: charging is slow, no ear plugs provided. Box pack does not have user manual.The first thing i need to tell u is it is everything the description says it is!!! Vry satisfied with the phone. Packs a hell of a strong punch for a phone which is just 10,000 bucks. The phone has a vry efficient and long lasting battery and the display resolution is also vry great. Bt the only thing that is missing is the ram management, as it has only 2GB ram and only 700-800 mb remains free after the inbuild apps are updated and games like coc and traffic rider are installed... I would suggest u to buy the 3gb/32gb variant., bt as it wasn't on sale on the day i bought it so had to settle for 2gb version.. apart from that the phone is perfect.  actually u can't expect soo much from a phone which is soo cheap.  the fingerprint scanner works flawlessely and efficiently,  works 10 out of 10 times.. The other thing which is a little bit overstated is the camera..  it works almost perfectly bt the picture quality is not that of a 16MP camera bt still there are no grains in the picture during daytime and mild light conditions...  bt during low light its not that great bt still satisfactory! I think there r far fewer cons than there are pros.  u should definitaley go for this phone its a big thumbs up from meawesome phone good looking but one thing is missing is it headphone no earphone in  boxIts an excellent with software and hardware built is great... The software is sturdy...No headphone with phone , Worst front camera, Lazy capture processing in back cameraNice..  Good..  Works like a charm..Camera n miui optimization can be better..phone is good . but  use 2 sim at one time OR use 1 sim & 1 memory card at one time.Value for money. gifted to father. Din't get a chance to see but heard good from himRam management and camera is too poor.. Camera doesn't work that much in low light..I buy a redmi note 3 order is successfully placed but order tracking is not displaysi bought this mobile its looks are gorgeous and camera quality like pocket size dslrI like very much for  this phone. Looking  nice. I am very  happy to use this phone.Phone was good but battery was problem using Internet and put a charging (over heat)overall good but problem is with light sensor for automatic brightness of the screenIt's goodover heating issue, cant able to touch the mobile its heating like 60 degree tempreture. dont buy this otem , i am returning back.not expected from MI this type of product & false hype.I love the mobile..its beautiful.. Camera battery all are good.. But after 2day it's charger isn't working with the mobile... Charger is working with other mobile but not with note 3..there is always a big problem with 2nd nano slot.....also the heating problem is not resolved.....camera quality is also average.......but its UI is excellent plus cloud make it worthyHey guys this is pankaj & here i m going to give u my final verdict about Redmi Note 3(16gb) after using it almost 10 days:Let's start with Con's first-1. Battery heating issue is there but only (strictly saying) during charging period. But after getting charged you cant feel any heating problem even with a very heavy usage. Hence it is acceptable as heating will never interrupt you after charging.2. It takes around 2hrs to get fully charged which is really a long period even after having 5V~2A charger. It took 1 hr to get 0-50% charged(i checked it with using stopwatch on another phone) & around 1hrs for 51-100%. But it's not a very big issue since you are getting almost 1.5 - 2days battery life (with moderate usage) at the cost of 2 hrs of charging.3. Camera performance is not great but good enough for the price it has. In low light indoor conditions it performs like a average or sometimes u can say below average. But in outdoor it really performs well. But all in all the camera doesn't perform like a 16mp camera. When i compared its rear cam. with grand 2's 13mp  camera i was shocked to see it was unable to beat the 13mp cam of an outdated phone. But the front cam was better than the grand 2 with minor differences. But as u knw very well u can't expect a iPhone 6s camera in 10k. Camera is still very good for the price and the combination of other imp. features that it gives.4. Fingerprint sensor sometimes doesn't detect my fingerprints. But it happens only 5-6 times in 10 days with me. So it is acceptable as i don't have any issue to unlock my phone with pattern at least for 1 time in 2 days. But i dont know the exact reason of facing it (may be a software issue so dont worry as xioami can solve this in next update). If anyone facing the same then please like this or mention this in ur own reviews.As u can read guys i faced only above 4 issues with this and i also mention how & why u should avoid them as i really love this phone and damn sure u will also like RN3.Now the Pro's are:1. Looks of this metallic phone can easily become a single reason of purchasing it if u saw it on someone's hand. It is light & has a great look with compact design & a metallic body. Gold version is really awesome (cant say anything for other colors available as i never see any of them). It feels very premium in hand. Truly speaking it is better than whats it looks on images or videos. Actually i had never like it's design as i fell in love with Le1s but didn't purchase it cause of RN3 was providing better specs. But now i m very happy as i got all features (better than 1s) and a great look.2. Battery is just awesome. It can easily lasts for 2 days or even higher with light to moderate usage & heavy users can expect 1 day backup which is really a great thing.3. Display is very very nice. 5.5" Size is perfect for watching videos, surfing net, playing games & etc. Colors are vibrant, vivid & sharp. With a pixel density of 401ppi u can feel each and every color of display. Display is very crisp and it is impossible to find any pixelation. Touch is really very smooth & it has multitouch support of 10 fingers which is good for gaming purpose. At last i would say it's the best display u can get for 10k.4. Fingerprint is working very well except sometimes. It can unlock the phone in less than a second(0.3sec). Now after OTA update u can lock third party apps with ur fingerprints.5. Sound is loud n clear & also good for listening music.6. IR blaster is working very well. I have tried it to many devices & it does its work perfectly but it was unable to control Nova Set top Box ( i hv not try this with other set top boxes till now) & diakin a/c. If someone is able to control the set top box then please share.7. It can play 4k video easily without any single issue. U can use VR headset to watch 360 videos on this device.8. Usb Otg is supported so u can plug ur pendrive or any usb device with it.9. Sensors available#proximity sensor -  to turn ur screen off when u bring it near to ur ear during call.#ambient light sensor - to auto adjust the brightness of ur screen.#Orientation sensor - to auto rotate the screen#Fingerprint Sensor - u knw it's use very well#IR Blaster - to control devices using infrared rays.#Step Detector - it does as the name suggest# digital compass - it's based on magnetometer sensor & provides direction by tracing earth's magnetic field.#accelerometer - to trace the device position using linear acceleration of movements# Gyroscope - to trace the device position using angular acceleration of movements.10. RAM & Storage: out of 2gb RAM u get 900mb -1gb free on first boot. And 9.33gb is available out of 16gb on internal storage.11. Great customizations# Inbuilt theme store# Inbuilt Full HD wallpaper center# multicolor Led notification light (7 colors)# Guest mode to hide images, messages, call history when giving phone to others#Child mode to enable only those apps whose u want to allow to ur child or others to use. To disable from this mode u can set pattern but dont set fingerprint for that as now no body can disable child mode even when u r sleeping or not active.#Reading Mode to not harsh ur eyes while reading by reducing glare & blueish color.#Can customize the action of navigation touch buttons or even disable them.#inbuilt junk cleaner#inbuilt virus scanner# great data management: u can set ur daily data usage limit & after crossing that limit ur data pack will b automatically get turned off.#app permission manager so now u no need to root ur phone for controlling app permissions.#one handed use for better controlling ur phone with one hand operation.And many more.Final ratings:1. Looks - 9.5/102. Display - 10/103. Battery - 9.5/10 (0.5 point deducted for heating while charging)4. Camera - 7/105. Performance - 9/10 (no lag at all)6. Sound - 8/107. Fingerprint Sensor - 9/10 (sometimes doesn't work)8. System UI & Customizations- 10/10Value for money- 10/10 (u cant get such a grt powerhouse with full of useful features with such a grt price)Please mark it as helpful if u find it helpful at any moment.Amazing Pricing for the Specification ....Amazon Rocks So do Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 ..Its has not provieded headphones with the box even a 7,000 rs phone give headphonesthis mobile is hang & cemera is not clear and  mobile is slow i am not satisfactioncalling problems n bad camera results. Amazon's wrong policy , you couldn't return.a good phone within this price range , amazon need to improve in packing the item .The display went off just after a few weeks. Chinese mobile. Chinese qualitySuperb mobile camera and battery back up is excellent other features are also goodHeats up when charging that's the only negative part aside that it's a great phoneExcellence product with very good features as describe, I recommend to purchase itOnly one sim and mmc card or 2 sim at one time.goodgoodGoodgoodgoodExcellent product against 10k price brand. Value for money. Like it very much.The best phone of xiaomiHappyAnd thanks for amazonVery HappyI simply love it because it packs very nice hardware and plus it is affordableOnly two drawbacks i noticed that u can use only one sim with memory card,no separate memory card slot,no option for dual sim+memory card ,&battery is non-removableValue for money..Excellent productExcellent productArifmalik F 142 lbetter perfomanceamazing phone....tooooooooooo much heating problemHeating issue making me irritatedAs good as it looks.  Till now no flaws....a must have piece under 10-13k.The item is very good..nice phone,good camera quality,senser work  nicely,Product is just OK.. Speaker is not good n mobile gets heated up very soonFast service. Product quality fabulous. Detailed will be posted after use.The performance and camera quality is superp. Fingerprint also works good.Fingerprint is not working properly,  it getting on and off but not unlock the phone .. Battery exhaust very fast and while calling the screen goes offbest phone ever.Excellent mobileThis is my second purchase; so you know how much I would have liked it :)Heats up on extended use.Also charger and Phone heat up on chargingGood specs for the price point. However the phone heats up quite quickly.Performance is okay, battery is okay but Camera and multi tasking sucks..its really great phone... thanks to amazonregards,PawanAutomatically Mute durings calls.phone is Heating during long callsbought the gold one on 30th march flash sale. waiting for the delivery :)Amazing Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Goldsim card issueI really loved this product. Below is my review :Pro :1. Good Rear Camera & Front camera2. Enough storage for normal usage. External SD card is allowed in sim card slot but not tested yet3. Phone is not getting heated even after usage of 1 hour continuous usage with both sim card active.Cons :1. Device itself takes approx 5.5 GB for its internal. Thats leaves approx 10.5 GB to user2. Device itself takes more than 1 GB of RAM for its interal task. Thats leaves less than 1 GB to user -- As per me this is big drawback3. Even after lots of search and troubleshooting, i am not able to configure the Finger touch sensorBest mobile for gaming and camera is quite good for the price point,battery around 2 days from normal usage,high usage 1 day!!awesome build qualityPhone is good in its appearance otherwise it has worst camera quality in MI phone ever have, occasionally hang, over heat, fingerprint sensor failed. Recommend not to buy this phoneSuper phone i have compare this phone personally with my friend op2, opx. . but i found that rn3 has better display quality with higher brightness and grt color saturation. Battery backup gives u 9-10 hrs depending upon usage .i  heavy game user plus continue use 3g it gives me 9 hrs sot. Camera is upto the mark in daylight. In low light images lil bit blurred. I always got 1.7 -1.9 gb free ram. No lag . gaming is smooth . normal heat while charging upto 60%. It cmmon in all phone as it lack of fast charging. But while gaming it doesnt heat that plus point. IR blaster is awesome. After latest update fingerprint working accurately. 10/10 . totaly satisfied. Mi rocksAwesome looks .no lagging.no heating while using and while charging you may find some heating that is becoz of the metal body wich can be ignoredLooking so glorious but when i am using this mobile  is heating and warmBest value for money... Absolutely no lag and a wonderful user interfaceI just want to say in a single word no stories that is overall Very NiceNice Phone but please upgrade your delivery service with your partner :)Nice but it is much better if handsfree earphone is included in the box.Hanging problem screen touch problem and finally i returned that productIts looks like a small iron box ...heavy heating when I surfing internetIts value for money. I cannot expect more than this in this price range.Good at this pricelooking very well...With good features....Excellent phone. Couldnt ask much in this budget. Many thabks for XiaomiNice. theme.  in comparison to other smartphone like lenovo. k3  or k4 .Awesome phone for the price . Touch response is super smooth . Finger print sensor works perfectly. In love with the phone . No lag what so everPhone is good  camra good but tha display light  against samsung- sony set are lower and other proab lem  when charging redmi is very heating ..Plz xiaomi n amazon.........snd us a decent n wrkin phn.........i got d phn.....its heatin too mch.......xiaomi sed it wont heat mch,n so do mst of d reviewrs,so y evrybdys phn is heatin.......v orderd a phn not a heatin device!!!!D 2nd mst iritatin n bulls*** thing i got in my phn is its bttry backup........u all blabberd abt its bttry,bt mine lasts fr hardly 7-8 hrs n on screen tym is js 5-6 hrs!!!! If dts u wana provide so say it straight,sincerly dnt cheat n take our hard earnd money!!!!D nly thing i lykd is d phone is wrkin pretty decent nt vry grt nt vry bad!!!!Bt heatin n bttry bck up issues suxx.....wich use to b d highlight of d phn!!!The phone is very good bt the battery as i thought 4050 mah is not as it is told ....but still apart from the battery the phone is superb ....The dual SIM option not working out.. Either we can use dual sim or single sim with micro SD memory card... This is the only drawback i found.It good to purchase it has good performance,it has good battery backup.Heating issues, Internet hangs needs restart of phone or aeroplane modeVery good mobile with all latest features, within the budget of giftingWorst product faulty too  its sound quality and hardwear not doing wellSimply you will not get any other phone like MI Note3 at such price....Phone is amazing video quality is awesome! Max features in least price.Good Mobile phone in budget range, But internal memory is less for use!Product was delivered on time and have no complaints about the phone...Great product for the price. absolutely no complaints, fully satisfied.PLS DONT BUY .....the most rediculous phone i ever see... 16mp camera is just as like 2mp .... its becoming swtich off and on automatically at its first day of delivery .dont waste ur money to buy this Phone . i wasted mah 10k over it. :( :(Fantastic phone with lots of features @9999Cons:Micro Sd card can't be used while using Dual SimVery bad experience for twice from redimi..basically the sim slot is defective after replacement it's again defective..(manufacturing defect) secondly network problem for the 1st sim slot and though there is sim in the second sim slot "it showing emergency calls only"!!!I'LL GIVE 2.1/2 STARS..(+)NICE TV REMOTE CONTROLL,GOOD DISPLAY CLARETY,GOOD BATTERY BACK UP,SMOOTH TOUCH...(-)NETWORK PROBLEM.........WHEN WE INSERT SIM CARD, AFTER SOME TIME NO SERVICE.  WE CAN USE 2ND SIM OR SD CARD.  SIM SLOT LOKING BELOW AVERAGE.,,,Wow itvis really superb mobileI tried to get this very fast,but was not able to checkout because of some technical errors and issues. but i joined the waitlist and after a long time i got the chance to add to cart. i did everything very fast and by god's grace,i was able to place my order. thank you god.Great product delivery time. Have some heating issues with the device.phone heated too much... n network problem.. otherwise phone is nice..I love my phone it's fast and gets a very good rank in my expectationsIt's awesome  phone. There is no problem  with  mobile & battery  alsoWifi has problem, Phone gets hot while using 3G.  Screen,Look is good.Best product in this price range ,lot of futures included love mi ....The Phone is amazing  and it is very fast  as compare to other phones.Really awesome Product I use dis 3 days overall very good budget phoneTotally disgusting guys don't go for they offering worse service and the Mobile is also so extra ordinary rather go for letv le 1s which is 1000 more but satisfactory using cheap tactics of flash sell Also delivery is not on timeBest phone everGood experienceVery nice phoneValue for moneyHeating ProblemFantastic phoneValue for moneyGood experienceQuality ProductBest Phone Till Now from my side. i loved that phone and full custmize phone Camera Best indoor our door 5 star from my side. Thanx AmazonGreat device at that price. Heats a little while charging, otherwise no issues. performance is very smooth. Ram management can be better.Great phone with great looks....delivered by Amazon on time. The phone works smoothly as expected. It can be a great buy in less budget.Awesome in this price range... The best part is the battery backup...Finally they are selling these phones without flash sales! Thank you!Great phone.. was waiting for it for a long time.. and am loving it..Xiaomi is good phone but mobile back side hitting problem please soleWorst network reception. Unable to run some google apps like Whatsapp,Shareit. But the battery is tooooo good. UI is tooooo good.there is to much network problem, also not support from mi service.Good appearance, long battery life, a lot of features at good pricephone is assume bt some time may be loading data when unlock mobileproximity sensor was not working. I have requested for replacement.Maybe due to software bug, I can't connect or share wifi network...we want 32gb variant so plz make the 32gb version available in open sales and stop playing that trickAmazon and Xiaomi is Cheating with Peaple2GB 16GB Version is totally a scrap . Would have considered selling 3GB Version first .Totally a failure launch in INDIA .so far so goodThis phone display is very bad looks like cheap chinese phone.Good product by mi and  best delevrry service by amezon thanksThis is not a volte phone. Reliance jio simcard is not workingI just ordered it right now and to mention that it was my 1st attempt thank god if u guys want to place order first u get to a pc or laptop then open chrome store in Google chrome then search for flipshape then u see a add to chrome button then press and it then open amazon app ther u will see a cart like symbol press on it then click on register autumatically add to cart on amazon then u will get small yellow box bellow(only when 3-4hours before sell ) keep refreshing it and u will get any model good luck and I am waiting for my rn3this is average phone due to camera quality but all over goodand i think Meizu m3 note is better than thisWe have decided to stop shopping with Amazon because of the Redmi Note 3 sale. It is a clear case of taking buyers for a ride. Xiaomi is trying to create an artificial demand by following not-so-ethical marketing tactics. The irony is that the CEO is giving a statement in a press conference, that they are trying to meet the demand by stepping up production. Does this mean that they did not expect Redmi Note 3 phones to sell more than a few 1000 pieces? Is the quality that bad? It is a real wonder why Amazon encourages such sales.Although completely new but phn is getting too hot even for small use.  Also it hangs a lot. Very disappointed.Over all the product is good but when the phone is over heated the finger print scanner does not respond at alli just hate it  bcoz camera is defective and heating issue front camera even doesnot give clear view it is hazy and they claim to be 16 mp rear and 5mp front but i think 5mp rear and vga front so plz dont buy it you will definetely scream after viewing picture quality i get my phone delivered today and i will request amazon to replace me with lenovo k4 note so plz friend dont buy this holy scrapgood i really love this mobile at this price. its working ok.Beautiful handset with beautiful features with awesome picture quality.Also,  there are some problem like,  I have applied the screen guard.  And,  most of time it give error that you can't paste anything on Orange part(upper) area. Even,  only guard is applied.  Also,  when call is going on the screen convert into black after taking it near to the ears,  even after taking away from the ear at the time of active call.  Pl tell anybody,  if it is soluble.I bought redmi note 3 . But the package is not having earphone inside it. This is very strangeAwesome mobile..  You can go for it without any doubt..Xiaomi is a reliable manufacturer all product awesome..Excellant piece with latest features worth for 10k ,,,,Good mobile with good display and good battery backup .Good battery backup, good response of tuch and sensors,I buy redmi note 3 THX GOD Camera is just average but other specs are really good.The Phone worked good for around 20 days, then it started showing issues. Whenever i get a call it always converts the call to speaker mode. Its so frustrating.Net par dekhne pe to thik he par real me pata nhiAwesome phone..really fast..no issues as of now..Its fast but multitasking not good as 3gb versionCamera qualitiy of redmi 2 is better than this phone.Design is excellentProduct is excellent.Smooth functioning.Delivered before exception.Only Disappoint for Amazon Delivery Staff.Received call for delivery confirmation before 1 hour to reach parcel at home.Amazon Delivery guy Handed over Parcel to building security without Intimation and without call.When received text that Parcel has been delivered, I was shocked.Immediately called on same number and shouted then guy was excused about the same.Dear Amazon, Kindly educate and train delivery staff about safety and Hand delivery with call confirmation.Just a wastage of tile to register and be online .. ibhave been here on App from 1:55 and now left from here empty handed . It give sme false information that the product is available and add to cart however once I tey to add that it only keeps on rolling in circles and  does nothing .. such a cheap way to waste an much needed and precious hour.Such a cheap u r . I will always regret for this hour And I wish I could have opted for to dp something hetter in this hour instead just checking the Amazon rolling in circles. U PPL R JUST LOSING UR WORTH HERE ONLINE. Bad service and bad way to help customers.Oh man!! 32 GB could do much better. But i must say compromising it with 16GB is not a bad deal at all!! So much into it!very bad camera quality.Not a good Product, I regret that i've purchased it. No phone which i had got stuck like this, for two hours it was not responding at all then tried reboot din work at last tried switching off it was k then, and some times fingerprint does not work at all and the battery is 4050 mah but comparing to Asus Zenfone 2 with less mah battery has more backup. Camera is not good at all...By now you might be knowing all things about it but the thing you don't know is that this mobile is so fragile even can't stand a very small drop. MI is using low quality material for the cheap price.On day one it was slipped and screen broke when took it to MI service centre sec 18 noida which for your information don't pick calls as in infinitely busy. Mi centre guy said the glass is not replaceable as whole screen will change and cost would be around 2800. I guess mi is working to make money via service if giving product cheap.Would suggest go got gorilla glass phone.Received a terrible piece. The front camera stopped working and the screen goes black during calls even after holding it away from the ear. A call to the service centre has elicited no response. Since all this happened just after the Amazon return deadline, I have to wait to Xiaomi to do something. I will definitely NOT recommend this phone to anybody.Good phone at this price range...Mobile heats a lot only when you are using phone while charging....sound is awesome and display is awesome .....charging takes 2 hour to fully complete and its big screen is awesome...camera is nice...the worst part is that you dont get headsets in box which is disappointing..to sum up thus is pretty good phone..After one month mobile display is not switching on.worst product everYour system 1 sim / SD card don't better .....only 2 me se one insideLast week my friend ordered he got made in india product and this week i ordered and got made in china and faulty phone. I was expecting made in india phone.The picture quality of  camera 16MP of Xiomi Redmi Note 3 is worst. Even the picture quality of 5MP Lenevo/Micromax camera phone is better than this phone. It has not clearly mentioned in the phone description that TWO SIM CARDS AND A MEMORY CHIP Card will not work together, which is true. Both are not working together. So, it is worthless phone.Bad camera,heat issue....charging drained....Decent mobile, really heavy built from xiaomiPhone getting very hot while charging and useAux problem and 4g network not properly work.Except camera everything is just fabulous...Nice product . Good battery backup.. love itValue for money. Good phone with metal body.Gr8 phone..... Just cant get enough of it its awesome experience with redmi note 3 mobno network detection if two sims inserted.!!Hate Hybrid slot, in 16 gb you got only 10gbLooking nice but heating problem when using internet and charging. nano sim card calling problemNetwork Issue With this Mobile any one request to help on this...Camera quality is not so good as expected. Processor is very fastAmazing Products very good Value of moneySuperb phone with amazing camera clearityradmi note 3 is best smart phone in indiaGood productBest services by amazonHas I haven't purchased it frm hear... BT the phone is awesome ..battery is huge ..power full in speed..you'll not get a better product in this price ..or price rang of 10k-20k..its that good..I got ma fully working n normal.. Finger scannr works awesome.. Camera is damn good.. Phone is best  for me...I dont like camera clearity as well as screen.even fringer scan is not work proper.Order it from the Mi app (available in store) we would get the 32GB variant there.Superb fone..!! superb features....the only problem I faced is when I encrypted the fone which is required when I configure Microsoft Outlook on the phone, one cant transfer the applications or save any pics on the memory card. You have to transfer the photos & songs, etc by using file browser app.Its overall a good smart phone for a price. 1 - camera is good in good lighting condition but bad in low lighting.front camera is average.2 - build quality is good , screen display is good , speaker output is little low but clear.Overall its good smart phone for this price range.Read carefully if some one wants this MI product plz download MI STORE from play store and easly get this phone and all other products like Earphones,MI power bank,All MI phones, on provided shelling date and time, who love MI phone can get easy from Mi store india as compare from Amazon ......@cGoing for redmi note 3 prove very perfect decision for me. Excellent product....Dont buy this product at allVery very poor camera quality and 2 nd slot can only use either of 2nd sim or memory card which is cheating to the customerI have bought this product in flash sale where in I had an option of buying other productsAmazon also should also care for the customers and there are no customer reviews being shown for the product before purchase of the productPhones camera is disappointing. Otherwise other features you wont get at this price tag. Very fluid interface. No lags. Crisp display. Never ending battery...and list goes on. Heats up during charging. No heating while using. Would hav given 5er if camera was good. Maybe future updates fix it.It's Awesome phone , working smoothly...Very good camera.screen and performance.According to price it is a good product.Good phone ,camera clarity is little lowEverything is good except camera qualityWest of money maney problem those mobileIts so good in all aspects except cameraBst in class cell.....worth of money....All over is well but some time it's hangAwesome phone ......just luvd itfinger print scanner not working propley heating issuePremium build qualityFull metal bodyGreat performance while playing gamesGreat battery back up... With the normal use the battery is lasting for two daysGood display qualityButCamera is not up to the mark. Very poor performance in low light conditionsMIUI is using a lot of RAM and only 800MB leftHybrid SIM slot is not appreciablePhone is heating up  while charging and also while playing heavy gamesWe don't know about which type of protection is used for screenOver all good mobile apart from camera qualityI switched from iphone5 to this phone.Believe me this one's a very nice phoneCrisp UI. No lag. Just and average camera ( not for photography ) perfect for daily usage photos like selfies and snaps.Finger print is great too.JUST IGNORE ALL THOSE FAKE COMMENTS ABOUT AMAZsince a month I trying to buy this phone 32gb but now I am changing my mind after reading negative comments.and now I will wait until this come in open sell or new better model will come with open sell. If no then I will go to favourite site ebay or flipkart at least they will provide.One sim card  not goodOK BUT NOT GOODI found heating problem with the mobile during charging, even in regular use. So I returned the product. Luckily I got refund, Thanks to Amajon.I even didnt like its look and sim card slot design. The sim slot may go off if a person uses multiple sims. Continuously changing the sims.Perfect cell phone in this price rangei love it amazon service is very good.Xiaomi knows the need of Indian peopleOn time delivery. I liked the product.Super double sim and memoricard undaliSatisfied...lovely phn....10k  me bestnot headphone this product is very sadVery very nice this mobile. I like it.Phone OS and RAM related issues found.Very good phone...  Value for money...Heating problem and 1sim + memory cardNice phone,camera quality is not greatPar beyond experience with this gadgetNice Cellphone!!! Battery Amazing !!!!i loved this phone ,thanks amazon & MIgood for normal use but not for cameraExcellent  mobile  I really  like thisBattery and camera are equal to Redmi2SUPERP XIAOMI REDMI NOTE 3(GOLD 16 GB)Average phone only battery lyf is goodAt 9999, what else can you demand , it has everything of a nice phone , camera is good enough but don't keep too high expectations, sound output is good , display and and over all performance is very decent , a little too big in size but again you get a massive battery life out of 4000mhz inside, fingerprint scanner works fine , I would say it does what it saysIm using  this phone since a week.Deign is very stylish  and classy. Im using 16gb vadiant, performance  is very good. No heating  issue faced yet now. Regarding  camera it is very nice.The only problem  i found while using the phone is that it will start showing  no service. Im using single sim stil it stsrts showing  no service  while im not using  it.charger is problem.and the rest is good .best phone under this priceWorst phoneWorst cameraHeating problemPhone is very good but charging time phone hittingBad Product of Xiaomi, Low light camer is very badGood product but very poor service by amazon agentVery bad phone  when I charge it it's to much heatAwesomwosm phnExcellent phone...excellent price....Heating issue while charging too muchNice performance with radiation issueVery worst.phone is even not startingMultitasking is not good as expected.nice one it is a briliant mobile foneI like very much. Performance is goodSuper mobile with good quality cameraOne word for budget phone - excelenteIt's a great product. But the 32 GB varient is not easily available. I think to sell the mi 5, they are not producing this version. From 27th of April the 32gb varient got available. But still the silver 32gb varient is not available. I hope mi will short it out.Superflop mobile heat soon and suggest you to not buy this not3 :DAwesome mobile it attracted everyone  what  to say its Damn goodFeeling nice to use this type of phone, everything is good and class, the only complain is that why you have not given a ear phone or headphone. Missing a small thing is the reason of complain, please change your company policy and give the required headphone.I desperately waited for this mobile but now when I finally got it, I got totally dissatisfied. The Charger was not at all working and the front camera was blurred.This was very unexpected. It should have been verified before package and delivery.Phone is okey,You will get only 9 gb usable internal memory for all your apps , movies , songs. etc which is very less.if you want use the memory card /SD card you need to use single sim only.So you please consider this before purchasing it.i received device and got to know that it has 3 horizontal scratches on screen its manufacturing defect.device heats up like oven and finger print does not work some time i tried to contact mi support for device issue no response yet received from themThink twice before buying this phone.. i have purchased this phone on 23rd March sale and i regret now. It has only two slots for sim card and for memory card it means you can either use two sim card and no memory card or u can use one sim card and one memory card at a time.And in 16GB variant there is only 9GB IS available for use.So far good at the price tag except hybrid slot.Awesome phone go for it...don't think twice ....your phone is Heeeting full charging from.......yeah this realy a game changer m dying to buy itguys me toh bolti hu wait for some time. letv was on flash sales in jan but now its readily avaliable. thode months bad yeh bhi avaliable hoga without any flash sales. no use being frustrated now. sometimes you have to wait for the good stuff. this phone is incredible, the features Xiaomi is giving at the price of 12k is worth it no other phone gives these features at such a low rate. ek toh yeh Indian company hai nahi but fir bhi yeh itni famous hai because it gives so many features. i just hope that this product is worth waiting for and when i finally get i wont be disappointed.This is the nice one , i like it ...Satisfied with the product till now.Shipping issues but product is good.I want to buy but no price displayedItnai Paisai mai itna bahot hai.....Exalent phone ..good battery back upNice n better phn compared to othersBst phne in dis rte wth high featresNice  feature  touch  very good 100%product is very good and its awesomeVery bed experience with the productPls contact with me ph no 7040790221Great phone.  All features are good.It's good. Actually it's very good..itz an awsm phone at this price.....Every one must order this mobile....Awesome phone except heating problemThis is the best mobile in 10000 Rs.fingerscanning not working properlyReally good phone no heating issuesWorst phoneJust to write a review they ask for rating .Obviously phone is good so rated 5 star but what about your sales.They are just testing the patience of the customers and they are hoping to soot up the sales like this. Absolute rubbish strategy Bcoz people dont have so much time to book a phone like playing lottery.Redmi Note 3 is a very good phone but don't know why the 32GB is not available, so i purchased 16GB model. You can read my full review on Redmi Note 3 Here: [...]Except Mi5 almost used all product f Mi..Superb Products..Coming 2 Redmi Note 3..Its Awesome Main attraction is Fingerprint Sensor...i already used s5 bt Redmi FS s awesome.. Camera Superb... Battery 1.5days :)..Waiting 4 Next sale 4 32gb :)good phone with fast processor.... gaming is so cool on this device... tooo goood features  in camera... heavy battery..good metal body... heating may be a problem while charging.. but heard that after update it 'll be gone... nice device..It's good product by xiaomi..... Battery backup is too good... After update I am facing some lag in switching b/n apps nd home screen..... Overall it's a good product.... Doesn't heat up at all during usage.... Only heats up during chargingOrdered Gold one... But the one that i got is not looking like Gold and is pinkish in shade :-(Was working good but later, it malfunctionedgreat phone with superb camera and the daylight pictures are as good as that of samsung note 3 craptured pics.super fast phone.we can go for 2gb ram varient phone without any doubt.Purchase it without any hesitations.Very nice, but 32 GB ver is bettergaram ho rha h want to replace disSpeker sound quality is very poor.good in look nd in performsonsolsoBest Smartphone Ever..........!!!!Camra not butter & network problemGood..... bettry life is very goodAwesome phone.....Go for it.Awesome phone at this price range.Back side heat always , If you have mobile in pocket.Good but was waiting for 3/32gb variant...Please don't read that bullshit comments they all are fake, close your eyes and go for it. The phone is amazing in all aspects, you won't get better then this phone. I have order 2 of this and I'm gonna order again on 27 April.Everything is ok but the problem isCamera is not good1 sim and 1 mmc card / 2 sim supportableActually it is Excellent ..Once again amazing mobile from MI..Thank you very much..Best Phone in this Budget and real competitor for Le 1s and Lenova note 4ProsSame old design but goodBattery of 4050 mh is very good16 mp camera is goodFull hd 401 psiConShould have been and separate SD card slot of atleast 64 GBVery bad experience, first time I have seen a brand new phone have a software issue. They picked up the return and now no news of replacement. It is an unsaid fact never rely on Chines brands they will always make you suffer.I successful receive my product but the product(phone) is heat a lot and the phone"s temperature reaches at 52 degree celcius even in normal conditions. At the time of heavy usage phone become extremely hot and i turn off it.Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (Gold, 16GB)Excellent product, amazing designVery good phone and looking nice.during charging  heat the phone..There is no headphones in the boxGood mobile with this price rangeGood but accessories are not niceAwesome but storage low only 16gbThis is the best phone i ever hadValue for moneyWhat's amazing product I loved itBest one could get at this price.Its just outstanding performance.Excellent Product by MI in India.radiation level seems to be high.Nice mobile as per my requirementValue for money. Worth buying it.superb mobile xiaomi redmi note 3very nice phone working well.....Good mobile with amazing featuresIt is very best and smart  mobilegreat phone!! really happy! :) :)NIce product in this Price range,oh yesGood..javeed1 plusOne can purchase it only for camera pic quality.  Nice resolution of front camera but the worst is processing speed.  Applications takes time to open.  It does not even match the speed of other low configuration mobiles.after doing lots of market research and comparison for a nice smartphone in this price band i found this game changer. camera is good, sound is nice and no heating issues observed while heavy usage. overall a nice phone.As alwys Xiaomi rocks but can be little cheaper as other phone offer same applications (coolpad)but charger makes noise , i dont know what to do ?pros1)design2)battery3)uicons1) only 2 ports (sim,sim or sim , 32gb sd card)2) heating while charging3) heating while playing games4) no accessories5) above avg camera6)only 9 gb is free7)ram 800 mb is freeFast delivery, the product is awesome! worth 10K but the only problem is the RAM, I guess MI must start selling 32 GB phones , because this phone 's internal memory occupies 50% of the RAm. Overall a really good phone.By far i have faced no issues with this phone. Infact i am quite happy with the performance, though the phone has a bit of heating problem when charged.Gladly would suggest others to buy. Tough competitor at this rangeExcellent phone at this price. Mi rocks.Becouse of amaon.in this is a s*** phoneAwesome phone...brought 2 no's..Heating Issues but phone is goodAwsome  phone at Awsome  price..Best phone in this price range..This is good mobile in this rangGood product with speed deliveryAwesome product...just go for itits really very nice product under 10Kgood phone but charger was defected i dont know is it a manufacturing defect or any other reason..but phone was good no problem regarding phone..udner 10k it is the best phone u can get till now.All are good,only the prob is over heating issue.I am returning this device on coming Friday. But in this price mi has compact lot many feathers in note 3 32gb phone.look wise its really nice one.9008838121Great phone.. Itne kam cost m..No notification of missed callsGood features in a budget priceNice 1 mobile I like dis mobileIt is best phone in this range.Good. Camera is not up to mark.Gud mobile In this price  rangenyc product at this low price..Camera not good ...battery goodHeating problem...  Mobile goodGood device in affordable priceOne drop the the screen crackedGood Product at its price pointBest the money (10K) can buy!!!Amazing phone with lowest pricemy longest finger salutes u xiaomi and amazonI was so excited to have the device in my hand but after getting it am not fully happy. Most important the internal storage is only 9GB in 16GB and RAM is less than 900MB in 2GB very disappointed by this.Good quality of camera, music quality is out standing and headphone output quality also very nice, you can use a home theatre or good quality of headphone to get a good effect of sound, very slim, take 1hr to charge 50% of battery, full hd ips display is rocking.  all feature is out standing.Overall is nice mobile.  Don't face any problem like hang,  delay,  heating  etc.Nice experience.But there are two problems in it :1. Heat up a little when used during charging.2.  Have to restart the mobile everytime when we change or modify the security settingowe some product bought after long effortit is an good phone ever i bought ,good battery back up, nice camera and marvelous featuresyou can buy this product without thinking more.the phone  is ultimate....looks like a iphone 6plus..While the phone at this price is worth, but if you have any challenge with phone,i.e you require some technical support, neither the call centre is able to help or service centre is able to help.After sales support of Xiamoi is pathetic.this phone is really awsm....all its features r really good fulfill all desires of customers.only heating poblm there is ..bt its not much....golden color is d best one.......u 've to try atleast once.Amazing Phone !!Major highlight of this phone is - No Heating at all !!! I have never seen any metal phone which does not heat. Battery life is amazing too.Perfect blend of style and performance.Good profuct in this price go for itAwesome phone with great build nd thanks to Amazon fr timely delivery ...but I have found the phone is heating up normally so beware of it. I think xiaomi should provide some solution as well as Amazon it's heating up even at normal useThis is a very nice smart phone with long battery life. Love this phone. An issue with inserting dual sim and memory card and the phone heated up with a longer use. Overall a classy good smartphone.great phone with great looks!!the beast has arrived !!I had many confusions when i thought to purchase redmi as some said that mobile gets heated up so fastly but i purchased on 27th april i was very happy and i am totally satisfied with the features.With 2Gb ram, its a slow phoneBest mobile 2016 in this priceits worst then my expectationsredmi Note 3 is exlent mobile.Best smartphone in this budgetYe bhut jalde heat ho jata haiNice, cool, beautiful PHONE!!!excellent phone in this range.Awesome mble nice battery backup but charger heat while charging &about camera its awesome and front camera is also cool fingerprint sensor is best ever little bit bqttery drain while heavy gamingThe camera is not at all good. It is giving Blur images, even when there is slightest movement of the object. Please don't buy this if you have any expectations of the cameraI used Moto G2 prior to this and when I compare that one with this, Redmi Note 3 camera cant even come close to Moto G CameraOther features are good, but disappointed with camera.I thank Amazon for accepting the return of the phone and credited full amount to my account.Finger print scanner does not recognise my finger print efficiently now after a use of about a month and the front camera is a disaster.  Except these two flaws... It's great phone in this range.I received Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 on 11 Apr..now facing prob of hang and other unhandled bugs. The fon had 10 days replacement warranty so now they can't change the handset .highly disappointed....mobile is very bad. finger print touch does not work properly after few months. don.t buy this.see this link which will help you to buy product online in future[...][...][...][...]The product quality is very good but it contains only USB charger. The package did not contains ear phones. The product is very well. The amazon packing was so good. It delivered in only 3 days.Phone is not up to the mark.please provide some update to improve the clarity of the of the camera .very much impressed with battery back up and quick charging facility of the phone.the delivery of the Amazon is very much speedyPhone heating up .. plz do something urgentlyThe phone heats up after 5 tob10 minutes of usageIts mostly heats on the top part near the finger print scanner and flash light...Initially confused in choosing between coolpad note 3 , lenovo k4 note and redmi note 3 .But after reviewing all 3 finally selected mi 3 and happy with Mobile.Update working fine.This is too bad, 3time I registered for this mobile I didn't get that finally I bought Lenovo k4,  don't play with customers by creating fake demand, from now onwords i stop using this amazonGood.. Long lasting battery..very nice set , i am using itlow budget perfect feature...Great mobile.... As expected!after update it show me errorWired Earphones not availableVery nice phone it is awesomeBest phone in the worldBest I Can get at this price.Value for money excellent !!!On 6th April the sale start @ 2 pm , I try...try..try....and tried...up to 2.30pm and then I am success to add in cart.very frustred to see , this type of problem create by Amazon .Device excellent configurationService - prompt serviceHeating issues,camera is not best,Good phone in the range of 10,000"superb...! smart phone "Well everything about this device has been nothing but flawless. Only thing that keeps bothering me is that phone only heats up while being on charge. It reaches upto 42 degreea.wrong choiceworst phone not even one star...minus stargets heated while making a call or receiving a calli got it few days back and now its not workingpls dont purchasee.........It's looking gud and performance as well gud but internal storage is 11.2 GB and they mentioned 16 GB so in GB phone get free 7.5 GB memory and in2 GB RAM get 800 MB free memory onlyThis mobile lookwise and costwise is good.but having heating problem. I am using 2G net, still need to charge every day. Hence battery back is not up to the mark even it is 4050mah.i loved the mobile but its not exactly shown in picture its totally different .... it came as rose gold not gold as shown here im bit disappointed in that one thing ... be aware !!this  is not a good phone ... also its not giving a  good battery backup ...  and also having a heating problem ...... its with in 5 or 10min phone is going too hot .... this is very disappointed me....SuperGreatPROS -1)Premium Built with Full Metal Body2)USB-OTG support3)Audio quality (both Loudspeaker and Earphones) is great4)Display is sharp and bright5)Good In-Hand feel6)Ultra-fast and accurate Fingerprint scanner.7)Smooth and lag free performance with almost No OverheatingCONS -1)Camera Performance is subpar.2)Lacks Quick Charging feature3)The screen lacks any kind of special protection like Gorilla Glass4)No NFC5)Not water resistantADVANTAGES over K4 Note and Le 1s-1) Redmi Note 3 sports a Qualcomm Snapdragon 650 SoC but the SoC in both the K4 Note and Le 1s is MediaTek.2) The primary camera sensor on the Redmi Note 3 is 16MP but K4 Note and Le 1s has a primary camera sensor of 13MP.3) A larger 4050 mAh battery is present on the Redmi Note 3 while the K4 Note and Le 1s has battery capacity of around 3000 mAh.4) The MIUI on the Redmi Note 3 is bloatware free and receives regular updates while the ROMs on the other devices is bloated and updates are not frequent.SO WHY SHOULD YOU BUY THIS?If Your Main Focus is not Camera then this is the Best Smartphone in this Range.FINGERPRINT SENSOR -The incorporation of fingerprint sensors is the new trend. The fingerprint sensor present on the Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 is a great sensor with a RESPONSE TIME of about 0.3s. It hasnt failed once in my three weeks of usage. Just placing the finger on the sensor unlocks the phone.CAMERA - POOR!The primary camera features a 16 megapixel sensor with f/2.0 aperture and PDAF (Phase Detection Autofocus). There is a dual tone dual LED flash. On the front is a 5 megapixel camera without a flash.The camera app is pretty loaded. There are many features like Panorama, Fish-eye and Also the Beauty Face! The ability to apply filters in the camera itself is a great addition. The shutter clicks register very fast in the normal mode but there is bit of a lag in the HDR mode.The quality of the photographs taken on the Redmi Note 3 is disappointing. The primary camera samples are grainy and it is not sharp. While the pictures taken in outdoor light is passable, the camera struggles in indoor lighting and fails terribly in low light conditions.USER EXPERIENCE & GAMING -Multitasking is a breeze on this handset. The MIUI ROM has been tuned perfectly for a smooth user experience. The GPU is a beast and can easily handle popular games like Temple Run 2, Asphalt 8 in the highest graphics settings. Even Modern Combat 5 and Nova 3 can be played without any hitches. There is NO OVERHEATING of the phone even after 30 minutes of gaming.DESIGN & BUILD -Though the phone is a large one, the in-hand feel is quite good! The budget phone has an all metal build with plastic portions at the top and bottom to enable signal reception. The edges are rounded off and the slightly rounded contour on the side allows for a firm grip and good in-hand feel.The volume rockers and the power button are present on the right hand side of the phone and the power button is placed below the volume keys near the middle part of the device therefore making it easy for the user to lock or unlock the handset. On the left is the slot which houses the HYBRID SIM TRAY ( Dual Sim or One Sim and One SD Card). The sim tray has a slot for a micro sim as the primary sim and a second hybrid sim slot. In the hybrid sim slot a nano sim can be used or a micro SD card upto 32GB storage.A notification LED is present at the top along the same line as the earpiece grill and the colour of the LED can be customized for different notifications! There are 3 backlit capacitive buttons below it! The handset comes with an IR blaster and has the traditional micro-USB NOT the Type-C.DISPLAY -The screen is a 5.5inch full HD display with GOOD Colour Reproduction and the SUNLIGHT READABILITY is GREAT. Xiaomi claims this phone features the Sunlight Display seen before on the Mi4i. But the phablet LACKS a Gorilla Glass protection. The company claims that the protection is similar to what Corning provides.The viewing angles are good and the 5.5 inch Full HD display (1920 x 1080) has a pixel density of 403 ppi. Thus the device is great for multimedia and reading with a dedicated Read Mode!PERFORMANCE -The handset is powered by the Qualcomm Snapdragon 650. It is a hexa-core processor with two more powerful Cortex-A72 cores clocked at 1.8GHz. The other four cores are Cortex-A53s running at 1.4GHz.The GPU is the new Adreno 510, which is one stop lower than the state of the art Adreno 530 present in the flagship Snapdragon 820 chipset.Although there is a huge difference between the results of synthetic benchmarks and real world usage, the benchmarks give us a faint idea of what the hardware is capable of. AnTuTu and GeekBench scores after almost 2 months of usage is pretty good. The scores competes with the top chipsets of last year like the Snapdragon 810 and the Snapdragon 808 present in the Nexus 6P and the Moto X style respectively.SOFTWAREThe phone runs Xiaomis custom ROM MIUI 7 based on Android Lollipop 5.1 and has tons of additional features built-in. Its quite different in looks from vanilla Android present in Nexus devices, like there is an absence of an app drawer. The ROM has Xiaomis services built-in like Mi Cloud. There is also an app permission system as well as cache cleaner and security app built in.The device did not launch with Android Marshmallow, the company assures that Android 6.0 update is just around the corner. One can hide folders in the gallery or even set a child lock to limit the visibility to certain apps. The latest build of the ROM allows the users to lock individual apps using the fingerprint sensor.Opera Max powered Data saver helps to save valuable data while browsing and watching videos on YouTube. The famous Read Mode present in iOS 9.3 is also present in the ROM. MIUI 7 also features a Battery Saver with lots of options like scheduling Battery Profiles according to the time of the day.BATTERY - 4050 mAhThe Best thing about the Redmi Note 3 according to me is the battery! The massive non-removable 4050 mAh battery can power the phone for almost two days with 3-4 hours of screen on-time per day.The phone takes about an hour to reach the halfway mark from 1% battery life and about two and half hours to be fully charged using the 10W charger that is supplied in the box.The Battery Saver is a great addition with different modes and the ability to enable the modes according to the battery percentage or the time of the day.SOUND PERFORMANCE -The speaker grill is situated at the back of the device. The sound quality is good and clear and it does not distort at high volumes.Being a audiophile, I enjoy listening to music on this handset. There is a option to enhance earphone sound quality based on the type of earphone used. The sound quality in crisp, clear and the experience is enjoyable.Very first, the over all performance of the phone is good and no doubt I was waiting for this phone for a long time. Now comes the original part of the review.Pros ->Good battery>Excellent camera with many filters>No lagging>Featured Keyboards already installed>Beautiful look>Light weight>Quick processing>Takes 2 hours to fully charge, I uses Boost Charge Mode.>Very affordable priceCons->Most of the application like Google Play, Shuttle and other app auto shut down (hibernated) if you are not peeking into them time to time. In worst case scenario music players are unable to play files, until the phone is rebooted. There is no search option in its default music player.>Opening any pic from gallery and then editing it using photowonder, picsart etc via clicking on Share, it kills the process of gallery. If you want to edit, directly go to the app and browse for the pictures.>It heats>I Don like its UI too much so I have other UIs installed. Most of the time the default MIUI overrides the installed UI and that irritates.>Camera sometimes becomes irresponsive until you reboot>2nd sim is hybrid, means either use a memory card or Sim card, well you may go for 32gb version.>Finger print sometimes go irresponsive while charging.>Once you disable Quick Charging, the option is no where to be found. Finally I got this option in the keyboard setting of Touchpal. How stupid is that!I will keep it updated as I come with other issues.HummmgreatWastegreatMy mobile sensor not workingNice phone with great looks.There is some heating effectgood one and worth the moneyPathetic phone... slows down... lagging... hitting up... duplicarte charger... poorest after sale service... hardly 2-3 service centers in Gujarat and that too shuttering down...A very good phone for 10k,The only con is it reloads apps while multitasking if you have more 5 apps openBut still considering price to performance cant complain. 1st when i receive the product and switch on it, after using 7 to 10 minutes my Mi note 3 going so hit & also camera quality is very poor, so i returned it to replace a new one.Fake Redmi Note 3...can't use SD card and Sim2 slot same time...Internal memory just only 9GB not 16GB....totally fake...don't buy it guyzz..display not better..just average..!!phone heating problem after 5 daycamera quialty poor not a 16 MP like a 8 mpnot a front flashbattery backup a normal phoneonly finger scaner much batterAmazon & MI making us fool. I tried to place an order but cant complete even I added this phone in my cart. This is totally time waste exercise so pls don't waste your time and go for another phone.One word Overheats!!! I m really it overheats rather than this in similar price category less performing devices but are at least usable for longer duration as they don't heatBattery problem and heating issues.. So want to replace.i dnt need any refund only want replacement with newer one.  But its not done through amazon. It s  a negetivity to me. I requst to ceo of amazon if possible plz replace my phn with newer one.Excellent phone for the price !nonsense mobile........chutiyahBest Budget Phone 2016. Period.I received the phone which refused to start for fist 2 hrs and when it did.. It had heated up so much that the entire box was hot.. Hopefully the replacement will be better..Xiomi you r not apple phone . worest product in the  world  amazon u also cheat all buyers total waste selling  fraud cheat etc.  .. I am not give u 0 star u r negative starCamera quality is very bad and it heats also..!!Xaomi is just creating market hype. If the 32 GB is not in stock please do not fool customers by flash sales. There are other brands in the market which are good enough. I am totally off xaomi.I used iPhone 6 Plus and recently bought this phone for my friend.  This is a Best Buy in budget phones. The best available features. Good battery life. Good looking phone.After using 1 month. ......Awesome phone. Everything is working fine IR blaster is also working perfectly. Just one issue about ram management around 600mb ram  free.Nice phone but heating problemHi  dont buy this phone pleaseI like every product of Xiaomigood poduct mi always exellentBest phone ever,jst love itPerfect phone at such priceSuperb Phone at this price.I like this phone very niceSuperb mobile in this rangeBest phone I have ever usedAll features are very good.Excellent, value for money.hanging problem. Not worthyNice phone, fully satisfiedThis phone is a uncradiableThis is really nice phone..Great phone with this priceThe whole world have to buyNice work for mobile phonesLoved it but Camera is flopI'm not happy with redmi note 3 actually its ram not work properly,hanging and battery battery  become so hot it was my first purchasing but I'm totally disappointed..this phone not a dual sim is a singal sim because same time memory card & sim 2 both eligible are not use in same & battery is not removable & other earphone is not working this deviceNice phone with great features and specifications.....decent look.....great camera picture quality.....recommend to purchase with Amazon for fast and safe delivery...I have a serious question guys... Does It supports 64GB Memory Card..?? I know officially it doesn't, but If it Supports then let us know..pllsssssssss. Thanks.1.  Rear camera like 5MP even day light outdoors2. Only one sim can take the network another  show no  service 3. Automatic reboot even after update miuiIn camera app, camera cannot take the actual colour photoVery bad quality.its just fallen from hand.totally broken screen.very bad....my 10000 rs wasted.no repair places also.just wastage money.only one month completed...Nice phone slim body,good fingerprint scanner  but camera quality not clear as expected........It heats the phone during charging...... It may damage phone...I purchase this mobile on 6/04/16 ,it seem good camera quality and nice touch , But while charging phone is heating ..!And charger is also heating too much..!We all know abt its pros and cons, here are some add points.Yes the phine has premium look and top spec under 10k hood.It has 10+ indian languages installed and offers lots of customization from theme to color contrast and battry saving modes.I find everything working wel, one thing I personally dont lyk is its non removabl battry and sim slot. Ys its the only issue wit me, it should hv suportd dual sim wit a micro sd card. Aftr ofrs so much gud specs y restrct users optn on eithr sim or micro sd.B4 finshng , ys d remote wrks wel atleast controls tv , set top box etc . Wit functns lyk off_on, volm, chanl chang etc.N spekng on behlf of dos facng some major problm, xiaomi team u shuld maintain quality of ur pdt, try to prsnt evry unit wit spot on perfctn. For ur inconsistnt pdt perform m takng off few strs... HOPE YOUR TEAM WILL IMPROVE AND DELIVER PERFECT PDT EVERY SINGLE TIMEHeating problem is the main issue of this phone.  It has 16 mega pixel back camera but it is not upto the mark.  But the phone is stylis and has some really attractive functions.good product against priceHi, well excellent mobile.Beautiful piece...loved itGood  but it is heating upOnly wearing not a sellingPls don't buy this productGood one. Value for money.Camera Quality is to baaadaverage this mobile its okGood phone value for moneyAwesomeness redifined..!!!Awesome Mobile, Looks GoodGreat phone.... Must buy!!Gd phone delivered in timeWat a nice phone..........Low cost best mobile phoneRedmi note 3 camera quality is worst , they are saying it is 16 MP but it is not more than 5 MP :( :(i have Red mi prime 2 which is having very good camera than Note 3.Excellent Mobile from XiaomiBattery heats while Charging and if u use it for more then 20 mints u will see the heating issue. 2nd problem I faced is Finger scanner issue will unlocking ..It gets heated very fast... Overheating during cal even if u talk a few seconds.  Though phone features r good.. I am not happy as I am getting headache because of overheat during callsawesome camera with fast ram ..i have installed 53 apps  but it never hangs or it never get crashed.awesome phone in this budget i will prefer to buy this oneThe mobile is getting hanged not a good one but screen clarity and camera clarity is good when compared with Moto g 3rd gen and as well as Moto g turbo mobileBig screen good resolution, heats up some times , finger print sensor at par with the iphone sensor, drawback is only heat up and ram utilisation from its OSIt is a good phone but it is heating too much.It is very fast but when I use earphones on it it started hanging and got off after half hour it starts.I like it jab se maine dekha h ye dil me utar sa gya h.... but 3 sale k baad 4th sale haath aaya lena to 32gb wala tha but it is also superb featured mobile smartphoneprocessor: Processor is too awesome, its so fast and not any issue of hang problem i like itheat: No heat problem Like other people made a big issue,, yarr 5 ghnte baithke 2 movei ek sath dekhi kuch b heat problem nahi aayi..camera: camera is awesome but rear camera i think should more clear as said 16mp camera,  but in this auto focus feature is fantastic.battery: battery backup is gud no need to charge after full battery atleast 4 days,, (without using internet) with using atleast 2 days max.sensors are awsomeinbuilt features like applock, cleaner, security. etc. are fantasticnetwork quality is also gud...but one thing is that jisme majja nahi aya delivery krne itna time lga diya... ab kaha gyi ontime delivery..thank youThis phone is selling because of its marketing strategy.Though this phone comes with Snapdragon processor and 2 gbs of ram, its very disappointing to say its not up to its mark.I have been using this phone for the past 10 days and here are my observations.1. It does not hv a dedicated fingerprint app like coolpad not 32. The app opening time is below average3. If u abruptly close an app its hangs.4. The UI is highly customized and does not hv a dedicated on and off option in settings5.It lags after using it for few days6. The auto display brightness feature is pathetic.7. U dont get earphone and screen guard protector like u get with coolpad.8.There is no multitasking feature like u get in coolpad note 3.Final word.U can buy this but there r other phone like coolpad note 3 with offers much more feature and good performance than xiaomi note 3.Redmi note 3 gold 2GB RAM 16GB storage: this hand set is thinner, lighter and slightly shorter in length compared to Redmi Note 4G available with me. The screen display size is same as note 4G, display quality also looks same as note 4G. The finger print scanner is awesome. Available RAM in this model is only 750~850 MB out of 2GB  in normal condition/without additional apps installation. Whereas in Redmi Note 4G, after installation of all needed apps  1.1 to 1.2 GB RAM is available. Storage available is also about 8.1 GB out of 16 GB in redmi note 3. I have seen in other reviews that in 3GB RAM model only 1.1 GB RAM is available. It looks there are lots of  running bloatware in this model. From 23% to full charging takes about 2.5hrs and the battery is getting REALLY HOT, which I have never seen in Note 4G or other mobile I have used till date. I am really worried whether it will be safe to put a back cover from cooling point of view. The SIM tray consists of two slot - one dedicated for Micro SIM and the innermost slot can be used for either nano SIM or Micro SD card, but not both at the same time. Thus if two SIM are being used then expendable memory option is ruled out.Received product 2 days after quoted date. The product had reached my city 2 days before but the delivery man wouldn't deliver it until 2 days later. Delivery was an unpleasant experience. Amazon's delivery standards don't match up to other couriers.Product review: It is a beautiful device. Crafted to perfection. The attention to detail is astounding. The sim slot/ headphone jack/charging port- all are perfectly made. Despite the awful flash sale experience, I love the device. The 32 GB would have been the ultimate, but I'm happy with 16GB. Camera is good for price, don't expect g5/s7 clarity.Battery and screen and performance-top notch.Software-MIUI is good. The cloud service is awesome. No lags. I replaced it with Google launcher. I don't experience any heating issues.Go for it without any second thought. No better phone at this price point/or 2x price point. The design done so well that you can see the ports for the headphone jack,charger mics,IR all are perfectly aligned and flush with the surface.There are no sharp/protruding/ugly edges. Everything is streamlined so well with a professional touch.There are no sharp edges too.The next best thing would be Mi5.The quality of design is definitely comparable to Apple in my opinion.-From a previous Galaxy Note 3 userPlease don't listen to the people who are trolling the reviews. You can't get a better smartphone for this price. I found out a few reasons why a lot of people giving  negative reviews:1.Tech Illiteracy: Many people have no idea what a hybrid sim slot is. Atleast google it you dumb people! Also Xiaomi doesn't say 'Redmi note 3 Dual' ; anybody with decent brains can understand that. If not, you don't deserve a smartphone. What you need is cow. Go milk it for a living.2. Heating: Metal phones heat more than plastic ones.Gaming/Charging will cause heating. It is normal. You live in a hot tropical country like India and you expect your phone to be ice-like when working at full efficiency?? How much more dumb can you be? This phone has more processing power than my 3 yr old Intel Pentium dual core laptop in a form factor less than 1/10th its size. IT WILL GET HOT. But i have never experienced it heating more than 45 degree celsius.3.Indian Attitude: Being overly critical. Expecting iphone but cannot pay even 1/6th its cost.Sit and b***  about your poverty.4.Android: More than half of the people don't even know what android is other than the fact its an OS. Some geniuses think its owned by google like windows is owned by Microsoft. Ohh! God help these people.These geniuses don't know 1GB=1024MB and think manufacturers are cheating customer buy giving only 9 GB free in a 16 GB phone. TRIPLE FACEPALM.5.Android Haters: Go save your pennies are buy Apple. Why are you here?6. Use: Many people want to use it only for voice calling. My advice, go buy a Samsung Guru. It will last for a week on a single charge. Why buy this?  Some use it only for listening to FM radio/shopping/facebook/youtube.There are many more but i will stop here to avoid making it too long.Update 3 days of use:The battery just goes on and on and on. Charging is slow but that can be attributed to the large 4010 maH battery.7 hrs screen on time using 4G ,WiFi, GPS,Sync,bluetooth earphone and using no battery saver apps or options.Changed UI to TSF shell: Absolutely no lag. Its a beastChanged to 4G vodafone: No problems.Dual sim: Works, but not practical as its a hybrid sim slot. You need the 32GB expansion. for storage.Started using Mi Cloud: Setup is a breeze and all your precious data gets synced daily.Contacts,Call logs ,Messages, Apps ,Photos,Notes everything. You can access them from anywhere if you log on Mi website.Plus, it serves as a lifelong backup.Power users would love the customization this phone provides. Others can stick with iphone like MIUI interface which is easy to use.Thank you Xiaomi for bringing such wonderful devices to the Indian market and also for producing it in India and selling it at an equivalent Chinese price.The sh*t Indian mfg like micro*,kar*,lav* who sell substandard rebranded absolute crap dumb smartphones should seriously learn a lesson from Xiaomi. They should stop gimmicks like making 10000mah battery phone/ making camera like phone and start making an all-rounder phone like this with excellent design.Xiaomi knows what they are doing.They have proven hardware/software business model and it is excellent.The flash sale is very bad but its practical because this model launched in India almost along with Chinese release.It deals with the sudden demand and supply mismatch and waiting till full inventory  comes would delay Indian launch by 3-4 months which I don't want to wait.It is not easy to bring huge stocks of inventory to India where the shipment gets stuck at customs/govt red tape and  deal with tax issues of states etc and still maintain a very competitive price.If Xiaomi starts aggresive marketing rather than rely on word-of-mouth publicity and expand to offline retail space, i am very sure it will soon be the 'Apple Of India' and will be able to replicate its success in China here in India.I have got the dark grey 16gb variant on 2 nd flash sale...initial impression was good...battery backup was fantastic for the first two days..after 3 days battery started drowning very fast...phone is heating very rapidly...bad part of this mobile is network is never stable and i have keep on changing the network priorities every time when i start using internet on 4g...Speaker volume is very low..I have gone for the replacement and returned the product as i am facing same problems with new mobile also...I have ordered new gold 16gb mobile because there is no 32 gb variant available....This phone is gone two steps ahead ....Along the above mentioned issues the mobile stared hanging from day one,The mobile temperature was done upto 53 degrees at one point of time...So i made my self clear i don't want this crap mobile which mi wants to sell before they release the 32 gb variant...because they made in india..they wants to clear 16gb variant stocks..Simply this mobile wasted my timeBye bye Redmi Note 3!! Moto G4 is here... Now I don't have die trying to buy this damn phone every week on flash sales, which lasts only few seconds!!!!!Mobile worth to use. Nice camera clearity, speed, battary backup. I like fingure print reader most, secure n fast unlock.Overall i recommend this.I really like its featurebuilt quality not so goodAwesome and fast deliveryIt's value for the money.My next phone also Xiaomiextra ordinary i like it.Best mobile under 10000RsTill this date very nice.Great phone & its batteryIts really a good mobile.Nice phone at its price. Gets heated up if continuously used for games / chats.Also many shortcuts are not evident. Need to struggle to find themGood product from MIGood bodyGood battery backupAs its 16gb, we only get around 9gb for useTill now no heating issuesRating:9/10Grt device....i m using this device from lst 4 day n it is working quite well... But this 2gb variant is not ment for d power users....if u do multitasking then u hve to compromise ....otherwise it is a grt device n...it doesn't hve any other such big issues at all.... Every thng wrks awesum ....i wntd d 3gb variant n i was trying for that frm many sales...but at last i ended up with d 2gb variant n its is wrking quite well....performance is good ....n heating effect is not suchlike how  ppl portraits.....it jst heats lil bit while charging nd its nrml...not a big issue...2gb variant sometimes lag while going back to home when using heavy apps ...but for this grt device it can be compromised......its UI is vry smooth animations r too gud....if u wnt a device to flaunt thn dis is d one....go for it...n if u really wnt to flaunt with this device go for d gold variant....it really luks classy.Hi Guys, I have started to use loved Redmi Note 3 and it's amazing for overall performance and its features. No heating isssies are found as of now.Not good Xiaomi.I tried many times to get this phone bt not able to get.What is the need of flash sales.I want to buy this phone bt can't wait more.hi iam nagaraj, v bought redmi note 3 last week its front camera is not working v returned the product,but next product also came piece v got pls help us.This phone is good but his camera is not good and his better life is does not like 4050mah... It's the problem and no other problem with this phoneI got this phone in the first flash sale and I have been using this phone for more than 10 days, This is an awesome phone even if it is not ~10k. This being my first mobile phone which I bought online, I was scared a lot if I will receive any defective product as from the umpteen reviews that I read for other products, there were so many complaints on the devices, took a chance as amazon is there in case of any issues.I love the phone as soon as I opened the box. All metal - Gold colored - so big - weighs so less for the size, I can't stop describing but it is really PREMIUM. Let me try listing the features:1. UI/Touch/OS: 10/10 - feels very smooth.2. Finger print sensor: 10/10 - a deal without the sensor too, so it is a bonus.3. Speed: 9/10 - We only have close to 800mb ram free anytime, but it is very fast.4. Battery: 10/10 - No need to charge even after 2 days for normal use and charges in less than 2 hrs.5. Cameras: 9/10 - Low light photos are not so great, but this happens on nikon/canon high end cameras as well - so not sure if this is really a complaint. Need to explore with other camera apps, as the rear camera as such is definitely 16MP.6. Speakers: 8/10 - Sound is not so good.7. Heating: 9/10 - Phone gets heated but not bad so far with moderate games. Need to see with more heavy games like asphalt etc.8. IR Blaster: 10/10 - Once again this is a bonus.9. Dual sim: 9/10 - Hybrid sim slot for second sim/micro SD card - Not a problem for single sim users like me.10. Call quality/Signal: 9/10 - Very nice in catching signal, my other phones wont catch but this one does.I would not say Cons, but the following can be better:1. Clearly announce gorilla/dragontail/none for the screen.2. Marshmallow update.3. Hybrid SIM slot.4. Better speaker placement.5. App lock with finger print.Since I was not sure of the screen protection, I bought a tempered glass on amazon and for the slightly slippery body bought a case (both under 100/-) and now it is perfectly fine without compromising on the premium looks. I see lot of people giving 1 star for the camera on low light photos, even if you buy a phone just for photos it definitely deserves better. Also 16GB internal memory is filled with some preloaded apps, so you cant expect lot of free space (it was 9.2 gb free), may be try to remove the apps that you don't need.Awesome phone with great price Tag!!!!!!!Firstly I was very pleased with the phone I bought the gold 16gb model the packing was very nice. The display comes with HD quality u will feel something in your eye, it is so vibrant it will take users attraction.Camera: camera is good but not much good as expectation was high from 16MP camera.One good part of this gadget is its very readers friendly it adjust brightness automatically according to surrounding lights.Phone weight:  I never used such a light weight phone in this price range so its superb to hold the phone and study for a long you wont feel heavy. Phone Memory : In case of 16gb version internal unused space is 9gb, so much memory allocated for some pre installed app and Lollipop update. One hybrid memory card slot is there which is interchangeable with 2nd sim card no extra memory card slot is there.Battery: battery is really cool it can hold charge for 17hrs if you play high graphics games and do all day internet (3g) awesome battery backup.SIM CARD SLOT: It supports dual sim card but if u put external memory card you cannot insert 2nd sim it is the biggest disadvantage of this phone. If you are using one sim card and one external memory card phone will be a single sim phone otherwise without memory card you can use dual sim card. Think about the issue twice then buy the phone.Speaker: Sound quality is good no doubt.Only Fame, Poor Quality Phone, Camera Quality Poor, Charger Cable & Adaptor Lower Quality, Heating when Charging, Totally China Products as per qualityDon't worry about this phone. its nice and good, only problem is low heating, that too when u talking long time.Better back up is very goodAll over built Quality is not up to the markCamera produce very Blackish pictures4000 mah Battery is just an ad-hocAll over performance is badGood phone... loving it..phone gets heated quicklyCrap, making people fool. I purchased Grey color mobile and got silver color mobile stating as grey on the box.Recommend for everyone...I m using this phone last from 15 days the camera quality is really worse as never seen in such a price...Rupee value worthy for this mobile....I have been using Redmi Note 4G for more than 1.5 yrs now without any issues whatsoever. This (Redmi Note 3) promises to be better! Thanks Mi :)Great phone under this price, exelent performanceBut it could be might better in Camer with Sony/Samsung technology and with Gorilla GlassI got Redmi Note 3 in first sale... first time it charged to 100 but second time it didn't charge at all from 0%... returned the phone then got replacement. .. replacement worked for 7 to 8 days with minor avoidable issues but on 8th day it got totally hanged. I switch off and on phone then it was pressing keypad by its own. If I try to tap on one app other one opens.. totally not responding to me. Tried switch off and on many times but phone didn't respond to me at all. Finally returned this replacement phone too. Now waiting for refund... very much unhappy about this....Other unhappyness is Amazon is taking lots of time in refunding the money. They said money will be refunded in 10 working days. But it is more than 13 days now but no refunds so far... still they are saying to wait till 20th April. Any ways pathetic service by Amazon too...Smart one in smart pricePerfect mobile under 10kPerfect fit to my choiceVery Good Phone.........Best phone at this rangevery good mobile phone .Good phone chip and bestfront camera not workingExcellent in this price.Good phone at this prizeCamera quality is bad...Best phone in this rangeGood phone at this priceGreat budget smartphone.1st class handset thisPerfect...made of great!best phone at best priceAmazing phone that I gotNice mobile looking ''Superb phone @this pricenot good smartphone 1080-1920 pixel quality is less than samsung 720-1280pixel display. camera performance is too bad. and a chuiyapa sell toiI got this phone 2days back, but i seriously curse myself purchasing this phone after waiting almost for nearly a month and two unsuccessful attempts. Hugh barro is really a smart guy who knows how to fool indians smartly and we the people of great india fall into butter words of foreigners easily. The hype created by hugh barro is nowhere to be matched with the actual phone.Pros-Fingerprint is absolutely flawless and unlocks instantly which samsung doesn't have. This is the only pros of this phone.Cons-Phone looks absolutely like china phone, u won't believe a elderly person who jus uses normal phone, told me instantly y ru using the china phone. The phone build is as same as china phone and it looks like the phone is not worth more than 2k.Battery is not that goodDisplay same as china phone, jus by look at it and u ll say china phone.Available memory- 800 mb ram and 9gb internal.Heating issues.One of the worstest camera it has, i bet it is no more a VGA camera.I found the previous MIUI better than the current one. The earlier version is very simple to use.Redmi 1S is far better than this.The UI lags many times.Now either the positive reviews are fake or i ve got the wrong phone.Truly fake! This would the fourth week I was unable to get this mobile even after doing everything correctly. Flipkart flash sale was better.Xiaomi is truly killing it with this phone. It truly lives up to its features. Trust me can't ask for anything more at this unbelievable price range. Lighting fast touch better than those 25k phones out there. Lovely interface, highly customizable UI with a rich metal finish. Have been using this phone for the past 4 days now it gives me great battery life. The rear camera is a bit disappointing while the front camera is pretty decent.Was a bit concerned about the negative reviews but none of them seem to be bothering me as device doesn't really lack on anything. It can get a bit warm but that's fine for a device which is backed by so many features.Final verdict go for this power-packed performer at any cost.PS: this is not a paid review ;) a true xiaomi fan!  Have fun!It's getting so heat....Mobile data was not working and xiaomi customer care on phone was not helpful. It was taken to xiaomi store and new software was installed.Really it's not up to the specification and when I runna game it hangs and I cannot able to insert headphone pin fully into the audio jack.Very poor stregey by both Amzon & Xiaomi. I m register it 4times bt not buy. The believe on amzon it break now.not a single star given by meSuperb phone with all feature under this budget except the heating part while charging the phone is just awesome & 2nd flaw no headphones.GoodgoodNicegoodNasesuprokayGoodGoodGoodGoodawsmGoodBestfineniceBestniceGoodgood but over heating mobile just after small use....and one more problem is there here this 16 GB internal storage and one sim card and one memory card otherwise no memory card only two sim cards im very sad after purchasing this phoneValue for money productDumfries TV kalsu inkedIts hot while charging.Very hap vth this phoneBest mobile other brandreasonably good productsuper mobo this is bhaiEconomically Good phoneThe product is excelentSuperb phone great one.Good service n reliableWonderful and marvelousIts reyali naice ......Excellent one. Loved itVery good I love amozonGood buy at this price.Mobil is OK not a vgoodCamera Quality not goodGood one, no comparisonVery bad camera qualityNaam Bade aur darsan chote. very poor camera quality both front & back. look is also not very good. phone hangs while playing HD games.Easily the the best smartphone for this price segment.Pros:Battery life (4050 mah) it survives close to 30-35 hours with mobile data/wifi enabled all time.Display (on par with AMOLED), Resource utilization (RAM allocation and multitasking seems to be very swift. No lags so far. tried using upto 8 apps at the same time.Full metal body makes it look like the elite phones (likes of the iphones and samsungs league)Finger print recognition is absolutely great with quick response.Cons:Apparently the phone gets heated up during charge. (Does not heat up while using it though)Xiaomi seriously needs to increase their inventory. Getting this device is such a pain in the a$$ though.But trust me, its totally worth the trouble :)Worst product don't buywow its amazing productThe phone finger print scan is super quick. The phone feels premium in hand.. The only issue I felt is it gets heated up when chargingAll features r nice.Camera is ok as comapre to price.Fingerprint sensor is very accurate. Always Mi's 1080p HD screen is awesome....This is the worst phone by mi. Phone got switched off just after few hours of receiving and doesn't start initiated a replacement. Again I have received a new phone this time phone doesn't catch 3g/4g networks and only showing 2g. This time I have asked for a refund to Amazon. Shame on Amazon India for promoting sucha a cheap product and sending defective pieces to their customers.hybrit sim slot make it disappointed, either u use 2 sim or 1 sim with SD card.....phone battery is not removable it is inbuilt.worst camera like 2 mpPicture Quality not up to the mark, Recording is not good. Above all I wanted to buy 3GB RAM handset, but forced to buy this one.on 7th april with extra amount paid i got the product on 10 pm and next morning the product is blank..the product is deffective..Hi friends,It's awesome mobile battery is superb it is very long lasting. It works very long and the screen is too good it has a very active light sensor it also works very good and I get notification that your mobile will come in 13-15days but it reached my home in two&half day.Important, read it very perfectlyOn getting up the phone after doing settings you are not able to open play store at all. It's my suggestion (you have to follow).you have to add your Google account first only when you firstly open power on the phone. And if you forgotten to open Google account firstly then don't be panic. Reset four phone and then start your Google account via WiFi or sim net......Thanks friendJeet. U. Suchakmy best phone till nowGud model phone for miThis price no 1 mobileNice phone it was aswmNot reliable, dont buyIt's a must buy phone.Battery heat of chargeExcellent, go for it !Nice phone awesome....Good but not very goodGood...value for moneyNice phone from XiaomiKing of the market....best phone under 10000Mobile heating problemnot as per expectationi felt it is a good product but eventually i am feeling that this mobile is ok. Battery performance is going down day by day.The phone is not as great as it was project. But ok considering the pricing. The gold colour is not that attractive.I got this phone on 11 april.  I found a problem in it,  sometimes accelerometre didnt work while playing asphalt8.  Suddenly my phones tilt fuction did not work and my car used to go straight.hope u all got the problemThen.  I booked a replacement order on 15th april and u guys wont believe amazon took me 1 month to replace it after 15 day talking with customer care.  And u know guys i am facing the same problem in this replaced phone.... But now i dont dare to replace this or go to service centre.  Ab kisi bhi tarah is phone ko khel raha hu. Kyunke ab mere andar na to amazon aur na hi xiomi ki service ko jhelne ki takat hai.  Guys by this phone on ur own risk.... Ye registration karke phone bechna sab chutiya banana hai.AWESOME phone.Nice CameraNice Battery Back UpNIce Call QualitySuper build qualityIf I would have got 32 GB, I would have rated *****I Think Xiaomi people are cheating their genuine customers.......I had ordered this as a gift, but even after 1 replacement the product I received was defective. Did not charge properly.Heating problem,bad touch,overall a pathatic phone...dont go for this...Amazon is selling cheap stuff...done with #amazon1. Common slot of sim and Memory card2. Need key to open sim try3. camera quality is not as per specificationI have ordered the phone on flash sale and Amazon delivered it in 3 days . Amazon Rocks !!This is a superb phone in this price range . Excellent build quality . Smooth UI and good sound .Battery is awesome and I have not experienced any heating issue till now . This will definitely beat any phone in 25k range.Blindly go with this and you wont regret . Why go with over priced phones just for the sake of brand name ? will get everything a modern smartphone can offer in Redmi note 3  .  I have been using Lg G2 then G3 and thought of buying this when both broke. I am happy that I bought this instead going with other expensive phones.Don't by this phone,it can be used as heater while charging,internet problem,battery performance is not as expectedEvery thing is fine except Sim slots means either u use dual Sim or one Sim with memory card and u don't get ear phones.Excellent battery backupNo heating problemCamera is not up to the markSound in speakers is outstandingexcellent in  speed & awsome  fetures and looks, smoothnessbattry lyf is very good.i love this phone.Cons.. Camera cud b better, glass protection not there, slippery, rest all OK battery, speed, resolution .  Overall OK.Good phn in gud priceYes,it a good productNice phone below 10,kexcellent Smart PhoneVery  bad experieenceawesome in low budgetOverall it is not badGood quality product.It is awesome  phone.Nice performing phoneVery good performancebest budjet selactionAs expected very goodHappy with the prductCamara result is poorOne of best under 10kEverything is perfectIt is a good phone...Very good performanceIts literally boilingWaiting for next saleNice phone under 10 kNice one..m loving itNice and fast phone .Good value for money.This is awsom productIt's a good productsNot at all satisfiedBest phone in 10,000Awesome Phone by Xiaomi..Got Mobile for Just Rs.9250.I have been using this phone since one month.It Heat up some time if i playing Game & Using Internet.(Heating is not a Big Problem All Phone Heat)Superb Camera.& finger Print Sensor work Good.Sound Quality Good In Headphone Awesome Sound Quality by Mi.(Me using One Plus One Silver Bullet Earphone:- http://amzn.to/1WhY5Gn)Battery is a beast I can say, With a full charge on 4G and Music,movies it is lasting around 1 and half day.& IR balster is great.Follow this link if you Missed Flash Sale Me also Got Redmi Note 3 by this:- try script for buying redmi note 3 :[...]Isi flash sale ne users ko banaaya "Bakraas"Bakhee ke baathe poore "Bhaqwass"Bevkuf bana rahe heGood phone, good specs for this price. Good camera too, again, bear in mind the price.For 10k, ive got a 5.5'' screen, good cam, good battery, fast phone and good display. Also, the finger print sensor is very accurate and convenient to use. You can also this to take a pic, which is a small but thoughtful feature.The phone does heat up slightly while charging. I doubt you could have a good gaming experience, but since i dont play games, i wont face an issue. So if you're a gamer, rethink the choice.Overall, I'm very happy with the phone, software and interface could be better, but no complaints. looks good, is user friendly and is definitely value for money. :)Ok... I purchased letv le 1 for their sheer looks, specs ,phone was lasting half day only, software isnt optimised, horrible experience in short, ok having used rn 4g didn't want rn3 but left nochioice oredered this rn3 16, Amazon took 6 days to deliver, guy wasn't supportive, anyways used for 6 days display is good, battery gr8 lasts 1.5 days( ya you read right), miui soft.. Rockstable, network fine, using 4g,3g,2g voda... BUT BOOTLOADER IS LOCKED. Hmmm being senior member in xda this is pain in ...., unlocking  is very difficult, xiaomi is trying hard to curtaile down customers with this verry bad move, if ur not going to install custom roms/ root this is best phone in 10 k , oh cam is average.I used mobile for monthThere are no issues found except while charging the phone gets heated up to 45 degrees...why r u not putting 32gb variant, I Didn't expect it from amazon and MI boycotting both foreverExcerpt for a great battery, solid build quality and okayish camera, this phone is too laggy and hangs a lot. The temperatures can make u wonder if it needs a water cooling mechanism. I thought these were peculiar problems and got it replaced. The replacement also has the same issues. So I guess it's the model as such at fault.Multitasking fails severely and makes me wonder how the hell it has 2 GB RAM !!! Having used infocus m530 and auxus beast, phones of lesser known companies, this mobile is really slow and can be compared to the internet explorer of browsers in Terms of speed....  Only positive in day to day usage is the battery that will last a day under super heavy usage.I generally don't like to write reviews but this phone made me to do so.First things first. As always it was shipped on the same day. Quick service.Packing was Worst and I mean it. Lot of improvement needed in that area.Let's come to the phone. I felt like touching a piece of gold. Yes. The phone is very good to hold n use. I checked everything related to it n I can guarantee that iPhone is nothing compared to it. Now by this single line u should understand what I mean. So don't waste time n go for it.Totally waste of money.... don't ever think to buy. ... also Amazon is cheating us... I will expose them soonYesterday received note 3. Everything thing is good,  but after inserting memory card,  sim card is not recognised.no network shown in both sims.. Not detecting sim..if two sim card are inserted then show no servicesIts getting hanging itself...some time desktop got blacked when calls are coming...dont know how long it will run.Camara is not good.VERY WASTE PRODUCT PLEASE DONT BUY.. CAMERA WORST... NO CLARITY.... DABBA  MOBILES ARE BETTER THAN THIS MOBILE...Good product and timely delivery.Wil update further details after some use. As of now perfect for 10k rangeGreat phone. Had a little problem at first, when inserting both sim at the same time there was no Signal/network but it works fine when i insert only one sim on either of the slot. Had to reboot the device after inserting one Sim on Slot 1, remove Sim and put Sim it on Slot 2 and reboot. And after that put both the sim and works!!Build Quality is superb, Phone runs smoothly, Battery is excellent. Camera is decent but could have been betterOverall, best phone in the price range! Go for it!!I bought this in one of the flash sales for my cousin , the product is pathetic like hell - terrible heating issues. Only after purchasing did i notice the bad reviews people gave for this phone in GSMArena because of the heating problems :( Please dont buy this untill Xiaomi provides a SW update/patch for this. And i am disappointed for Amazon , for which this product is a step back in its otherwise electronics portfolio. I replaced the product once and now thanks for Amazon's customer centric policy, i have submitted a refund request. Hope the refund goes through just fine.Note 3 bought on flash sale . Not charging. Replacement window closed . Made in India or Made a Fool , dont knowHi,Just now i am able to buy this phone. I am eagerly waiting for the product to receive.PhaniPhone is OK OK not so good as per the hype .got 2 GB ram phone .Camera is worst not even 8 Mp clarity .worst service replaced the phone now these people sent me silver insted of goldProduct is ExcellentGood Phone i like itVery good experiencePhone is not workingGood phone I like itNice and good mobilevery good phone.....Not that great phoneGood worth the priceit is not good pieceI love this product.So far so good... :)Good Value for moneyGood Quality productGood Phone under 10kGreat one... Awesomevery smart and good.Nice product from miPlz include handfreeIt is good phone but ram for working is only 700mb. May be after some apps download it will reduce up to 300mb.it's really getting heat up and bit of hanging problem too.... plz tell me what to do with that kind of problemAwesome phone, performance was good.Display superbCamera quality is good.Worth for the money.M purchase this mobile but more heating problem create no range problem this mobile nd hard disk problem createCamera  quality is not good and use only one sim and SD card ..as compare to yureka phone is good this producti m vry big fan of redmi eariler i had note4gnd nw this one its most dif frm others phne  its features nd stung display nd camera could b beter thn it has..btry is jst awsm sm tyms it get hot bck side while chrngng because its made of matlic body!!nd the heatng is ohkk in evry phne it has.i m a game player of on9 games big graphics nd 1-2gb games......i  m givng my review using it 5 days its jst awsm touch display looks wise all is grt........in 10000 budget phne its awsmdnt hestaie jst buy it phne for all young youth!!!!....a bowww to redmi3 awsm set..!!nd dnt go to fake reviews its is al s*** nd other brand tricks cheap one..hehheeeits getting hanged & there are problems in its software, battery is good but camera doesn't seems to be 16 mpevery thing is good but 1 more slot needs to be inserted. so that one can use dual sim as well as memory cardPreviously we had redmi 2,it was working well.but this one ....so bad .Internet is not connecting wid any simitz getting heatedNice smooth phone.Fake fake fake.Fake mobile.......camera not good, battery heat ,display cheaper, I don't like this mobile ,hang problems...Not recommended due to heating problem while using and while charging. I sold it and delivery is also poor..Good and worthwhile.Camera is of 16MP but no zoom in/out option. Camera is poor in moderate and low light..Such a best phone I seen ever.it has fast charging feature. i brought this on 10 march. delivery is in timeproduct sold with 16 GB internal memory but in actual it has only 10 GB and also not work during charging.Looks like a cheap product though. Not the right shade of Gold. Doesn't look classy. Amazing battery life.I was interested in buying 32 GB GOLD 3 GB  but I bought this because of non availability of 32 gb device.Useless waste my internet data.. in one sec all model sold open on same time when start the saleVery poor quality only working in good condtion for few days. After that it start malfunctioningWhen I have opened the pack...redmi note 3 is not to start after all efforts....its shocking...i guess there is problem with flash lite.... it is in  yellow color becoz of that pic is not coming good.I have been using this from the last 10 days. It is very good at this price level. The call quality is not so good and also the screen color are not very vivid. Back camera is good in day light. Overall worth the price.Pros: Looks  Battery  finger print scanner is quite sensitive.Cons: Two sims without additional storage or single sim with additional storage  Call quality is not very crisp  Data network disconnects too frequently  Ringer volume is not very loud for outdoor.  Colors on the screen appears faded.  MIUI 7 occupies too much space and eats away more than 1gb ram.awsam phone heplease don't buy this phone. worst product from mi, having lot of defects. save your 10,000/-.Fantastic beast !! No heating , No lag, Awesome metal body, Accurate finger print sensor.. :) Awesome !!Too good I liked itNice n Good featursPhone is very smartAbove expectations.Awesome product...!It is good ........1 Number... go ahedSuperb Phone.... :)So very nice n goodBrought 3rd phone..Nice smart phone...nice phone worth itVery poor productNice Phone by Xiomi..some issue with heating problem..front camera not so good...overall a good productspeaker problemGreat features for small price but Display is not good. Sometimes screen is freezing while navigating.Well I've been trying to get xiaomi redmi note 3 since 16th March waited for all sales like a fool so frustrated with this useless flash sales and most awesome thing happened....My father got frustrated too and ultimately he gave me another 11k and insisted to buy one plus 2 it's  a big lolz on xiaomi actually its not worth one star too but that is for awesome specs which well you can't buy thanks to one plus and xiaomi try quitting this flash sale system as one plus did with its invite system you lost one fan I hope you take care of others...Phone is ok ok.touch is not so responsive.returned due to error after software update.  Nice product.Only heating issue is faced by me.One more thing that RAM is a bit over occupied always.Its a  crap...xiaomi india making fools of indian customers...they r not selling their mobile phonesI got it one mobile before 2 days internal storage only 10 GB and heavy heating problem.I impress from above mobile, but 1 drawback, headfone are along with a mobile, why not getting sameWhy the phone Heating ???If the software issue , please give a best update for resolution....WowSD card cant be inserted if u use a second sim. A crucial draw back of  cell phone of this price..Horrible handset, even after changing, problem exists, any1 from amazon can help me sort dis issueGreat amazing feeling to see my favorite redmi note 3 ....thanks to cloudtail for fast delivery...WiFi not workingI am trying to buy this phone but the sale is fake I am clicking on add to cart it doesnt respondDon't buy this mobile bcoz camera's bad results and also storage problem if you buy 16gb varients.camera results same as redmi 1s like 8 megapixel rear camera.only battery is good otherwise all bad .Excellent mobile !It could be betterGood budget phone.Very good product.Excellent phone...Product is awesomeAwesome experienceGood performance..Camera is not goodIts good .......:)Very good mobile..Nice volte supportJust received the phone and when we ond it the phone ain't working the touch is entirely goneHi All,This phone is not pure Volte supported As only voice calls are working fine on Volte network but while switching to video its showing error" Could not update to video" and while making direct video call volte to volte no. again getting error "Call Ended " within 1 sec.I called to Xiomi customer care and they dont know what is volte calling they said sir which application you are using for video calling that is unexpected from their technical team .If your are looking for pure VOLTE supported phone then dont buy this phone.Thanks!Excellent phonebook this modelGood Value For Money.....Both Camera is superb... Good for low light.Good design and interface.Good response,No slow and stuck ever.No need to install security and privacy app from G play. Its already in the pack. Apps are Protected with fingerprint scanner.Sim slot is disappointing......we cannot insert both dual sim and a memory card in same time.Slot 2 support only sim/sd card.Phone is heating little bit while using multiple apps continuously...Heating while on putting charge, some times...Very good phone ..  I really  am impressed  with this phone.. Regarding  hardware,  camera, interface, call quality, battery  etc.  Other specifications  you can read from xiaomi  website..I just saw Hugo Barra launch vedio of redmi  note  3 and decided  to buy it. I wanted 32gb version but got 16gb version. I am using  both Sim with memory  card of 32gb  if you want to install  all 3 in hybrid  Sim slot you can learn  from various  vedio on YouTube...People  stop posting negative  reviewsJust because  you didn't  got phone  on sale days..Looking good,Some times mobile was suddenly struck.When reboot coming normally.i am no satisfied with redmi mi note 3 16 GB because want buy only 32GB phoneExtremely good in all aspects except camera. Go for it blindly if you are not photo lover.This mobile is very over heat with in 30 min using mobile and camera clarity was very bad.The device got switch off after 2 weeks. How they are doing the quality control of deice.Sale de na te drama karde ne adda kidda kohinoor heera eh loka da bewkoof bana rahe ne ehThe pho e is excellent but the avaibility and to buy is just similer to an moron activityExcellent Product in every aspect,  except camera.  Hoping an update patch may improve itFake sale ..It's good...Very good productVery good productLovelllllly phonevery good handsetNet work not goodExcellent productVery good productphone are hangoutvery good qualityGood future phoneGood phone 5 starsome software bugkhub bhalo phontaGood one enjoyingLook is very goodIts realy owesomeGood phone to buya wonderful phonevery good productExcellent productGood set by redmiI book this phonenow to pay MobileGr8 phone at this amount. camera could be more better but at this range still satisfied.hate dis phoneCamera is westNice phone...  tacky to operate in starting but iys good except the heating issues.....Brightness is low, screen size is low comparisons to lenovo note4,camera quality is lowyeah this phone heats up, if u say its a defect, u dono anything about functionality of phones. yeah some samsung phones gets heated up at battery and drains. This phone doesnt heats up at battery, only the processor heats up. The processor in this phone is highly efficient and one of the fast processors in the mobile world. Turn of the performance mode to avoid heating up. i am using this for 6 month and its working so good. There is no problem with phone on heating up. Actually its good. UI is very much customizable, and awesome.super past net. super camer. suuuuper battery totaly worthfull. thanks to redmy note3.Over all good product in price range...still few bugs...like if u r on fb messanger  or even any other app and in between a whatsapp message comes,ur key pad will b directed to whatsapp..Proximity sensor issues...i m not sure,if i changed any settings there..Hope the proximity sensor issue is sort out soon...If others dont have issue with proximity sensor, guide me to change settings( if needed)At times finger print sensor doesnt work..Used and defective..selfi camera is not function ing....peace deliveredProduct is awesome....Battery life is tremandous. Give backup of Almost 3 days (without internet access).REAR camera quality is excellent at this price.Front camera is below average in my point of view.*sometime when you insert earphone then it will hang and after pressing the power button of almost 10 sec than this will again starts.Sound quality is awesome.Overall clearly said- set design and performace is very nice with the rear camera quality,great battery backup.I'll give 3.5 stars.Excellent phone, fastest delivery, recommend to all A+++++Camera not satisfactory both except this everything is good ,battery really work wellRedmi is just trying to make a fuss out of it. Nothing great about this phone as there are many other phones with 2GBRAM/16GB ROM at better price. This sale is just a business strategy to fool people by selling limited sets.Coming to the phone. It has reasonably good looks. However heating is a MAJOR ISSUE. I believe metal body is aiding to this cause.it is fair product in the price range.However,It is heating too much while charging.Awesome phone... But gets heated when it s kept for charging which is only drawback.AMAZING PHONE....TOTALLY ITS ONLY ONE SUPERB WHICH WE ARE GETTING IN CHEAPEST COSTS.Nice phone I bought today only when I got I found it's ONinside the box but kkA total value for money item.Excellent design,great camera and amazing build qualityI am using this phone from 2 months and here i come with a full review.I am a rough user of phones. So if u r also so please first purchase a hard cover from your near by Market.1 Looking wise this phone is awesome. It gives us iphone 6 gold feeling (20% feel). Design is amzing but if u do not attach back cover its *too slippery* to hold. I dropped about 5-6 times bcs of this slippery back side of the phone.2. Screen is good for games and movies but the screen do no hav any glass protection so if u do not attach a tampered glass on it may causes scratches on the screen if u mistakenly put screen on the floor or ground the small sand partcles causes no. OF scratches on screen.3. As i said i am a hard gaming user and a rough user so if u install large games and no. Applications on the phone due to this MIUI phone lags too much some times u have to kill apps and clear the cache or sime times u have to reboot the phone. While playing games this phone do not lags but sometimes while using Snapchat insta and other apps it lags too much but very less  no. Of moment u have to face this probOtherwise battery is awesome, internal additional features makes this phone unique in 10k price range. In this range i think u cannot find another batter phone than thisThis phone is really an awesome phone. I selected it seeing it's specifications and on use, I find nothing of the  sort to criticize the same. Processor is superb, both the SIM slots support VOLTE, resolution is crystal clear and the sound is also perfect. Only,  it seems to me that the camera could have been a little better. Thanks Xiaomi for introducing such a good product and also AMAZON for bringing this product to us.Very Goodusing 2 sims and 1 memory card at the same time is not possible.Amazon service is good......but phone camra qulity is low...in night module....Nice phone in this rangeHeating problem is there when the phone is in chargingVery big heating problemCell gets heldupGets too hotNot satisfied with productSolid phoneNicei think its goodAfter many days of use what i found is the phones does get heated up when on 4G and battery drains fast. After i switched to 3G not much heating issue and battery lasts a day easily. Charging from 0 % to 100% take approx 3hours. Didnt found any hanging issue and fingerprint lock is really robust. For this price tag its best buy.The phone is perfect for the price range. After 1 month of use gives tremendous power backup. The display,processing and response are fast. Camera could have been better.Value for moneydont even think to buy it....im facing network problem from 10th day....if cell is turn off or u turn to flight mode after turn on u will face network problm then u have to turn on turn off cell,remove sim put Sim,after try this for 1hour u will receive network so plz don't think off buying it....ExcellentIts suprb..nd best phone in low budgetFacing so much issues in phone.  Heating problem is major. Don't buy it.This thing is about as fragile as a wine glass.i dropped it once and the phone literally shattered.and I mean pieces.entire display is broken along with the rim.this is the 1st time im seeing a phone this fragile.and its 15days old.and im guessing replacing the display will be like 75% price of the whole phone.Very low quality.Processor is gud,battery lives for 1day,16mega pixel camera not too gud..Looks like 5mp...Selfie camera s gud..Fingerprint sensor works wellNo hanging problem after upgrading to latest version...niceheating issue otherwise its fine at this price range!!This is mobile is exactly that you can expect in Price Range of 12K.It is performing far better than the contender upto 15K.The only week point i see is CAMERA. Xiomi commits it to be 16MPX, however, quality of picture doesn't  are equivalent to 13MPX. Good part is that Dual-Tone FlashWORTH BUYING IF YOU ARE NOT PHOTO FREAKGreat product. Very speedy serviceYes ...This Phone is awesome. All the features are good.This is a great phone in low Budget Segment. As per market knowledge i will suggest this phone to my friends and Co workers .But the thing is that xiaomi is selling their phone in every Wednesday and flash sale basis so some people are having trouble. so please do open sale..superI want to give a honest & detailed review of RN3 after using it for 1 week. I have the 3gb RAM / 32 gb version (gold !! ofcourse ). The delivery speed was moderate.The highlight of the Redmi Note 3 is it packs a hexa-core Snapdragon 650 processor (four Cortex-A53 cores clocked at 1.4GHz and two Cortex-A72 cores clocked at 1.8GHz). Other specifications of the smartphone are 5.5-inch full-HD 1080x1920 pixels IPS display and offers 178-degree viewing angle. It runs MIUI 7 based on Android Lollipop and supports dual 4G SIM cards (Micro + Nano).PROS1. Build Quality : (8.5 /10)  Great looks & build quality considering the price range (gold variant really catches the eye). The product is very slim & surprisingly light wieght.2. Battery life : (10/10)  It sports a whopping 4050 mAh battery which will last for 2 days of normal use. If u use 3g or 4g internet or WiFi,it will last for atleast a day. It will charge to 100 % within 2.5 to 3 hours.3. GPU : (9/10)  It has Adreno 510, which is one notch lower than what's present in the flagship Snapdragon 820 chip. In AnTuTu benchmark, i got an average of 74,303 which is higher than many high-end phones based on the Snapdragon 810.4. SIM card slot :  It has a hybrid card slot in which one is a microsim slot & other is either a sim (nano) or a microSD card slot. I use two sim's & got no issue with it (works fine without any problem).5. Display : (9/10)  The display in this phone is very crisp with 1920 x 1080 pixels resolution IPS display.It sports 403 ppi pixel density. The viewing angle is very good. The new feature " night mode " with blue light filter works absolutely brilliant.The notification colour can be changed which is a nice feature.6. Software : (9/10)  The phone ships with MIUI 7, their native OS based on Android  Lollipop.The Theme Store app has a pretty good selection of free themes.There's also a lite mode for those looking for a simplified interface, and a child mode that lets you restrict which apps your children have access to when you let them play with your phone.Xiaomi has incorporated a one-handed mode, which you can enter or exit by simply swiping right from the capacitive Home button.7. Performance : (9.5/10)  It works incredibly faster, thanks to the A72 chips.I did not find any slugginess till now. No issues while doing multitasking.On average, you have about 1GB of free RAM available if you only have a single app running.8. Fingerprint sensor : (9.5/10)  It works marvellous.It does unlocks the phone in milliseconds.Using fingerprint, we can customize different featurs.CONS1. Camera : ( 8/10 )  The Xiaomi says RN3 has 16 MP camera but it is fairly like a 13 MP camera. I won't say much about camera as there are many reviews about this.2. Expandable storage limited to 32GB which is a sad thing.3. Battery not removable.4. No NFC.5. MI Remote app requires internet to work. But i think they opted it for the size that the app may take.CONCLUSION :The RN3 is really an excellent option if u r buying a phone under 10k. It does give a premium look & perform very well.Value for money : 9/10Overall Rating : 8/10nice mobile but camera is week as it is 16 megapixel not upto mark it is 13 megapixel front camera is good touch is ver nice and pixel is very good  and hd nice to see movie and gamesVery fast and smooth. But heating issue while charging.Good mobile. Disadvantage is we cant use  2 Sim with Memory card on sametimeExecellent work done by u.Good phone i am using it for last seven days there is no problem at all phone running very well no lag no heating problem while heavy gaming but i think that 3GB model will be better choice because if you install lots of apps or games than more than 90% ram will use that may cause phone lagging or other problem.I have tried for 3 GB ram model two times but i don't get the company should available more 3GB model so every person that is interested to buy this model don't depress.Overall a nice phone feeling premium in your hands not cheap phone so if you want to buy a nice budget phone but not having so much money in your pocket then don't think just go for it.Is not that sturdy.. Too big n most importantly did not read sim card idea n bsnl too ...Cam quality is not that g8 as should be fir 16 mgpl.When clicked on back button some sound of shallowness comes from within!!!Gud for the price. Working as a single sim mobile.Because of not supporting dual sim along with external memory. Camera picture quality is poor for inside useAwesome phone..review is not required at all..just loving itnow aftre using this device over 4 days it is a excellent deal.the flash sale was not annoying at all . you just need to have a good internet connection and pre entered your address details.talking 1 about the phone the looks are awesome.i must say its looks are better than the letv le 1s(my personal experience over the two phones)2 the specs are as good as like ios or android device. thanks to miui 7.1.0.13 the new update roll out.the camera is better definately than the letv.ltv had a very bad exposure in the day light but hdr on redmi is good.it takes cool pictures3 fingerprint is very fast and accurate also.4 phone griping is also good.it doesnt slip out of hands .the sound is also good5 battery is awesome.it just took me 150 min to completely charge from 0-100 % and it last for more than 2.5 days ,as i am  a great game lover.just donot think .buy it .worth every  penny.just be fast in flash sale and keep on waiting in waiting list.i also managed one in waiting lis.i personally had redmi note 3 gold 16 gb variant.Very bad this phone internet connectivity very poor...waste of moneyI want 32gb but unfortunately I lost.... NY ways I'm happy with 16gbis this some kind of a sick joke!!! trying it since last 5 times nothing happens!!!Awesome features considering the price point.And yes a smooth lag free performance.Defected product received. Fingerprint scanner not working properlysuperb phoneif you budget of under 10000 this is the best buyThree 3gb ram means system get heat it is after small device Every one is choosing this mobile in internet also it is best mobile below 10000-12000 but believing on the product and brand ready to buy but after using the piece no one is satisfied from heart mi make a name don't make foolish phone for public after earning hardly money economy people prefer to buy better mobile find a good result for this small issuesFront camera is toooo worest and back camera is also not like 16 MP it`s like 8 MPI ordered REDMI NOTE 3 GOLD 16GB  on 23-03-2016..and I got this mobile after 23hours...exactly 24-03-2016 @ 1:45pm...I am very excited got this mobile....camera and battery life is awesome...I am really happy for this deal...I thank MI India & flashsaletricks.......awesome phoneAwesome phoneDecent Buy...Ok phone onlyVery bad experience .... can't believe this phone is being rated as the best budget phone.It is defective..the hotspot and mi drop always remain on and change their status automatically.mobile data also switches on and off by itself and is really very problematic and irritating.Overall phone was good but this is a really bad defect and wasn't cured by the OTA.Would recommend DO NOT BUY THIS.excellent mobileVery Nice MobileNot as per rangeits a nice phoneNice Product....Value for money.Nice andriod mobNice cool MobileJust lovin it!!!Very good mobileAwesome Phone :)awesome..love itBest buy of 2016its a good phoneGood smart phonevery nice phone. No problem. Easy and nice to use. All features are excellent....What's app and other app is not working due to bug but overall experience is goodBattery backup disappoints meAnd wifi is not working properly heating issueIts just classy best cam best screen best performance just go for it its too goodpurchased on 6 April... nd got a delivery on 11 april.. camera is not good according its pixels....nd clicks pics of almost 6 or 5 mb which is too much becoz the quality of pics is like  a camera phn having 8 mp camera... so for this phn is not for camera lovers.... only megapixel counts are bigger not quality....  looks are decent nd fingerprint sensor is amazing...  and battery is also good... the only lack is in its camera so we can say over all phn is ok ok...  this review is after 2 day use....I really love it, feels better for the price, gifted it to my mom, she loves it.Phone features are good and attractive.  There is an issue with auto rotate feature which happens at least twice everyday.  You need to manually disable the rotate and then again switch on after a minute to work properly.  Else restart the phone.  Also WiFi range needs to be extremely good for strong signals.  My earlier Samsung phone had better signal on WiFi.  Overall for the price it's good enough.Its describe that it is dual sim with expendable memory.. After purchase you have used only as ( SIM + SIM) OR (SIM + Memory card) No (SIM + Sim + SD card) .. so there is only 2 slot.. It is simply MI cheating and hidden thing which they should discribe in promo as well as while purchase.Please do not buy if you are looking dual sim with sd support same time it doesn't work in this phone.HiNot satisfied with camera quality poor quality , Heating is also problem ,call quality also poor word not listen clearly Go for another product not buy if you want take selfie its third class, Heating  some time And one more major issue sim card activation mostly it reject sim  and every time you connect internet and registered that sim, no memory for contact only options to share with mi account means your contact share with mi, if you still buy Guys you are really upgrade your skills Thanks.Jitna expectation tha xiaomi se , iska performance utna bhi achcha nhi he guys.Phone is okay not as good as it is hyped. Rear camera is not good as 16 MP camera should be front is fine though. I felt cheated when Phone shows 11 GB internal memory(only 9 GB can be used) as opposed to the claimed 16 GB storage. Without installing any external apps or setup gmail accounts which needs sync, it shows 900 MB ram free. Won't recommend to anyone. Samsung is way better then this.The phone is not as per the brand of MI.Seems like many design flaws on it.1. If you activate the airpalne mode and again deactivate it after few minutes the network goes permanetly.2. Phone heats randomly .3.Camera quality is very por.Worst camera...it is said dat it have 16 mp but 8mp its givingI got defective piece phone's volume button not working very heat in charging.As always Amazon delivery amazing.reached before time given.coming to phone,just blown away with the looks and spec.everything is perfect.the most perfect thing I like about this is battery,it's 4000 mah and plus no heating issue no lag.whoever is planning to buy a new phone get this one you won't regret it.Till now (only 2dY use) d product seems to b gd no heating issue except while charging......,poor ram management .....n i think camera needs to b better slightly ........all other features r good fingerprint scanner , build quality , battery n performance ;( not tasted d gaming)! Is awesome !!!!!!...........d ui is also smooth ....no such lag noticed tilll amazon service is also goodHi,I bought the phone thru olx... Initially I faced the second sim signal connectivity issues with Tata docomo.  Once I update I am able to connect both Sims using airtel  n idea...Heating  - observed  heating around 40c while charging.....But liked the mobile fingerprint future a lot....With latest firmware... You don't have issues....Superb phoneThe deal is available but can't add to the cart.. The button isn't availableThe phone is good i would say an average phone you cannot compare it with other high end phones. unfortunatly i had to get a replacement because of finger print sensor not working.I am not sure but if any one is aware about it or not. Just want to inform every one that this phone Supports CDMA SIM card i am currently using it with Reliance CDMA.ThanksVERY VERY GOOD PRODUCT. GREAT LOOKING. NICE METAL BODY NICE COLOUR.PROSGreat looks and build qualityVivid displayStrong CPU performanceVery good battery lifeCamera is average but great at this priceFingerprint is very fastSound clarity is goodCONSExpandable storage limited to 32GBCamera could have been betterNo earphonesHeating is high but all octacore processor phones heating so much.Here in this site I found lots of people gave 1 star of because they dnt know how to purchased from flash sales i used this phone for almost 7 days except little bit of heating it's a very good budget phone to for it guys!!!!The phone is heating like a oven at the time of charging and battery backup is not at all good. It is draining like anything even in standalone mode without any calls and internet usage.It is not lasting more than 24 hours. Not sure how the battery operation will be when I start to use all the applications in my phone :(. I heard that MI phones are cheap and good but my first experience is not at all good with MI. Planning to return the product by waiting one more day.Awesome lookingSize is too bigvery good phoneNice features..Camera not goodvery nice phoneGood features .The next level.Value for moneyHeating problemvalue for money,GOOD BATTERY LIFESometimes after switching the mobile data connection ON,phone was unable to connectCamera is worstVery good phoneGood Product...Excellent phoneGood experienceFantastic phoneCharger prablamExcellent phoneExcellent phoneVery cool phoneNice Product...Iyz always massExcellent phoneNice ,satisfiedcamera not goodWorth buying...Just amazing...simply suttebleAmazing feturesAwesome phone..Super product..super mobile...Wow kam me bumbultimate @10000Excellent phoneValue for moneyVery good phoneBest smartphoneVery good phoneVery nice phoneValue for moneysupper phone...Value for moneybrilliant stuffStorage space is insufficient. After a call it switched off automatically.This mobile phone is excellent...I recommend everyone to purchse this mobile phone who have to purchese mobile phone below 10,000 So please everyone buy this mobile phone... It has 16 M.P. rear camera and 5 M.P. front camera. It has 16 G.B. internal memory and 32 G.B. expandable memory...In short I recommend everyone to buy this phone...This is excellent...Got the phone just today. The whole things is faulty. Every time we turned off the screen the phone shut down.It is literally unusable. The charger is really weird and makes noises when we put it in a power source. The front camera is just bad. And you dont even get earphones with  this phone.Extremely disappointed by my purchase. Was really excited about buying this phone for my little sister as a birthday surprise. Such a let down! Not buying Redmi again.I can't give it zero, otherwise this product is zero. Main problem is network issue. After SIM insert there is no network upto 10 min. When insert both SIM there is no network.  Internet problem specially for whatsapp.  Overall this is very poor product. Xiaomi making fools the people by advertising and flash sale through Amazon. I don't know the reason behind this, but I know that Amazon is doing wrong with people by shaking hand this disgusting xiaomi company.nice touch,high speed processor & best image quality. Worth for money. :)Worst phone ever....the touch is not working..Just deliver today...No Heating Issues and More than 6-7 Hours On Screen Time. Worth For MoneyXiaomi Redmi Note 3 is excellent phone @ this price , as company claims it's DUAL SIM it's not , IF we use external Memory card (storage) as this handset (phone) uses SIM 2 SLOT for external storage , SO if we want to use external storage ( micro memory card) we can't use SIM 2 & if we sue SIM 2 FOR voice or data , than we can't use  external storage ---- STRANGE such good mobile & company R & D are not aware of it . THUS XIAOMI CAN'T CLAIM IT'S DUAL SIM MOBILEjust an awesome phn with excellent features .actually i was also in doubt f this phn is suitable for me or not . but seriously guys just dont think abt itjust buy it as soon as it comes available again. caera is really really awesome and there is no overheating issues. i have seen people commenting that phn gets really hot while charging but trust me guys this phn is really awesome. and the battery backup is also very good . so guys just go for it.It's sheeer beauty  that one can never take off his eye's from a mobile for first few day's not few hours. Go for it it's just at the he Pinnacle's of technology meeting beauty.Though it has nemomry slot but But it's not the dedicated one so only one disappointmentI got the phone its ok kind of product as per the configuration compare to other phones of this segment. Major Review I have to give is this the phone is having dual sim and supports memory card but u can do only one thing either u can activate or run dual sim same time or 1 sim and a memory card. Plz see my review n then decide whether to buy or not.Camera below average.Phone gets heated while charging.My phone gets switched off again and again automatically.Charger gets heated too much while charging and creates slight hissss kind of sound.Speaker quality is not That good.Rest all things works fine.My PERSONAL SUGGESTION if you are die hard xiaomi fan or have enough time to test phone get it replaced ,check each and evwry feature and waste lots of time then buy itUnbelievable and It's amazing product. I not expect this many features in Rs. 9998 with special feature of MI remote and finger press. Lovely and thanks to amazon.....And it's reached before amazon delivery time.Thanks to amazon once again..all perfect.. only 2nd sim slot should not be hybrid ..rest all is bestExpandable memory is nil when second sim is used. This is a sour point.Cons....No speed dialingWhatsapp couldn't connect through mobile netHeats instantlyIr(remote) range is very lowCamera is not up to the markFlash can't be used as good torchVery imp..... sar value is very that harms humanits perfectLol at people getting desperate to get this device. You people won't die if it takes a couple of months more to settle the initial rush and it's not a dooms day after two months as well. Just relaxIts A Very Good Phone With A Lot of Features Just For a Small Price!!!Very good mobile with lots features in 10k price and no heating issue.Worst process for a waiting registration ..don't buy this try to otherhere comes the beast.... I would recommend every one to buy this product.... camera quality was a bit average... but I got screen on time of about 8hrs with 3G on all day.,... after the system update it was anywhere around 7-8hrs... game play is also a bliss..... fingerprint sensor is just a wow.... thank you xiaomi India.....I would be happy enough if they improve the camera quality and add the quick charge facility in there next update....exellent mobile in this price ...all features of 20000/- range mobileOnly problem after two months its working bit slow & sometimes hangs.i am having the isuse of mobile heating when it be used for sometime.Mobiles heating problem his very fast heating 2/3 minutes in startingNot good as mentioned... poor camera quality.. heating ... restartingwithout memory card ...this phone is useless for meCan't believe ppl r still waiting for dis mobile...user friendly, nice one, like it. in this price range lot of futuresToo good phone. Make is most reliable. Amazon services are markable.I love this product Specially 32gb variant in gold colourbut unhappy with mi as they sells only 16gb modelplz.. mi hurry upand if u sells 32 gb modelalso ensures u are supplying quantity equivalent to atleast 50% demand..The best phone you can get for 10k ',no doubt in that,RAM management needs to be optimised and I'm sure it will be rectified in future MIUI updates,glad that I choose Redmi Note 3.Simply awesomeBad experiencePrice is good.its very good.Superior looksAmazing deviceAwesome mobileSo far so goodamazing phone.heating problmAwesome phone.Great phone...Exalant Reaultawesome phone.Simply Awesomevalue of moneyGood conditionMobile is goodAwesome mobileawesome MobileJust awesome..Its Not as per my expectations, There are following problem observed with this handsetGetting very hot during charging temp 80 degree reachSecond sometime set got hang..niether getting on nor getting off..only screen glowing with MI Logo on display..Overall  very poor performance, requesting yo do R&D fir removing these issue than replaced my set with new one...Vipin9599318700i eed 32 gb model not 16 gb model why do u not getting 32 gb modelsvery poor in network connection.. lots of issues related to networkShame on Xiaomi.. What a waste of time. And nice strategy from Xiaomi of not selling 32gb version so that you can sell 16gb version.Believe me after 5 days of use,I feel it's far far better than Asus,lenovo,Samsung mobiles,I used Asus and lenovo high end smartphones extensively,but redmi note3 is best,cheaper and wonderful.It has so good display,battery back up, ,amazing fingerprint security,high end performance feels like it's 30k above phoneultimate phone for its price. Will be blunt in my review.Performance to price ratio is incredible.Seriously!!!Demerits:-low light camera performance--not goodNetwork reception not good-- rectified in future updateshybrid slot--forces to buy 32 gb variant which is a beast in multitaskingI finally bought the phone for my brother in the very first attempt.really luck plays a vital role.I thought to give up on this phone the way the amazon is responding.whatever it may be i got the best phone,If the phone was not there wouldn't hve been this much traffic for this.but also painful trying every sale since it is too dificult,better make the sale open or close the sale until you get enough items to keep it openIt stopped working 2 days after the return period ended. Xiaomi support is just ridiculous, you have to wait for months for the replacement. And the motherboard itself cost is around Rs. 5000. As far as it works, it's good but if it starts showing problems you're dumped. And if you buy this make sure to get the insurance also which will cost only Rs. 550 but will help to recover some of your money when you're in trouble.A greatt phone ever i use in my budget . Thanks xiomi and Amazon.Nice phone in a such less amount. Looking too good. Go with this.Cameras are dull or ram bhi 1gb se Jada phone ne cover kr rakhi hXiomi has capture the mobile market in India in recent days and the reason being the best phone they made available in such affordable price. Its the best phone at this price available in all specs. Its been 10 days I am using this Note3  redmi and its performance has been impressive.I hardly can figure out any issue so far other than the main camera. It could have been inches better but overall its perfect.Really dissatisfied with this redmi note3 ..I used only 1 day .it started overheating while in charging.most wrost part of this phone is WiFi network connectivity as well as mobile network so poor it always disconnected automatically and not give proper speed ..and always show try to connect while in connected.. My fingerprint also not working ..many doesn't open ..wtf ..am really disappointed with bulls*** phone.Long Battery life and specially it gets vry fast charging, both cameras  are good enough  for normal  photography,  inbuilt  100% accurate fingerprint sensor,  slim and sexy as well as golden full metallic  body, large display all makes the gadget  simply  awesome within  10k. No pblm at all with this gadget. Very comfortable and user friendly. Just getting  bored  with lagging  Samsung gadgets. Thumbs up to redmiEverything is good but secondary camera is not so good as 16 mp.Good service... Product us genuine thanks happy with the serviceNice phone under 10k  works superb and excellent battery back upPhone gets too heated up on charging, otherwise it's a great buy2gb/16gb is a good phone but not a great phoneExpected a lot but not up to the markUsing for last five daysHeating up issue is thereXiomi is playing with customer by forcing the customer to purchase 32gb version phone it's not fairHope Xiomi will come out with a solutionI am very disappointed with this product. 1. The main problem is that hybrid SIM slot. Will wait for proper phone with "SIM 1 + SIM 2 + Micro SD" (3 different slots). Both sims not work properly.2. Overheating during charging n calling,3. camera quality is below average ,product is not up to the mark , just like single sim phone, I want to return the item for money back in my account.Great one superb value for money....Just update it network problem will not b thereGreat camera in daylight in low light struggles little but as per Price not an issue....Heat's a little not too much.....and also cools downs fastly ..Battery is good....Display is goodNot too much heating problem just go for it best buy under 10k.Over all is the best mobile looking so sexy and no hang problemA v powerful  phone which can handle wide tasks n gaming's too.i cant get quality images pleas help me how to increase its mpPhone is amazing . there disign and performance are excellent .Xiaomi is not very old brand in India but its products are simply awesome. fingerprint scanner is working very well and response ti.e is really woow. Camera is good. And ofcousre its an awesome budget phone...Very heat in charging,other goodSuperb mobile..........just go for it without thinking.......finger print sensor works beyond expectation, unlocks within 0.3 s...no heating observed........battery life is gudNo screen guard & ear phone provided, quite disappointing, btw i hav purchased it separately from MI stores.waited almost 3 months for this phone n now feeling happy for this much wait for this beast phone... Awesome work done by Mi India and Amazon too...Nice Product with good bulid qualityCons.Heating issue problem, Camera is not up to the markIt is awesomeAwesome phoneSuperb mobileGreat productgood and nineok type phoneGreat productnice phone...Its excellentAwesome phoneAwesome phoneAWESOME PHONEAwesome PhoneNice PHONE...Awesome phoneAlpesh VariyaAvarage phone32 gb i  wantBest in classNice Phone :)Truly amazingSupperb phoneIts very goodGood  phone..Loved it!! :DFeatures are Good But as shining as SamsungDid redmi note 3 with 32gb internal available in 27th April?Value for money...just take it...u will not regret later....Hangs a lot. . .not happy with the product9 GB available of 16 . most precious installed apps can be removed . finger print scanner works good screen quality good. No protection for screen .heats up when pluged for charging . only 1 GB ram available as miui is heavy but no lags at all. But a sdcard if possible it will help the cell a lot for extra memory . cameras are descent . and overall good phone.Nothing else to say .very goodGood but still some improvement required on certain aspectsGood with this budget phone using form last week very good.Front camera not proper work.tell what doNo 32 gb sets after Multiple RegistrationWorst accessories I ever seen..  Its just 2 weeks n charger is not working...  Just after the closing of return window things are becoming useless.. Phone heats 2 much..  Apps closes automatically....  Worst phone...  Even meizu's phones are  way to better than this..Its very good productBut its by prose's is very tuffThis is fraud mobile because its internl memory 11 gb onlyNot worth the wait. go for Moto G4 plus or lenovo zuk z1.Received 8Gb internal instead of 16Gb false commitmemt...Has been trying grab hold of the deal for last 4 weeks ....atlast got it ...I wanted 32 GB phone but got 16 GB phone... Bit while the sale is on product doesn't get into cart for more than 30-40 min.... Keeps saying checking deals.Same thing repeated several times... Please rectify.... But delivery speed amazingly fast on Amazon.. Got phone sharply at 11 as promised.Hi friends,  any one who wants dual sim along with sd card don't buy this mobile, this is. Works for only single SIM and sd card or dual sims at a time.. Both dual sims along with sd card is not working... But it was not mentioned in the mobile specificationsNot a global LTE Phone, This phone supports LTE Band-39 which is useful only in China. But even with that, it won't even achieve full china roaming. But, Instead had it been LTE-Band 20 supported the phone would have become global phone which works in Europe too.Tldr, Phone should have supported LTE B20 instead of B39, to achieve Europe/Asia( minus china) compatibility.Awesome mobile....have been using this for 2 weeks now and there seems to be no problem except for some heating while charging....battery runs for almost 2 days which is the best thing apart from its looks and configuration.... Highly recommendedsupper phoneThank XiaomiSuperb phoneNice mble...satisfactoryGood workingNice send megood productNice handsetAwsm handsetNice hendsetIt's awesomeGood productgood productBest phone..Worst Ever..Good productgood productIt  is  bestGood ProductVery nice:-)Best qualityGOOD PRODUCTSuper mobileExcellent ..Excellent...Good productgood productSuprr MobileGreat deviceWorking niceI want 32 gbSuper mobileGood delveryGood productDisappointedNice productGood productGood phone .Nice phone..Superb phoneGood productMind blowingIts a cheating sale.. 32gb phone is gone Ina second ..Good phone. Also good service. My new Redmi note 3 was not able to turn on wifi after 15-16 days. Buy as soon as we took it to service centre they fixed the problem within minutes. There was a software update problem bit now it is working finephone is really lives up to its expectation the screen is good and touch is quite responsive especially its fingerprint sensor is blazing'ly fast andabout the specs its written every where (you can go to mi official website or gsmarena ) but one thing is the camera don't include the feature oftaking the photo's tapping the finger print sensorThe phone is amzing excepting Camera .Camera  Quality is very poor. If you  thrilled after reading that the 16MP camera is i can say that they are like making customers fool. Very poor quality i am giving only 1 star in camera quality. Both front and rear cam is very poor .If you are camera lover then dont buy this siriously. Forgive me for bad english.Awesome phone till now!!So far using it comfortable . no issues , value pick.I would have given 5 stars I the device dsnt gets hotIt's a best performing phone in budget segment phones, camera, battery, screen quality, call quality, gaming performance are awesome. It get heated while heavy gaming (heating issue is normal nowadays) Apps doesn't moves on SD card, overall it's very decent and good price to performance ratio, full classic look of metal.... Go for it. (7.5/10) RATINGthe phone is looking very good but i am expecting the flash sale for 3 gb / 32 gb on 30.03.16if you not sell on that day i will purchase lenova k4 note.The phone was not as they shownIt just heats up quicklyWhen i was updating the phone it hangs up not able to do anything.i and my friend bought up two phones we just return back to them .amazon really disappointed this timeTypical Chinese market stuff. Lot of heating  issues and below average camera. And short stock is being covered thru flash sales  of 200-250 units each week.ultimate for use, very good productPerfect phone in affordable price!!I bought 2 handsets 1 silver and another Gold through flash sales. Both the phones are facing below issues.1) Heating very badly, in charging and watching video, playing games etc.2) Network issue, I've full signals in my phone still no is not reachable/switched off.3) Phone reboots automatically while in use. It has happened with me on 3 different occasions in just 1 day of use.I'll never recommend anyone to buy this handset.Nice phone meets all expectations from Budget phone.it's getting heat after playing video for 20 minutesGood design battery backup superb but camera too padAwesome phone at this price looking was also so goodAwesome phone..bought it on 30th march on flash sale from Amazon.. Value of money.there is no heating issue and the battery life is superior.. Those guys who can't buy ii nn a flash sale as the sale the phone gets out of stock within a sec just download flash sale helper from Google play store or download it from Google chrom extension.and enjoyEven with 2gb it runs smooth. Only issue is need to close background app to clear RAM. I think 3gb is definitely required but due to unavailability had to compromise on this one. Also, low light camera quality is not good even with Flash. My K3 note gives better clarity in low light as compared to Redmi but considering price I think it's OK.I love it it is amazingToo goodMy phone not working properly... alweys heats phoneFinally I was successful in grabbing a Redmi Note 3 after many tries. I am writing this review after ussig the phone for 3 days  continuous.First of all, thanks to Mi India and Amazon for the phone and service and packing they provided.Camera : It says camera to be 16mp but in real it is not up to the mark of 16, it seems it's up to 12mp. Ignoring it th camera performance is superb, fast click with build in live effects. Full HD video recording with super quality.Performance: No other phone can beat this phone under 10k. No laggig, super switch between apps.Battery: I can guarantee that no phone can beat this in this matter, 4050mah battery gives a super backup of 2 days for a normal usage. No battery drainage, quick charge tales 3 hours from 4-100% to charge.Fingerprint scanner: It's a super aaditon at just 10k . quickly open the lock in one touch. Lock your apps with your fingerprint. Also can capture photos with your one touch with this.It's the best phone. Must buy without thinking much.Its my 4th attempt to participate in flash sell and was lucky to order note 3 gold 16 gb version on 30 march. Estimated delivery date was 4 april but received it 2 days b4 at 2 april. In box i found handset, charger, data cable and some papers. After 3 days use my observations are......POSITIVE-----1. Both camera are good.2. Amazing battery life.3. Responsive fingerprint sensor.4. No any excessive heating issue.5. Mi remote is much useful.6. 3 Types of keyboards.7. Security option is good.8. Display is also very good.9. Customize theme.NEGATIVE-----1. Network some time shows no service, same sim in my other phones shows full network.2. Fingerprint sensor only unlock the phone.3. True caller or share it not  preloaded.(its now common in all other phone).4. Video player is not direct accessible ( you have to click on video stored in phone then it plays video)5. Mi remote has basic function such as volume up down, power on off, channel up down.6. Speaker at back should be provide at front or down side, because u cant hear or very low sound when phone kept back side down on any flat surface.7. Screen protection is not given.After all its not one man army, all other phones also have some pros and cons. In this price range ( rs 9998 ) it is one of the most value for your money.Its been a week that am using the Mi3. I loved the 32gb product but unfortunately i got this one. Talking about the product, the product excels in the looks dept. i got the gold color variant and all of ma relatives believe that this phone costs more than 30k.That's about it looks and however i liked it very much.but the back of the panel have easy chances to cause scratches and better for you to opt a guard. i got scratches on the back of the phone.coming to the performance of the phone. its mind blowing and haven't suffered any lag or anything while surfing or playing games.the fingerprint sensor is awesome and ease of access. but it makes some troubles at sometimes. it is not sensing. but i wont call it a big issue . coz still its an electronic device. that happens twice in my 1000 of experience. the camera is not upto the mark of mi4. but it is satisfactory.and the highlight of the phone is the massive battery. you wont believe while taking the phone that under it have a massive 4000mah battery. the phone lasts for more than 1.5 days of my usage. like messenger watsapp surfing net playing games and lots and lots of calls.Finally... as overall experince am very much delighted of the product. i got a phone that was over my expectations under the budget....Product was nice.... But the package is really worst on delivery  just simply packed the box in plastic cover....1.you cannot use both sims along with sd card. Either u need to use the 2 nd sim or else sd card alone....Very bad phone only one sim and sd crd atech....good delivery .and nice phone liked it very muchGood one !!Really goodNo commentsGood mobileReally goodIt was niceOk ok phonemast betterNo commentsTotally badOkay devicegood mobileworst phoneNice mobilegood mobileawsm mobileNice phone.worth buy:)good enoughChangla aheGud productCall me nowmast mobileweak signalNice phone.Good  phoanSupertbLove itCheap marketing for a cheap (quality) mobile, Xiaomi and Amazon are fooling us. Now you see, they have even removed the 3GB version.Fone is not good, it's heating on general use from very first day , it has hanging problem, and not picking signals..  Its feel like money has been wasted on fone.... Not a good decision to buy this fone...Please dont buy this product.  There is heating problem with this phone.  My phone has bended within one month.  The people at Mi centre at not at all cooperative. the customer support service is horrible.Useless phone thru useless site of Amazon m mi.comBcoz on sale start time I HV pressed ADD TO CART buttonBut no response rcvd.Why v r running behind these unreachable products while lenovo is giving best value for money n value for product providing without registered or without waiting.I request to allDon't run behind these useless phoneBuy only reachable n offerdable phoneAs Good As Expected.The Best Phone.No ComplainsSomething great...should be bought by every oneSound quality not satisfied compare to Mi3,mi4iI purcased it just few days beforeIts battery is too good!!!processor is too fast 5.5 inches bog screen but rear camera is not so good but front camera is good for selfie ..No heating problemSuperb smartphone under this price...no lagging...no heating....good camera ....but yeah go for 3gb variant if u can afford...because 3gb would be something else only !Just one negative thing is....charging...as  there is no fast charging so...but then also it doesnt matter....so far so good ....! I enjoy it !we want 32gb storage in open saleWhen we are charging this mobile its heated so muchNo dual SIM facility with sd card at same timeU cant use two sims and a sd card together....Want to buy 32gb model,but only 16 GB is availableThis is the best phone under 10k which I can assure you.processing is fast and camera is good.and the best thing about this phone is it's battery. If your budget is up to 10 k then must go with it.SUPER CAMERA PHONECAMERA QUALITY IS EXCELLENTFINGERPRINT SENSOR VERY NICE1.8GZ BIG PROCESSORI LOVE MY MOBILEGOOD SELECTIONTHANKS MI FOR RELEASE A NICE HEADSETiam very glad to receive this product.... finger print sensor and camera are so cooool... Thank You Amazon-Maddy Madhani love it ... super phone in average price...Received in good condition .... Its just 3 days I got it...so its  too early to say anything regarding functioning ... Lots of in built Apps which are not available in other mobile...  Hope it works well...  Now my main concerned is the servicing centre ..can anybody give me the toll free number ........??Mic was not working properlyNice mobile looking and nice battery backup camra quilty lowPros: worth a buy , for the price at which it is being sold.Cons: No front facing flash in the front cameraI got my redmi note 3 device on 7th May due to issue of not able to sign in to my Google Account I replaced it the same problem continued in it the battery heats a lot during charging but overall continuous usage is best device till usedRefunding this one due too the same problem continuedCan't beat quality & features at this priceThough I've requested replacement let's seeWell, It has surpassed my expectations. Everything is so nice and premium feel.A revolution in Mobile industry however soon there will be something bigger in the market as it happens in the electronics field. Till the new revolution i want to enjoy the RED MI NOTE 3...AwesomenessDecent Products, satisfied with the mobileGood phoneGood phonegood phoneVery happyits nice..Nice phonenice phonenice phoneGood phoneGOOD PHONEGood phoneIt is niceNice phoneNice phoneSuper niceBad one :pSuper cellGrt one...Super foneNice Phonemast phonewaoooooooogood phoneGood phoneGood phoneNice phoneBest phonenice phoneNice phoneExlent MBLGood phone1no mobileGood phoneNice phoneNice phoneGood phonegood phoneNice phoneGood PhoneBest phone again by Mi but worst service by Amazon. I purchased on 30 March. Phone  Charger was not working.  When I call the Amazon toll free number the executive told me to return the complete handset. And tell me that I ll got replacement after one week. Zero star for Amazon solutions.I have placed the order successfully that too on the first try on 30th March wit a bit of hurdle on the payment process (had to review my payment, think that was due to congestion on the payment gateway). Due to get it delivered on 5th Apr. Finger crossed that this turns out a good buy!aWASAMvery nice and good one...for past three weeks am registering for dis s*** mobile nothing happened....everything is fake here..if xiaomi continues this it will loose its brand name....I love it. The product is too good. It has all the functionalities with top class quality as mentioned.This mobile is very good. Just go for it.Beauty & the beast .. simply go for it ..1.I have been using this from the last 10 days. It is very good at this price level.2.Pros:LooksBattery is awesomeFinger print scanner is quite sensitive.3.ConsRinger volume is not very loud for outdoor.Colors on the screen appears faded.Very good......phone....When does the mobile going to be on saleGd phone  gd price  no heating  issue ..Ek Number Phone kam price jyada featuressuper service by amaazon. It is the bestsuper service by amaazon. It is the bestI don't know why product demands quality of rear camera is 16 Mp but i hundred percent sure that it has rear camera similar to 8 mega pixel instead of 16 mega pixel.Very nice phone, all my friends suggested me to buy this phone. It doesn't have earphones it is the only problem. I've been using it for 4 days. It doesn't cause me any problems till now. Sometimes heated but not so much. It impressed me.  I recommend all of you to buy this.My sim slots are not working properly because of which i change the sim card also due to which i lost my all contacts....and now they are not replacing this handsetCons:Camera - Low light - PoorVoLTE - Not stablePros:Excellent battery. All good apart from Camera performance in low light and VoLTEBefore buying check the quality of product and service or xiaomiHere is my experience(...)Go to YouTube and search xiaomi product and service by Nabeel nawabPhone is okay in 10k but some basic things are not gud for a normal user.Call in volume is very low, speaker sound is also not very gud for listening music.Those who are giving  1 stars they must be from other rival web sites.  I am posting  this  review after using this phone for 10days. This is a super phone in this price  range.  Apart from some heating  while charging and aux problem, this is a complete  phone.  Must buy.Phone looks good and as per my expectation. No heating issue with strong battery backup.  Sound quality is average. Bit difficult to to open tight sim tray. Camera quality is good in day light but in low light quality goes down.  No ear plugs  or protected screen received.Metallic design looks good.UI same as other Redmi with some top-up.Finger print works fast.At first need to reboot to detect network, then it works fine as expected.Heating issues while charging.Internal memory is only 9.33 GB for a 16GB phone after company installed apps, when using dual sim, we cant use memory card.Over all a good phone for 10k INR.Camera not satisfactoryMarvelous phone love itVery excellent phone is price 10k rangeVery fast delivery & phone is also goodThis phone is awesome with awesome features I suggest you all to purchase this phones other people just spreading negative things but this smartphone is very good piece.... Go for it honestly... Just imagine why this phone goes out of stock within a couple of minutes...Please be aware of a known issue in this phone, that will leave you stranded. Both your sim cards might be rendered un-recognized after a reboot. There are cursory references to this in official MI forums. What surprises me is the the response of MI customer care. Apparently the developers are working on this and will provide a response soon. I mean what else is a phone supposed to do, if it can't make or receive calls as the sim cards are not recognized. Well to be fair, the phone did work for 1 evening and while it worked, it was great. Amazon customer care has been very supportive and i have been assured of best of their service. They have promised to replace or refund after a few days, so as to wait for mi to come out with a fix.Very good smartphone. Nice features and nice performance.Cons: 2 sim cards and memory card could not be inserted together.And sim card/memory card changing or replacing system is quite difficult. The ejector pin should be always with the smartphone holder.Although phone is ok but surprised to note that there was no hands free supplied with it. Further user manual is also missing.  It should have been with it.good phone with poor camera and flash.The front camera 3.5/5 (I have redmi prime 2 which is 8 mega pixel but its pitcher quality is 3 time better than redmi note 3 indoor.outs side I do not used it.The rear camera 2/5Sound through Speaker 4.2/5Sound through Airphone  5/5(if you have good earphone ,amagine sound Use power amp with third party priory google  equilizer with Mi equilizer I used sound magic earphone.Prssesor is fast 5/5( but heating issued  for heavy user)Ram management is poor 3/5 ( only 950 mb in first boot)Display 5/5Touch 5/5Both sims support 4g but in second you use either sim or memory card.Finger print 5.5Just go for this phone.Redmi note 3 is a very good phone.working nicely.camera pic.quality is magnificent.one problem with this phone is that there is no slot available after inserting both SIM.so if this difficulty is eliminated it will be more effient smart phone in this price range.It's an awesome phone and hv a premium  look camera is OK battery is good  only problem is memory and sim  slot Dere is only two slots either  u can put memory card or sim.Overall phone is awesome.16 mp camera picture quality looks like 5mp camera... 2 gb ram and user get only 800mb to use laggs too muchheats up like crazy when you chargeawesome superb phone but slightily heating while chargecamera is working superbBest budget phonePerfect completion for iPhone 6s , better to buy redmi note 3 32 GB than a iPhone 6sExcellentVery niceFantasticExcellentVery goodTrustableIt's goodnyc phonevery goodVery goodvery niceVery goodExcellentvery niceVery Goodvery goodFab phoneexcellentIt's goodExcellentExcellentMiss thatsuperfastSuperb...Overall specs all good ram management is little not good, but I am phasing a problem n I.e the battery is not charging upto 100% it stuck in 98% even after 6hour charging, don't know whether manufacturer defect or software problem, not check the camera, will post more about this device, for look n build quality it's 5/5I've been using this product since 2 months and seriously, I dont have any complaints about it!It's the best smartphone in its price range.4000mAh battery!!!! Its really really huge...No need to charge it for about a day when you charge it fully!It has enough juice to run all day long.I'm very much happy with it.It has a Fingerprint scanner too!!!!Its really fast and usefull.It aslo have 16MP, 5MP back and front camera respctively.They are quite good!Come on man what more you can expect in 10,000 package.You would be really surprised by its performance!They've loaded it with 2GB RAM, Snapdragon Qualcomm 810 processer, That works really well.You will experiance No lags while playing games.It also have Full HD resolution.You can clearly see in Direct sunlight too!Really it has very bright Display!It's speaker is loud and crisp.Overall it's a power packed Smartphone in just 10,000Buy it and Enjoy! ;)I would like to share my experience about Redmi Note 3 . In fact I am with my family belongs to Redmi family and Redmi Note 4G when it was introduced through Airtel I bought it first and so far I am using this and still it is old but gold one. It never gives trouble to me. Based on this I just wend through and i bought few for my family. But Now I am coming to this new one.Design and style: very impressiveDisplay good but adaptive brightness pick up is lag suddenly we turn from sun light to room the brightness not turned quickly we have to wait for a minutes to see the normal.UI : User Interface is also one of the very successful one but years crossed the basic layout like key board pattern and fonts are in the LKG level. The company has to give more attention to that and getting merely update is not a good one and we expect more from Redmi.Themes: Hats off to this section and you are giving so much designs really pleased one.Battery: 4000 is really good one but why Redmi is keeping silence and not changing to type C with heavy charger like your competitor Le Eco Tv .Price : it is not a fare one a bit costly when compare to others.Camara: you are very very week in this. though it may be a 16 mp while zooming it give very very bad results and half of the screen blocked by the menus learn from Samsung and Sony even in lower end models they are amazing.My final words is though Redmi is a good product but we are in competitive world and we strongly believe our AMAZON only. It is because we have strong faith on AMAZON getting your products. Now a days your headsets and all other items you people are creating artificial demand but it wouldn't give yielded results.Got this beast at the 23rd March sale. Recvd @ 4th April. So much of delay from Mi Store!!!! Packaging's as nice as others.(Mi Pro Earphones have best packaging in all of the Mi products I have bought).Coming to the smartphone, it's .................. SSSSOOOOO DAMNNN LOVELY!!!!!! I'd prefer 16 GB cuz I bought the 16GB variant and my friend had bought the 32GB version and GOD it lags a damn lot. The fingerprint scanner is quite accurate (sometimes it forgets it's owner's fingerprint tho) the new update enables the scanner to click pictures too. 1GB of RAM is available initially then it gradually depletes to 700-900 MB. Display is crisp and the read mode gives less stress to your eyes(its enabled while I type this review). Sometimes it lags when many(10-12 apps) apps are simultaneously running. The Ui is the best I've ever used(80% of the reason of buying this phone #MIUIsuperfan) It's so simple yet damn useful. U can get 12 GB of storage and expandable upto 64 GB( I'm using the nano SIM card slot). If you're interested in buying the phone, PLEASEEEEE SPEND RS. 1399 more and buy the Mi Pro Earphones, it's every worth every dime and penny u spend. MINDBLOWING audio quality!That's all Folks! If you got the dough, try to grab one of 'em ASAPSuparReview after 15 days of useWill write cons first as i believe that is what we look for in reviews to see if it meets our expectationsCons1. CameraRear camera is too slow in responding and as a result you end up taking blurr images. Tried almost all modes but picture quality did not improve.Front camera is okProblem in light exposure as well, even night mode doesn't work good.2. MIUI InterfaceStrange thing is that it doesn't have simple home button and app access like in all other android phones. Groups and categorizes apps by its own which i kind off didn't like at all. I managed installing NOVA launcher to get traditional home button and app accesses.3. ROM 16GBIt claims that it has 11GB memory for user access but some how even from that some 2-3GB goes somewhere which you cannot identify as i just loaded my 3GB backup from my old phone through OTG and it shows that 6GB is used and 4.71GB available.Pros1. Battery - 4050mah is quite enough for heavy user to last full day2. Calling UI  - has got all features on calling screen like dialpad, contacts, conference, call history and overall inbuilt call recorder3. 2GB RAM4. Finger sensor is just awesome and superfast, though i wish that finger lock feature should also have been there.5. Dual 4G6. Design - Slim and sleek.WorstsuperYesterday I got this phone, but after 2-3 days after I felt some lags in this phone. Xiaomi had said that this phone has expandable memory but there is no such thing in this phone. I got the 32gb varient and only 24.56 GB is available and I also brought 16gb varient and only 10.81 GB is available and there is no option to move apps to SD card.Again Xiaomi said that there will be fingerprint selfie but it's a lie, there is no such function in this phone and the new update of this phone has nothing much as we expect. The MIUI 7 will disappoint many users.Xiaomi had given 2gb and 3gb ram varients but only around 900mb and 1.3gb is available respectively.The gaming experiance is average in this phone. I strongly don't recommend to you this phone if you are a heavy user and game lover. I played asphalt 8, modern combat 5, brothers in arms 3, gangster Vegas, nova 3 and I feel lags in every game and among them gangster Vegas is not playable at all. Nova 3 also gives lags and sometimes mutes it's sound. This is not a gaming phone at all.But if we leave this things of this phone, this phone is perfecto and I prefer you to go for this if the mentioned this doesn't bother you. And personally I prefer you 16 gb varient because it offers you good value for money and the an tutu score of 16gb varient is around 73000 and the score of 32gb varient is around 66000.First of all thanks to Amazon for their swift response and delivery TWICE (which I'll talk later).  I had decided to go with RN3 gold 16gb/2gb version after weeks of online research. Here are my observations after one week of heavy usage.  Built :first thing that strikes is the aesthetic build which is nothing but sheer beauty. The feel you get with premium metal touch can't be described particularly for me after using number of Samsung galaxy devices. So much that I still have qualms about the back case I've purchased which conceals half of its beauty. The 400ppi display can be appreciated while browsing and reading text and watching full HD videos.  Battery:this is undoubtedly the USP of this set as it gives surprisingly long battery life. Added to that you get battery saving profiles which squeeze more juice from the battery. Not all phones that tout huge battery can convert that to more hours of usage but the RN3 does exactly that. I've been surprised that the charge remains same on standby where I left it at night on the next noon. It could comfortable last 2 days with occasional social media usage.  Performance :the snapdragon processor is really fast and adept at multi tasking, gaming, photography, multimedia. Throw whatever and it performs with ease.I've hardly experienced any lag, reboots or FCs so far.  UI: Though xiaomi is not known for prompt android updating it makes for it with regular miui version ota updates with new features. I've got fingerprint app lock and better ram optimisation after an update.  It does lack an app drawer - that can get your home screens cluttered which can be circumvented by using a good 3rd party launcher app like zen launcher.  Audio is good and speakers pretty loud.It does have gimmicks like audio enhancements for different premium mi headsets though I got quality sound support with my senheiser headphone on applying latest mi headset settings. Drawbacks :rear camera :though touted 16mp the pics don't show much improvement in details. I was sceptic about that but the resolution confirms 16mp.but still..  The front camera pics were blurred which prompted me to return the phone and Amazon rapidly replaced the phone within 3 days of returning-only to find that matte screen guard that comes applied with the set hasn't got vents for the front cam which was causing the blurring and issues with the front sensors. Replacing the screen guard it worked fine.  Common complaints :  Heating issue.. It gets hot a bit while charging but otherwise it remains cool on all tasks ,even while playing games like asphalt which is amazing - thanks to snap dragon. (Mind you this is an electronic gadget and not an ac so folks stop whining about heating during charging).Prospective le  eco buyers note this!  Dual sim.... it's been explicitly stated that it supports dual sim OR a sim and an SD card. Again people complaining they got cheated by this seems utterly ridiculous and illiterate.(The otg support gets me going- with a portable hard drive i can access all my HD movies and media without getting my SD card crunched)  Lack of screen protection :This does has a screen protector but xiaomi hasn't verified the name. (check these :  [...]Coin rubbing video  [...])  I don't intend to go in much detail further - which would be spoiling the fun... Overall- the RN3 is worth every penny. Go for it and you can sit back assured of a flagship in your hand.superI bought this phone with great expectaions. After reading all reviews purchased this item. At the outset itself it failed to impress. The problem is when i inserted two sim there was no network for both the sim cards. After couple or more times of re inserting i got net work for both. With in minutes one of the network fully gone showing no service. After some time by it self shown full net work. During the first day itself both the networks were going off. When contacted xiaomi customer care they said there is network problem facing as reported by many customers. We are working to solve this as soon as possible. Still with the hope i started using. But after  days of usage the phone started to give much trouble than network. One of the sim network didnt come even after multiple time sim inserted and replaced. Phone started to restart by itself about  times with in  minutes. Then at last decided to return the product. While reading reviews i didnt come across about this problem by any user. May be my piece of phone i got may be defective and as agreed by company people there is issues with hardware or software which they are working on it. Looks wise its good premium look. Even Ram out of 2 gb only 800 mb will be free. Better to go for 3 gb ram and 32 gb version.Conclusion: Buy after some months as company working to solve all issues.The phone is very good.Top level features and quality.I was think, I will give 5 rating of this phone.But after used the phone, it has only one problem.The phone has heating problem, when it is charge.Its good but having heating problemAn excellent product at this price!Good buy n a great product for 10k.32 gb wale ko apne g m bhr le mc bcHeats up too muchAverage phone in 10k priceDon't expect everything is good in this phoneIt's a cool gadget of redmi note 3 but (16gb) is not i think good is there 16gb internal and sim is nano is risky for insert sim in cell so i think 32gb cellphone is good. The redmi note 3 (32gb) is best because is there internal memory is 32gb.There are 2 (yes, TWO) slots only, which can feature either 2 SIMs or 1 SIM and 1 memory card. This is really a major drawback of the phone. I can't understand how a 10K phone fails to feature a memory card slot. This is really a big limitation.It's an awesome phone battery backup is great but we have to compromise with front camera it has a stylish look overall is price worthyits very good phone.Thanks amazon.nice product in same price range..Worst product. Quality is patheticGood , Value for money.. Go for itAwesome speed n battery backup....How to buy this phone plzz help meProduct have several issues like heating/ contact sync and I have seen this with all the MI products. Also, they will give you a list full of product defect you may experience...really??? MI should post these things on their website as well.Camera is not so goodBattery backup is very good and fingerprint sensor was awesomePhone is heating during charging. however i am using this but same condition is available during charging. thne i will reqplce phone.Purchased 16gb dark grey.This info for buyers plan by this phone after using for 2 weeks.Worst camera. Heating is there but not abnormal. Hangs sometimes.All other things like display battery are good. Final thought don't go for this phone  if camera is u r primary choiceBuild quality is very nice and phone is looking classy. 5out of 5for the phone, However package sent by amazon was not upto the mark. It did not contain any protection for the phone in transit. There was just the box and the plastic covered. Not happy with the packing and safety in transiti want 32GB veriant.... but no flash sale here...Great phone, ticks every point on checklist. The best phone in the price range and it looks like a decent premium phone. Very fast, very able, good battery life. Can't ask for more at this price! Purchased 3 phones in total for my family!!!camera quialty not goodinternal memory not good for user so low total 11.01 GB available 8.40 Gbso gays if you don't matter low space internal so you buy this product but you love lost of memory out of box so not buy this phone.The second sim card slot is not working. It use to work when i got the phone but after 10 days of usage it just stopped recognizing.This phone does not support voLTE (video) calling on Jio network hence no use for me...I tried calling to voLTE network putting the same same sim in Samsung A5 it worked well...The launcher is not good.. NO help PDF available...IT HEATS UPDon't buy this , instead go for LeTv or K4 NoteValue for money...Pros1. Powerful and reliable processor. Redmi doesn't use cheap mediatek chips which have very low reliability. 2. Massive battery, FHD Display, Good camera quality.Cons. Hybrid Second SIM/Memory card slot.Overheating problem is persistentIts very nice phone as I expectedyrr wht the heell is this not a minute nd all claimed mnss yrr jb phone dena hi nhi hai to atleast time to waste mt karo janta kaFablous phone.. in just 9999New update makes app lock with fingerprintAlso guest mode hides gallery contentsYea.. gofor it..Order blindley.. dont trust bad reviews.. its cool phone without any issue or heating..I have purchased this mobile in first sale.after 10 days I received update.when I update it it's WiFi is not working at all.I tried to contact at mi store but they didn't respond.it's worst to buy online at least.where we go to fight.Waste of money I'm writing this review after using 9 days its heats a lot and hanging problem camera is poor but selfie is gudCamera 10/7Processor 10/9Ram 10/9Battery 10/10User experience 10/9Gaming performance 10/10Testing by antutu benchmark 75132 totel score its amazingI think this is best Mobile in 12 k rangeThis online flash sale sucks !!!Good looking but camera not goodGreat phone for this price rangeProduct has problem it gets hang and gets off by  its own and repeatedly gets off I want  to change this unit with other oneBahut hi kharab sale....jyada handsets bechne k liye dikhava kar rahe he ye log.....go for letv 1s ....best smartphone......Till now no issues found.Camera is ok.Speed is very good.Battery last for 1.5days with moderate use.Con:Slippery.Heating issue while charging(though its normal in heavy processors phone).THERE IS PROBLEM  WITH OTA UPDATE , WIFI DOES NOT WORK PROPERLY ALSO THERE IS NETWORK PROBLEM WHENEVER I TRAVEL THERE IS NO NETWORK. FINGER PRINT SCANNER DOES WORK BUT THERE IS SOME PROBLEM SOMETIMES IT SIMPLY DOESN'T RECOGNIZE.Awesome Phone... Can't get better than this phone in this price... works perfect looks awesome... the problem i observed is little hit problem till now... but its little so u can ignore that prob... I will say go for it... its best phone in this price...Great phone.Excellent battery backup and a fast finger print scanner. The best phone in all features. The camera performance is also good to our expectations. And faster delivery by Amazon really love to shop with Amazon.crappy phone it heats more than iron box so this people leave flash sale to create out of stock not at all worth for phoneYupp... Finally I got my new fone...Gold 2gb variant it is...Was using Samsung s4 before this... But this is far far better... M in love with the UI also... Its very cool... Detailed rating of Made in India fone.1. Battery 10 of 10 - works for 1.5 to 2 days with moderate to heavy 3g usage.2. Processor & ram 9 out of 10 - very fast... Tested for high speed games... Working fine... Only thing is avl ram is 0.9 GB... Rest all consumed by system.3. Camera 8 of 10 - selfie is very good... Problem with low light...4. Sound clarity 9 of 10 - Good enough... Not d best...5. Outer look 10 of 10 - premium look at this price... Comparable with iPhone 6s plus... Superb built...Go for it without a second thought... I also wanted 3 GB variant... But had to settle with it...But believe me... U will not feel any difference with additional memory card....!!!!Awsum phoneReview after 1 month of use1) Battery backup is excellent2) No lag even with 2GB ram3) Camera is OK- Dont expect much4) Storage is a concern but can be solved with 32 GB versionVery bad quality body..got the phone yesterday and it just fell from 2 ft height and the glass is shattered as if a vehicle has crushed the phone, a great example of Made in India product..only features..no durability at allvery good mobile, proud to own.For the waitlist xiaomi u suck.Very good phone. Worth Buying!!good oneMast haiExcilentNice oneToo niceGood oneAwesome.ultimateVery gudToo goodNice appNise PESAwasomNice buyGood oneBest one in the price range.I purchase it for my Brother in Law. He was using it for last one month. He has also feel heat while browsing internet or watching videos for hours. So i suggested if u able to spent more, then go for other one.SuperbbbGood oneIf u really expecting for gud camera then redmi 1s 8mp camera is better than this....in low light images n video look like VGA camera don't get cheated if u are a photo freak.Camera 1/10..coming to performance 9/10Value For Money Package with Reliance CDMA SUPPORTFEELING FANTASTIC THAT THIS REDMI NOTE 3 SUPPORTS CDMA & GSMNice phone superAwesome it is...The product is more than expected.  Very elegant Look, no heating problem, display is good, speed is very fine and the design is awesome.  But the camera is not upto mark.  it is not comparable other than apple phones.First of all, "isse kehte hip hop hip hop".mi note3 (2gb & 16Gb Rom) recently received with 1 day amazon delivery.i dnt knw y people r blaming the product. i m using it from last few days and dindnt find any cons of the product,1.  i hav got an update from MIUI 7, i installed it nd the phon is working beyond expectation.2. there is no bad quality camera,,, i hav seen cameras of many smartphons that fails under low light, but 10000 me is se better kya loge?? awsm3. if u hav enough money than go for higher end version otherwise configuration under 10000 is enough. finally there is no heating problem, nd as its a metal body so it conducts heat in a better way so its a +point.dnt go for letv , lenovo or meizuclose ur eyes and go confidently with this budget smart phoneTransparency issue with redme note 3 , you are not providing earphone with the phone, and this fact hide by you.BadProducts Don't buy it It has heating issue my phone bend inwards because  Of it .and poor cameraguys this is the worst phone i ever used ....seeing the quality of the screen ...i was verry dissapointed and upset using this phone ...i dropped it once from my hand and the whole screen has jst kind of crushed.....i m very dissapointed using ds phone ... i even asked amazon to plz collect the product from me for replacement or replace me the screen free of cost........but i havent got any answers yetSecond sim and memory card slot is same which was not mentioned in item description. So I returned this phone.NiceGoodgoodGoodThey dont wanna sell the phones im trying for last every sale im nt able to buy itWhat is d point in saleRear camera is too bad ......When I play asphalt 8 traffic racer or traffic rider  sometimes I am not able to turn left or right... Calibration problems are happening but when I play asphalt nitro it's work perfect..  What should I do guys?There's a little heating problem... camera of the phone is average.. touch quality and display is good.. metal body looks classic fringerprint sensor is not absolute but still.. a great time saving feature to unlock.. music quality is good.. i have been using it for 2 days now.. and the best thing is battery backup... few minutes of charge and u r done for the day... overall satisfactory experience in this price.As expected good product to buy with such specification at reasonable cost, go for it without second thoughtIts nicE.....@10000 wat i expected i got more than that.A good quality cellphone i must sayThere is a bit of heating problem but its jst a minor problem wat i think. haPpy to get mi note 3Its battery backup is so good..  Camera average... But rear camera is excellent... Fringer print scanner respond very fast....  Sound of speaker is average...  Overall it is very good smart phone...  4.5/5...it's a good phone on this price. at a time only one sim can be used. if i use second sim,will remove memory card from the device.when i play heavy games, it get heat early.battery backup is very strong.Everything is good, however gradations in auto brightness could have been smooth (comparing to Sony xperia)Good product and timely delivery.Wil update further details after some use. As of now perfect for 10k range....only one problems is charging and watching video time heating ,charger is very law qualityNot compatible with every microphone poor connectivity as well as hometheater bad audio jack,Over heating while charging ,over heating after 1 hr during pH. Call,over heating their charger too while chargingDissatisfied with performance of this particular piece, am currently using this same phone n its working is very good, hence recommended for others too. I request that redmi pls chk quality control properlyLooks Rich!! Camera seems good in bright lights, but performs average in dim lights. Battery back up is good.Facing issues while cutting the call, otherwise the mobile is good..Average Mobile!!Excellent handset. Camera is really good in well lighted area, not bad in low light.Speed is awesome! Butter smooth display panel. Missing are 1. No OTG, 2. No Camera function by Finger print sensor.Must buy. It's good product.M really happy getting it!!!Brilliant looks working fineCamera Not Upto The Mark....Good product worth for moneyNot working properly. Audio quality is very poor.SIM insertion is not good. Always not reachable, because SIM connection is very poor.I would like to return this product. Please help mr.My cahrger is not working properly and what is even fingure touch sensor also not working started lots off problems after 10 days what do I do now with is even a charger is not working to charge my mobileIts awsome phone....Heating issue faced when I used first time but after  updating its work properly and no heating.So dear if you face heating issue with this phone please update system and enjoy.Xiaomi should think to provide seperate slot for memory card so that both slot can be used for SIMStill selling in flash sale...  This is ridiculous.... I guess moto G4 plus far better than Mi3 note..Camera quality is very badphone camera clarity is not good iwant my money back this is the unsatisfied and worst product to buy.its cam clarity is not there as shown in specifications.so please return my money backGud mobile for Redmi note 3very bad result dont buy itExcellent product by XiaomiThis mobile is really awesome.no lagging or any other issue.Battery backup is also good.I see many,review about its heating.issue while charging.If u use that charger then mobile.heats up.But in case u use any,other like Samsung charger then heating issue not occurred. But on other charger mobile.charges very slow.Camera of this mobile is average. If u take pic.from close then u will get awesome pic.but if u want to take longer range pic then camera does not take any high quality pic.  Also video recording quality is too poor.Display is full HDIf u want to buy this mobile just remember one thing camera is average and charger which comes worh mobile if u,use ur mobile heats up,,,,,,Don't buy this productThe mobile is hang and switch off  suddenlyDoes not work properlyJust because it is so hard to buy dis phone, i am a big fan of xiomi but not of there selling strategy, and looking at the demand of this phone it is really a pain in the a** to buy this phone specially a 3 gb RAM version. I cant wait anymore just a last try in the next sale after that i gona buy a diffrent phone and xiomi u will lose one of ur loyal customer.I want xiaomi red I note 3 gold 32 GBBut my order not improved  please help line noNotNice phone for this price range and no heating issue. Smooth and great look. User friendlyI buyd mobile on mar28 but now mobile is hanging and screen blinks cant even operate.. What to doTo goodGOOD A+Awesomeawesomelove itexclentAwesomeAmazingGreat!!This pohne internel memory is only 9gb usetwo sim is not work only one and memory cardEagerly waiting to have:)good mobile in under10000Mobile was very heating ?Add to chart did not workuseless phone...camera quality is not upto the mark of 16 mp.just in few hrs its gets too much hang...sensor is the biggest threat on these mobile,does not support....Everything is fine like battery ,performance. it is the best phone in this category. Front camera is also good but rear camera is not good.in artificial light picture are far too blurrThis phone is not good.. If I do cellular network settings automatically it turns to manual mode every time i have to check for the availability of the network I didn't like this phoneAwesome phone in 10k..don't think even once before booking & don't go on negative reviews..truly awesome phone..thanku Mi and amazon fr dis wonderful phone in such a small budget..Believe me Gold looks better then black, it looks royal, though i dint bought with choice but had to ordered Gold for non availability of Grey/Black one.but i am happy with GoldNice to see this phone in my hand..feature is excellent.. Between 3 to 5 days facing no heating problem..but one thing I have to ask why redmii not giving headphone with this phone?Nice phone,  great stuff#1 mobile under 10000 RsI did not buy this phone from Amazon. But I imported it from China the 32gb version.The phone is really awesome.  I liked the UI..... It's interactive and has so much of possible customisation.  It is working fine have been using it for past two months.Battery is sufficient and the phone response is very good.  Gets hot some times ofcourse this is obvious because it has such a powerful processor.  I have been using android for first time but this one feels like IOS.Go for it guys,  but if just want to do WhatsApp and Facebook then go for a low cost mobile.  If u want performance for productive apps then go this one.High specification phone at reasonable price. Very good battery life(around 1 and half day with wifi and 4g on). Looks classy too. For now, Enjoying the features and loving it :)Not a valuable product to buy.  This is the first ever flop product through Amazon..Do not buy this product . cheap quality, heating issue , camera quality is also bad.Not good as excepted I have use a month this mobile. My review is Battery is not Good as it mentions.camera is bad. And network problem also, user can't listen my voice clearly.Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (Gold) is pretty good finger print sensor, battery, grip and voice but camera (both front and back) are not upto the mark. Hope it will be fixed in updates.mobile functioning is very good. front camera doesnt feel like 16mp but it is good.i received a faulty  charger except that  both amazon and mi sevrices are really goodThis is a very good smartphone and all the features of this phone is very good.... Service of Battery is very good... The service time of the is 24/25 hours using of internetEverything except the camera is gudI think my old ace has better camera than this oneEverything else is funIf u dnt prefer abt the camera then take this setThis phone has a battery problem . First i replaced the phn . Again same problem occurs then i refund ...2nd front camera is vga  ..all over phn is good except these 2 issuesI am using this phone from 1 week and till now I have faced any issues, only draw back which I felt is limitation in using Dual SIM and Extended memory, like I am restricted to use either SIM + SIM or SIM + Memory card, considering 16 GB internal memory one has to go for extended memory but that bargain with SIM 2.I am completely disappointed with Camera Quality as they claim 16 MP but in reality they are not, I compared this phone with Lenova Vibe, their clarity is 5 times greater.I faced heating issue when I played 3patti.I would recommended to go with 32GB and 3GB Ram, but 16GB+2GB is not a good dealCraa hai babe!!!!!!!!!!Nice...... Paisa vasoolGot this product 2 days before but tried it today. The front camera was not working. Have asked for replacement. If a new phone behaves like this, this make is not worth it.Every thing is perfect in this phone,.  I like big screen and cool camera features,,  both are available in this phone and i like most in this is its design,,,  sooo nice,,,My First review on Redmiused it for a day only, looks are stunning, it will definitely beat any expensive phone, Sound quality Good, picture quality good, camera performance is good in day light, low light performance is average, but still it can be used, battery back up is good i have used it as a daily user only for surfing, phone calls, whatsapp, some pictures clicking, full day connected to wifi, battery drained 25 % from morning 10 am to 8pm after full charge. it is commendable backup for daily user, best feature is fingerprint sensor opens phone in 3 sec.i have not used in gaming and video watching for long hours, heavy usage may heat up the phone. i received an MIUI update today, after update phone was heating a little bit. but not as much other phones are heating till now.Available memory is 11 gb not 16 gb, and user available is around 9.5 gb. one sim is nano sim, one sim is small sim, you may have to sacrifice one sim if you want to use a memory card for expansion.IN BOX - phone and charger with cable only, phone catalogs and nothing else, you may have to purchase an ear phonewill update later with more feedback.Nice phone with best features , ull hardly get the best features in this price range. Go for it guys , good camera quality. I am not a critics but yes from last 2 year I used two phones of MI series and I never got disappointed from them and now MI note 3 ,it's gud , go for it guys.only one problem in the phone there is two sim slots but second sim slot is not working , if u use the memory card then it access , this phone is usually used for one sim.Every thing is right on this phone except the camera it really not upto the mark I think its not even 8MP at the rear really disappointed. Even selfi cam is ok ok type...In my mi note 3 there is a wifi problem i cant share files by sharing apps ....Good display. Faster charging. Good battery backup. But we cant use app freely because app security. Phone colour is not good looking. Sound issue. Heating is Very HighIts a budget phone and compact phone, camera is not good though despite being a 16mp one, sounds are good, display is best and it has sunlight readability, not much lagThis is a very bad phone .......many problem in this phone1..heeting problem2..hanging  problem3.processor it's to slow.4..camera very bad......Very good phone.Superb quality in each and every aspect. Above all superb battery life. Anybody having a budget upto 12000 must buy redmi note 3.Thanks Amazon and Mi .It's very good productIts a fine mobile set.I like camera quality.very nice redmi note 3quality fone.. awesomeGood product good dealI want to buy this oneFirst of all i write this review after using Redmi note for 18 days of usage.Phone is not viable product, Don't GO for it, it is heating like iron box, battery is draining fast once you use the 32GB memory cards.even I didn't use 4G & 3 G internet. it switch off drain the battery with in 6 hours.Amazon is telling, we need to evaluate the products with in 10 days, otherwise we need to go for warranty for service center after 11 th day if problem occurs.They are concentrating only on making Profit with this MNC not taking care of customers.you can't evaluate phone like electronic products with in ten days??so don't buy any Redmi products,It is my own experience, Think before you buy how hard we are work to earn money??They creating artificial requirment to market this products by flash sale, so don't buy this Redmi note 3To all those complaining about heating problem while charging...yes It does heat up..but I think it is because of fast charging its absorbing more voltage than the normal phones without fast chargingPros1.good battery backup2.good bright display3.full aluminum body ..premium look4.16mp back and 5mp front does the job perfectly5.infrared blaster6.fingerprint scannerCons1.hybrid sim slot cannot insert a sd card if 2 sims are already inserted2.ram managment..only 800_700 mb available3.heating issueAnother bulls*** flash sale. claim gets over in 3 seconds. I succeeded in adding to cart, but again same stupid story tat i cant checkout and it throws errors. If u cannot meet the requirements do not create sales. Go and do some better job that you can make itExcellent smart phone on economy budget except poor selfie camera at night time and without corning gorilla glass protection. Overall superb in all other features.Worst product always an defect  in the device. Two problems has been facedUsing this phone from 3 weeks. This is an awesome phone. Updated all the softwares. No signal issue noticed till now. But once you keep it for charging with the charger provided by company; trust me you can easily cook dosa/omelette on it. This issue I have rectified by using my Microsoft lumia 640 charger. Now no major heating issue apart from regular minor heat with continuous usage.Fingerprint works like a charm; never failed in recognizing finger. Touch response and device speed is fast enough. 4 rating only because of that frying charger.Good phone by Redmi and no heating problem. Battery backup is good and Amazon services was best delivered me within two days. With the budget good to Buy.Redmi note 3 is good phone in this price range.phone looks slim  feels heavy.overall performance is good. .few drawbacks:Camera not upto markPhone contact not shows number listBattery heated up during charge.Rest all is greathorrible mobile... Please do not buy... the phone heats up like crazy....Great mobile at best price.. Gold looks more premium than other colours..very good purchase...Sim card not detectedPhone is okay,overheats when used more.. Good for those who just want a good-looking,big-screened smartphone.. Go for the 32GB,3GB RAM instead.. or go for MI 4iBlindly go for this  cell itz  just awsum no lagging issue don't believe on fake reviews It heats a little  only during charging or else no prblm during usingCameraAwsomeSuperbJordarsuperbsexonaAwsome5 statNicceeIst good Iranbox weast of moneyThe phone is good ... But there is a problem u can use either dual sim or sd card .... So please check it .... From buy ... ..otherwise phone call s good.... My brother bought this mobile. Worst experience . 2gb Ram is not sufficient , u hv so many applications nowadays running on processor makes 2gb insufficient.Nice phone wid good configurations nice camera display is alsoBut no flash for front camera650 sd is also goodOptical zoom is not so goodGreat looks and build qualityVivid displayBest CPU performanceVery good battery lifeOffers good value as per as phone configuration5 star isn't  enoughIt,svery smart phoneUnder 10k best phoneIt does not have camera support by finger print scanner . so y so company promised to give that feature but they fail........Otherwise it is good .I m glad to got an opportunity to buy this one so early in context of reviews about mobile I think it s too early to judge though I'm satisfied and happyworst flash sale ever .... will buy le tv 1s.... bie bie xiaomi ...Get the OS updated as the sims have some issues getting recognized.Not expecting such bad camera quality. Not a good deal.  The positive thing is only it's battery backup. Otherwise there is nothing good in this phone.I like the built quality but was not expcting with the hard ware like this .My microphone stop working within a week and its in service center.Awesome smart phonegood value of moneyTotally waste moneyDo not buy this phone if u are a internet guy.Xiaomi redmi note 3 has many connectivity issues..2g Internet do not work most of the time..Net do not respond 20 hours out of 24 hours..Also in 4g and 3g speed is very slow as copare to any other 4g phone..i am an experienced person and i tested this network issue at many places like delhi jaipur rewari hisar rohtak some parts of UP.this phone is bulls***.i hate this xiaomi phone ..i want refund ..any how i don't know..I was purchased past one month.Good1.metal bodey and slim.2.battery was good3.Finger print4.Sound clarity super5.Display and tuch super.NOT GOOD1.HEAVY HEATING WHILE CHARGING AND VIDEO PLAYING TIME, NOT HAPPY.2.NETWORK MODE AUTOMATICALLY  CHANGED WHILE SETTINGS MANUAL MODE.3.RAM AND PROCESSER NOT UPTO THE SPECIFICATIONS.4.2ND SIM SLOT  USE SIM OR MEMORY CARD SLOTMANY BRAND MOBILE HEATING PROBLEM  VERY BAD .Every thing is fine with the phone except the speaker position.too worst product out look is good but when youstart using you will be ffinding the problems  not a recommended one to use canera quality is worstCamara performance is not up to the mark like 16 mp .it look like 8 mp.except this over all good feature and handy stylish phone in this price....Battery problem and not for Volte support. Just fake network problem havy. Jio sim volte not properly work don't try this mobile sale sab fack haWhy.......  Both Sim and memory card  are not working.....Only one sim and memory card working..Phone are very heatNice phone for 10kUseless mobile don't expect more. No choice for particular net work selection like Lenovo.doubt about processor not working up to the mark.lingaraju p h, I B M Egl A Black embassy Golf Links off Indiranagar, koramangala intermediate Ring Road, BANGALORE, KARNATAKA, 560071 IndiaRedmi note 3  was  exlent ( 2gb ram model )Bild quality  : 10 / 10Display  : 3/ 10 ( 0 sunlite vesibilety)Battery back up : 10/10Performance  : 5 /10Cemera  : 9.5 /10Call quality  : 10/10charging  time  too much over heatingsome times close the 1st simwat is thinking mi , just businnes  and cheating people .battefy life is satisfactory..but phone hangs ocassionally...even the finger sensor wont work ocassionlly...auto bright adaptation is poorihave need 32gb variantsBought it for my father, nice phone with super quick fingerprint sensor with an awesome battery life, woks for 3 days if not used mildly.It is worst product...it is not fully dual sim phone. It can use asSum1+sim2. Or sim1+memory card..We can not use as sim1+sim2+memory card at a time.And in camera 13mp is OK but no additional options like night mode,...etc...And majorly mobile is getting heat,when we talk 5mins also. This phone is cool when we are inside room at low temperature. When we go outside it is getting too much heat.Worst Piece. Got replaced battery within 20 days of purchase as it was not getting charged more than 40%. Not expected this from Amazon.THERE IS NO 2 SIM CARD SLOT ITHER U HAV TO INSERT NANO SIM OR MEMORY CARD , IF U WANT TO BUY FOR DUAL SIM THEN DON'T BUY THIS PHONE.....ghatiya quality product. don't waste moneyThe phone is pretty amazing. One issue is that the phone heats up quite a lot while charging but otherwise no prominent heating issues.I don't like it's touch and camera(maybe coz I use s6 which is a lot more costly).. but redmi note 3 is the best at this price range..I have purchased this mobile this week only but it catches hear while it is in charging..what to do now???Should I replace it??!THIS Is a good mobile in this price Rs. 9999.00, camera quality is so soooo. SD card problem. we cant use sd card with dual sim cards.Fantastic productVery Heat problemGood mobile phoneWe are not able to use 2 sims and memory card at a timeI received my phone on 30th March. Instantly I fell in love with this phone. Very responsive touch screen and fingerprint sensor. 4050 mAh battery lasts more than 36 hours with 3G on. Didn't face any heating issue except while charging. Played asphalt 8 without any lag. Camera does not feel like 16MP but a decent one I must say. This is my first experience with xiomi and I am very impressed with their UI and overall performance.This phone is more Heating  while charging , gaming and normal using ,and high-end gaming is lag on this phone on 3gb ram , 32 GB romNice phone for the money paid.. General issue is heating... Beside heating, one sim and one mc, or two sims... No seperate mc slot..Cheap Marketing, trying since last 5 flash sale to get 32GB model, but no luck... just waist of time...stop fooling people like thisxiaomi its very bad. i want 3gb variant please update/available it againhey guyzzz dont buy ...2gb variant ...available 3GB  variant on every sale...Its back camera is too bad and in night it nothing to show......it is totally fack .....16 mega pixel.......It is fakeWorst phone on network don't buy it ....not even get network...I have other mobile get full range but note 3 shows no network ...mobile is very good futures . i have once problem with this thiere is no dual sim option. phone also its heating wile talking....Not good phone very hanged phone apps are not running properly camera quality is not good fingerprint sensor not working properlyWanted the grey version.. But this will make do!! :)unable add to cart...Radmi note 3 is a bad phone he very hiring my maney not refund please not a parchage for this phone my contact number 8650528650THIS PHONE HAS MANY PROBLEMS. many apps are auto closing. I AM WATCHING A VIDEO AND SUDDENLY IT AUTO CLOSES, I AM DOWNLOADING a video and it auto closes.many important apps are auto closing. i searched on net many other people are facing same problem. no use buying redmi phone . though it has high specs but many problems, very dissappointed,,buy a low spec but reputed brand you will have peace of mind..Nice and display is also good but battery also good1, Perfect delivery.2, mobile looks very smart.3, memory card not working.4, after 2 minutes heating problem.Amazingly fast delivery by Amazon!!Excellent product by Mi!Good performanceNot good Not badNice product ...Worst sales everProvide earphoneAmazing mobile..Its performance is not up to the mark.During multitasking it pops a message one sec. Phone and  charger untouchable during battery charge getting too much heat.OkNice phone, each one buy this phone,no problemAll type of feature is good.Camera, video, speed, etc are excellent.Your regular audio jack doesn't work with this device.Rest is good. It is fast Android device, with good battery backup.My handset shows 6 GB space available. My hand set total space is 16 GB. I am going to replace it. Let's see what happen next.SuperGood.SuperGood.Grt!!SuperSuperGood.GreatSuperJust one word "Awesomness"....The perfect budget premium phone...i faced few problems many times. call disconnect and call receiving did not work some times. there are hanging problems also.build quality is good, but having software bugs , and camera not good as mentioned, blurish photo in night with lots of noise, its not anymore give 16 mp camera quality photos.in pepper high specs that mean not is should be that in real life.  i m not satisfiedwith camera, if u looking for a good camera phone then this one might not for u. battery backup also very good, diplay quality also desen sunlight visibility good, but display not scratch resistant. finger prints works goodamazing phone and price at its best..!!!!!!!!!!!!Phone's very good in looks and have fingerprint sensor in this price, but it really heats when on charging, because of heating situation I gave 4 stars.The best phone you can get at this price point..Nice product.processor,camera,battery and running  performance is very superb.I I'll provide 5out of 5.very lovable model.Superbfront camera not working.... returned the phoneHeating problemVery good phoneAwesome phone..Camera not goodBattery averageBattery removerVery nice phoneVery nice phoneThanku got d product next olyFastest deliveryGood productColor is not exactly goldSuper featuresVery good phone .I am using this more the 15 days and there no prlm all over is best.Batt. Backup is good.Few features are not best like16MP camra the photo clicked is not like 16mp camra.Its equal to 13mp camra.AndNetwork tower is not showing in village my previous phone Meizu M2 was showing atleast 3-4 bt redmi showing no tower.Its fab...I am using first time any mi product.I have purchased 2gb/16gb redmi note 3.But there is some issue regarding calling function.When someone call me it shows switch off to them but at that time my phone working properly and also no any network issue..So thats why sometime i miss my important calls..I think its major problem..amazon is very fast delivery i like this so much mi note 3 aswome  rocking but thing is battary is not removabal so badWorst flash sale ever....just fr 1 sec ....lolI want to buy right now but it does not show buy optionAmazing mobile at amazing price, mobile Out look was very good.smooth UI ..mi keeps rock for few years in India.Timely  delivery by Amazon....The phone screen went black n display was not working... Bought the phone today only... Requested a replacement now...Great phone...slight heating issues while charging and dropping around 80%...Its far worth priceits just awsomeExcellent product ever use :)Awsome..no bugs n no lags with no low memory prob ...long lasting battery with fast charging support :)do not buy the product. its worst product. i am also fooled by the xioami. dont waste money on it. do not buy. not working with dual sim and no memory expandable.Unbeliveble phoneReally good phone.huge screen. Has slight heating issues when charging or surfing and is suddely switched to a callExcellant battery backup, nice finger print scanner, awsome look, nice camera, its reasonable of buying this phone.more then expected :)1.build quality is awesome.2.display is quite good.3.2GB ram management is better the other Samsung's dibba phones.4.no heating issue not even on charging.5. Camera quality is good but it could be more batter .6. Only irritate the sticker on the back panel. Very difficult to remove .For more details. Contact me anytime.Build quality is good. But phone is a bit slippery. Finger print sensor and IR works fine. Moderate heating issue.Super featuresjust awesome!!Camera is bestCamera problem solve just download open camera app  photo and video quality awesom get4k uhd video recording experiencre redmi note3 rocksSuperb phone..http://www.amazon.in/Xiaomi-Redmi-Note-Gold-16GB/dp/B01C2T6I6G?ie=UTF8&redirect=true&ref_=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_0Very nice mobile but there are problems with mobile networks... Mobile is a little bit big for maybe small hands.It is a good mobile but I find some issues..1. Heating2. Network problem3. Camera quality4. Display5. Apps not working (some)OMG! Worthy taking this phone. I thaught it would be heavy its damn lighter. Camera unbelievable superb clarity.Performance so far is ditto to what majority of the owners opinion. Only minus as to every other phones in this range is the Camera, just Ok , not great. Speed fine, Battery is the big PLUS for this phone , after using DATA.WIFI continously , you will still have 50% battery remaining by the time you reach home after 8pm on a full Charge.Very nice mobile.good battery backup no heating issue.fingerprint working very fast.nice design i like so much.While using the apps like fb, YouTube, video player screen rotating itself to landscape mode perfectly. But after sometimes it doesn't rotate to normal portrait mode. I tried to close the apps and open it again it's continuously seems landscape mode. I'm getting frustrated. I found the unsatisfied solution for this issue. What it is means turn off the phone and turn on it again.Phone is good but while charging phone is heating and screen is not scratch proof is easily getting  Scratch'sI got a defective piece.. after 10 days .it automatically got off.. and now not getting started .what to do???gooodToo gud just buy and enjoy this amazing phone with a awesome price and features...... .Mi u won my heart n faith keep it upLook for 5000 'rs more you can get a samsung..it will last you for a long time and the camera Works very well..as does the phone..god help you if you ever need any after sales..with these cheap Chinese brands..do you remember UMI X2..Where are the service centres for that?Chinese brands have no accountability..so why bother..Good product. there are some minor issues. I hope the mi devolopers will fix it in the next software update.Best product and best service from Amazon ...nothing more to say. Amazon doing amazing things...keep going..Very good mobile phone, nice looking, good quality, battery backup very good, overall result is satisfactoryWhile charging and talking phone gets heated.....and the incoming callers did not hear our voice clearly....give me phoneI wanted 32gbHeating issueWoreast phoneThey are not selling 32gb version. redmi is cheating the customers by not prodiving the mobile in sales. utterly disappointed.Very poor battery performance, i want return my phone. i bought on 13th april and received on 19th april.Amazing Amazon and Amazing xiomi note3What happen when battery are damage.. So what i do and battery are unremovable so its rightvto purchase or not...Worst selling service. I did not get the phone after 3 failed flash sale. But thanks to Motorola that launched Moto G4 Plus with much better camera, more multi core performance, Stock Android Marshmallow, Better SIM management (no hybrid), better design and biggest plus point open sale. Thanks Moto again.Nice one...its good.....this 2 GB Model lags a little while heavy functioning...otherwise all's good...To my surprise this phone is a CDMA + GSM dual phone. Battery is the best overall for phone I give 10 or of 10.  I noticed an issue with OS. I could not connect to Google play store issue is still there I am looking to visit service center for this.The finger print scanner works like a charm.VERY VERY BAD MOBILE PHONEFRIENDS TWO DAY AGO I RECEIVED REDMI NOTE 3 PHONE.AND I AM VERY UNHAPPY ON PHONE.BECAUSE OF FOLLOWING REASONE,1. NO REPLACEMENT OF PHONE2. VERY BAD NETWORK OF SERVICE CENTER3. WE CANT INSERT  MEMBERY CARD WITH TWO  SIM4. ONE MICRO SIM AND ONE NANO SIM SYSTEM  IS VERY COMPLICATED5. THOSE WHO WANT TO USE  TWO SIM WITH MEMBERY CAR CANT USE IT.6. INTERNAL MEMBERY IS ONLY 9GB FREE OUT OF 16 GB WHICH IS NOT SUFFICIENT WITHOUT MEMBERY CARD.7. PICTURE QUALITY IS NOT UP TO MARK.8. NO.EARPHONE WITH PHONE.9. SOUND QUALITY IS NOT UP TO MARK10. ONLY THEY ARE MARKETING PHONE IN INDIA BY  CREATING ARTIFICIAL DEMAND BY REGISTRATION.11. WE CANT OPEN THIS PHONE.12. ONLY USE AND THROUHGT PHONE13. OVER ALL NOT MACHING WITH THERE ADVERTISING FEATURES.14. OVER ALL VERY BAD FEATURE PHONE.awesome product, fast delivery, redmi did a great job with this phone, at this price this one is best.It is good mobile but both sim are not working alongwith sd card, it is major drawback of this mobile.A very good Phone with high quality Camera and a long lasting battery. Fully satisfied with the phone.Worst productwao so good product camera is amazing look dasu no heating fast charging iphone6 iske samne bekar haiGrt phone with best build quality...creating a false hype by these flash sales. I read in news that no registration required for 27th April sale.But today, when I tried to purchase it without registration, it gave me error during checkout that only registered candidate can purchase.cheap tactics to sell products.Awesome cameraGreat battery backupPerformance greatSD card slot needed seaparatelyAwesome phone with all features that a phone should have.With very best sleek looks. No cons only pros phone. Budgeted phone with hifi phone quality. Must buy phone.  Recommended. Thumbs up. Using since a month n facing zero issues. Thanks Xiaomi for providing such best features phone.waste of timeNice productGood productNice...phoneGreat phone.nice productCamera is disappointing for me rest is OK. I hope Xiaomi will fix this with their upcoming updates.Really 2 weeks waste d my time.....Phone is awesome, i got my xiomi redmi note 3 phone after waiting for more than two months.when i opened this ,  it slips from my hands and breaks touch. Plz suggest what i do to change its touch (minor crack upper side ). It is difficult for me to digest that have i got it or loose this.One of the best phone at this price rangeMany people are not able to purchase through flash sale in amazon, So try to purchase in MI Web site which I purchased another phone through there website today.  The phone was available for the whole time in the MI website. So try next time.The best product at this price..perfomance of this phone is very good . Batery life of this phone is also awesome .guys i u wanna buy a gud smartphone under 10000 then go for it...the only issue i found that the camera quality isnt look like 16 mp..but this price range i think is good..Best phone under 10k. No heating issue.  There are lot them who said the charging time of this phn is approx 3hr. Bt it take only 2hr to get full charge. And u can lock apps with fingerprint lock.  Many of them saying they cannot lock apps with fingerprint lock. Overall the best phone.Phone is good. But my second sim slot is not working. Worst service of amazon or MI . Dont buy it.good to wait for this... meanwhile I bought MOTO G4 plus which is readily available with Brand...The phone is good.  But the screen heats up a lot. I want it replaced.  Let me know the procedure.awsmGoodNicegoodGoodgoodgoodgoodNiceGoodNicrGoodGoodGoodGoodniceNiceNiceNiceGoodGoodbestNicegoodbesrGoodBestGoodgoodGoodGoodgoodGoodGoodGoodNiceOsemgoodgoodGoodgoodgoodcoolGoodCoolGoodgoodgoodGoodgoodpoorGoodgoodGoodGoodGoodBest phone I ever used.Switched to this phone from my Galaxy Note 2.Redmi Note 3!MiUi-10/10Battery life- 30 hours minimum on good amount of usage.Feel and look- 10/10...Mind blowingCamera-9/10No gaming lags!Amazing phone for 9999!got this product today no problem at all love most of the features except the hybrid sim option.Its the height of stupidity by Amazon of creating a fake flash sale.If you seriously think that within a span of 15seconds 2lakh handsets are booked by customers than its not us but u are making a fool out of urself assuming that we people cant call your rubbish blunder.good16 GB is not worth taking for those who loves to store music and all .....only 9.33 GB internal memory is given to user for use. And now in turn to use memory card I have to close second sim ....so these two are only a drawback ...everything else is excellent about this phoneI received MI note 3 after 4 days in very good condition. It is working well without any issue.TOUCH, LOOKING IS VERY GOOD BUT BUT AVAILABLE RAM SPACE IS NOT ENOUGH. CAMERA ALSO LOW QUALITY.Bahut acha phone hai, battary bhi acha hai 2 din chl jata hai net or call use krte huye looking ka to jawab hi nhi or usse bdhiya hai finger print scanner jo ki fast kaam krta hai esme jo khami hai ki ye battary non removable hai or sim bhi ek hi lga skte hai or ek sd cardNo 3gb ram, 32gb memory I am big fan of mi family but this make me bad impression on mi family32 gb model gonna avilable or not. ..16 gb is not for me...Pathetic Flash Sales. .Guys, Instead of wasting time in just increasing the brand value of this POS brand, please just go for some other phones. Lenovo has launched their brilliant phone at this segment Vibe K5 plus or LeTv Le1s which has a true flagship processor. Stop wasting time on this!Camera could have been better. Fingerprint scanner n battery are amazing. Good value for moneybest mobileIt's very awesome phone . pretty slim for its massive battery and also light.But there is no app lock or selfie using fingerprint scanner , I think update should roll out soon for this , to be the first one to have that. In antutu 2gb ram has scored 70920 change.UpdateTODAY i had dropped my phone from 2 feet by mistake and i could not believe what happened, i got a small dent on the frame and at first the upper plastic part got opened a little and after i pressed it got set, but sad for the dent, not even 2months finished i had brought the phone, a little sad for the loss.Mobile received on time but there is hardware defect of proximity sensor which i came to lnow after 20 days of use. Now i have to gpne through a tidious process of replacement through MI.Quality compromised. This is what happens when we go for flash sale.*good battery back up*good clarity sound while listen to music and call*good lookI got this phone on 23 march sale... using it for thepast 5 days...10k range this phone is best... build quality ,camera, response time is very good..One thing what i didnt liked was sound.Sound is really low.Otherwise its reallu very cool..I put more expectations on the mobile.Camera is not upto the mark but  ok. Performance is very nice but memory management must be improved.Heating problem yet to rectify the problem.battery also not up-to the mark.A bit radiation also coming while using the phoneNice mobileAwsome cellHi,I am facing some issue with this mobile phone. Issue is charging after some time means 15-20min. Charging automatic disconnected and re connected. That's by I want to replace or return my mobile phone.....please do need full.....asapNice phone...vry good camera...After Using it for 1 week i am writing this reviewI have one word for this Phone "BEAST"Pros-Royal Look-Reasonable Front Camera(In low light the pixels are scattered)-Battery is mind blowing ( battery lasts for almost 2 days with high usage )-Gaming Experience  is AmazingCons-Sometimes it gets heated while charging  but still u can use it when charging-Finger Print Sensor sometimes does not respond in first try ( i would say it is 80% accurate)Conclusion  -  Go for it Blindly!!  But if you want 2 sim cards then go for 32gb variant !!Otherwise buy 16gb version  and expand the memory with 32gb sd card ( it is more than enough)I have trouble in detecting sim.Would it be a range problem? It detects only at some areas.Working great but rear camera'a performance is not so good.Fort camera is excellent..Average phone but looks so nice.rear camera is giving averge quality images.audio quality is average . phone response is well.no multi touch,nominal fingerprint sensor,phone battery is discharging within  6 hours (3 online+3 offline use).This phone is average.touch sense Is OK.Ram is filled 1.25gb with data and we can use only on 750 mb free for our operating.sim tray is not convenient for dual sims and not comfortable for use.no heating problem while using and it is getting little bit heating on charging.totally average phone.not bad.excellent response.Rear camera. 6/10Front camera 6/10Display.  8/10Audio.  6/10Look.  9/10Interface 10/10Battery.  8/10Best its price range.Product is okay, but no service, no spares....so buy a product which has parts and serviceEverything is good .But their is some bugs in its finger print.Redmi should be work on it.While Charging  the mobile is too hot can't touch it .... Except this everything is superbNot happy with this. Waiting for next Xiaomi Redmi 3. Hope it will fulfill my requirement.Very impressive specs. Premium build in a budget price. Running very smoothly. Battery is awesome. Camera is average. MIUI is eating lot of RAM. Getting heated up while playing games.I am loving this phone though... ;) Best value for your money.Update on 20th March 8.45 PM : Last night 8.45 PM phone was 100% charged. Today 8.45 PM 30% of the charge was left. I used the phone moderately with calls, texting, browsing, Facebook, WhatsApp, YouTube and 30 mins of gaming. On 19th March I could use 10% of my battery for 2.5 hrs. I am really surprised with the battery. I will be connected to internet all the day either with wifi or 3G. Try your luck on 23rd March ;)There is no option for byyVery nice phone thanks for MI. Only thing is two sim n memory card doesn't work together you hv to sacrifice on one that is either 1 sim n memory card or two sim no memory card. WTF. Else phone is very speedy , looks premium n fulfills all requirementsThe rear camera is not up to the mark. . .In low light it's very noisy and in good light conditions even though the pictures look good it doesn't have enough details when you zoom in. . . Except the camera clarity the phone is awesome. . .Chinese phones are turning out to be a miracle.. Xiaomi redmi note3 is one amongst them..I started using mobile after 21days,  which meet my expectations.  Great value for money.Amazing phone which never lags. Camera is not up to the mark. Amazing fingerprint sensor.Camera quality is very poor ,not even 8 megapixel, and handset heats alott..handling issue, it slides from our hands. Even if the phone is kept idle, it heats around 43 degree Celsius. Very poor quality. Just metal looks, better go for lenovo k4 note.Itnay intjar nahi kar saktayGreat product ,only problem I am facing is WiFi drops at random intervals, it might be a setting issue with the router but other phones like iPhone4s and Samsung s6 and iPad don't have this issue,done times I feel the chipsets are not properly made.Good product,totally satisfied,ontime delivery,love it.I Will strongly recommend to buy.I am fed up of Xiaomi unable to provide the 32GB variant, finally bought Lenovo K4 note.Some time the fingerprint sensor does not work we have to open it by pin rest is alrightExcellent service and handsetSince two days experience, Mobile is good, no doubt about configurations and design. But problem is with the heat, iI started using internet and playing games it will heat up like anything.  I also disappointment about ear phone they not given.Its a good product using it from 4 days so far so good best deal for this price range..the phone is really good-do almost everything -i am loving the finger scanner security.Very bad product camera quality is very bad and not support dual sim with micro SD cardBest phone in 10000 range ths phone performance is superb camera quality greatnd screenSpecifications claim like full HD and 16mp camera  is far below the standard in redimi note 3. Missguiding to the customers by showing high specifications. I have found particular image taken by in high quality (16mp) poor images quality and image size below 100 kb while same image same time taken by other brand mobile of 13mp was much better and image size 2.5Mb.  Display colors and clarity  is far below in quality if compared with same specifications other mobile. Most of the customer cannot understand technical difference and all low cost mobile company are cheating.Bettry backup is very short other reviews not mention bettery backup.kindly suggest meFantastic phone. Impressed esp. by fast fingerprint sensor and awesome battery backup.Nothing so good in 16gb model. There are lot of better brands available in same price.Very nice mobile redmi note3Delivered a faulty piece. Wouldn't reboot. Got it replaced in 5-6 days.Best phoneOK for 10knice phoneVery heating during outdoorI basically bought this phone for its camera.Front camera is better then the rear one. Otherwise rear camera is also good. There is no pin for pulling out the slot for inserting sim so that is a bit of pain. I didnot find looks as attractive as is shown online. Also there is no manual or guaranty card. There are no headphones and my headphones for asus ZenFone 6 are not getting supported.Bluetooth ans sim1 data works ok. I didnot check sim2 and used memory card in second slot which also worked fine. Havenot checked battery backup as of now.Just bought it. Phone looks excellent!!! Need to use it to give further comments...very good.....back up awesome ............. sweet look ...... in one word fabulousgreat touch amazon delivery remarkably quick, i am happy and satisfied with phoneSrceen is fragile.  Dropped from hand and display broke.  Very much disappointedMi phones does heat up on and offMi doesn't seem to have a answer to that.nice cell phone but one problem there are no extra slop of memory card..........Device..Not working properly...im getting problem from first day of purchase....Awsome phonesmooth touchcamera is goodbest phone in this pricesuper mobile finger print option is nice...front camera beauty mode is superb...Chager is un serviceable and no of service centers are very less. For just replacing a chrger i have to go far away from my city.horrible services teken a wrong decision to purchase this phone not even able to use it.Too GoodIt's been a week of using this phone and all I can say.... it's just the best phone I have ever used so far.....just ignore the negative feedbacks given.....just go for it without a doubt. And trust you won't regret.The handset i delivered is a defective handset..else no problem..mobile is goodIt was a great experience to add the phone to cart in just 2 sec and with phoneThe sound of Speaker phone cracking. Not happy with the product. Do not buy it.I was purchased this product on 19/04/2016First iIwas happy with this but after inserting Sim and switch on my mobile  iIfound display is not looking like  full HD displayAfter few days  i insert  new micro SD card phone can't deduct after this my Sim is not working..Buld quality of the mobile is so bad.Camera quality is so badMany apps crash while using regularlyDisplay glass should be gorilla glassAnd phone is heating while chargingI Got the product today. Unable to open the SIM slot. Front camera is not goodvery nice phone...batty backup is good..big screen size 2 GB ram is nice....Good.. I am happy to say that its worthy for my money. Big Thanks to Amazon.Faced issued while ordering but in function phone is working fine till date.:( i m in love with phone....but they delivered me a defective item. today i have returned this phone and requested to send me a new phone.  SIM slot was not working fine.I hope new one would work fine.I want to purchase this but after seeing the negative comments . Thanks guygood looking and super battery .no words to say good performance. thank youLOW QUALITY PERFORMANCEHeats up like a heater...Heats up at little usage.....please don't buy itWait for some days. Meizu m3 note is coming on may 11. Dont buy this phoneIt is working fine and really impressed by Amazon service and but video recording clarity is not good battery is great and finger print sensor is goodRedmi note 3 is fantastic mobile this mobile battery backup is amazingCamera is not that much good. Everything else is perfect... Ib like itSuperb phone...No need to rethink. Go for it. Vakue for money product.Super good finish slim easy to handle & very fast delivery from AmazonPLEASE CHECK YOU PHONE IS WORKING PROPERLY. YOU HAVE OPTION FOR IT IN SETTING MENU. I HAD YELLOW TINT WHICH WAS NOT FIRST VISIBLE. AFTER A DAY OR TWO THERE WAS DULLNESS IN MY DISPLAYToday I update my device to miui 7.2.3.0 but there was a big problem with this device network issue my redmi note 3 16gb does not catch downlanding speed every update it remains samelooking for 32GBI get the first readmi not 3 is OK. But charger not working. Then I return it. But I got the second phone is not OK its over heating like a iron box .when charging and using hotspotHighly heating problem for all time in charging ,and without charging and processing very slow of mobile ,and internet speed very slow at 3G .....so phone is not good  ,it is trueAnyone want redmi 3 worth 9999contact me +917349343883 only Bangalorewtf man!!! what about 32gb handset...we are being cheated soo badly..Considering the price the mobile is really good but its horrible that mobile gets really super heated..... Disappointing ....... Hope any update may solve it as soon as possibleThis one is good one but one concern is there, in site it is showing 16 GB  and when i checked it is showing only 9.5 GB. Spoke to amazon team they are not aware of this and saying that OS and apps taking 6.5 GB of storage. But i don't think so. In site it is not at all mentioned anywhere. If any one would like to buy this plz check with seller and feed backs.I have gone through some other phones but those mobiles storage is more than this.NEWgodHiinicgudBadHhuI have bought the 16 GB version dark grey.Everything is good apart from caliberating the accelerometer sensor everytime I have to play games like asphalt 8,  and NFS etc.Worth phone with perfect config according to price, poor camera according to 16MP n 5MP n should b dedicated slots for card n sims, overall gud phone according to price..Can give rom of 32 gb in dis cost..otherwise the product is nice..Too much heat, good battery back up , but slightly default in cellI want a 32 gb model so I returned it, I am waiting for 32 gb now.Awesome phone.. The performance is awesome and the place where I was concerned was 2gb ram of it but it turned out it's not a prblm at all the phone works flawlessly and the battery is the biggest pros of this phone after charging it fully I got 3:30hrs or SOT WITH HEAVY USAGE  and 76% battery left.. Just stunned.. Though I don't use fingerprint sensor much but this phone made me do it it unlocks the phone almost in no tume...this is better thanPackage reached in perfect condition phone working extremely goodI want to go with this productbut I am waging 32 GB versionAgain a fast delivery and good service by amazonredmi note3 exceptionally doing well....Worth for each pennyPhone is good but internal memory 6gb eated by software and sim slot is same for memory card. So loosing memory storageDecided to go with Le 2 ..fake xiaomi go hell out of here ...why wasting all of our time..dats wy u choose India so dat de ll wait fr ur phone without doin anythingStop buying Chinese products. We are helping china directly by buying their productsWorst mobile phone ever ....Heat in 5 min charging .it just has a heating problem. the phone is awesome. i loved it.For last 2 sales 32GB model is not available. Please suggest some other phone of same specifications for same price.I want to upgrade to Redmi Note 3(32 GB) version as it is my kind of device which I wanted to have. But the flash sale system is really poor. The device should sell either in good number or it should sell in open sale like other phones. I am in last year of my college and only one month left now. I had missed so many moments of my college life due to lack of good camera phone. I had failed to get 32 gb version of NOTE 3 even sitting for full 1 hour on both days(10th March and 16 march). So please I request u to sell Redmi Note 3 32 gb version openly or provide me it directly so that I can capture remaining one month of my college life. I want a gold colour of Redmi Note 3 32 gb version. Please do somethingBest value for the money. Most updated phone at 10,000 price..Couldn't manage to get 32gb version so got this one, works way better than expected. Good Deal but of course feel 32gb one will be way better deal(Best Deal).The best you can get at 10k!it is totally awesome,using it for last 3 days.fingerprint sensor, display,camera is totally worth!I have not found any issue yet!Thumbs up! Value for money. No complain, 5 stars to Xiaomi & Amazon for one of efficient way of conducing sale.AmazingSiraaaaAwesomeAwesomeSo NiceAmazingSharvanAwesomeawesomeGreat phone amongst its contemporaries at this price range.Good mobile but cam Avg  excellent display  superb  looking good profomance  gud battery backupExelent productThe put the temperdglass on my phone & the phone was getting hang & now i replace the phone but the amazon dont give my money for temperdglassGood phone in this range all features are working properlyNot available in internal memory 16GB in Xiaomi  MI note 3I purchase for my friend .product is good as per describe.No Words to say i would have given more stars if possible.waste mobile go for le 1sIt lags in performance and multi-tasking. Due to the customized MIUI OS the available RAM is less. Better go for LE Eco 1S. Or wait till the launch of Le Eco 2S by 20th of April 2016. Xiaomi is just creating a market hype.its screen is soo soft brake in my poketdont get irTill time everything fine. Let's see phone performance...very good mobile , very smooth and good battery back up ,Got this phone today.Looking cute...worth for my money...Front camera not working... heating problem.. worst phonebest in range.  camera is quite ok.  battery life awesomeUp to the mark.... It's simple too good under 10k budget.this is super mobile i used kast 5 days battery life goodWorst It's not a mobile it's iron boxPros :1. Battery very good . works fine for 1.5 days. Normal continues social networking site usage2. Finger print response time is really good3. Network usage downloading good4. Screen resolution excellent5. Sunlight exposure excellent6. Speaker quality good7. No heating of device as review by other publicCons :1. No update to Android 72. Camera quality is not really up to the mark considering 16 MP3. Gorilla glass would be really a profitable deal.KekaHitting problemwrost mobile..,Value for moneyI am not buying this phone.This is not deal , its waste of time. And of coarse xiomi is not a big brand , not more than motorola i guessIt is a super product. There is much competition for it.Camera is horrible in night time. Very noisy. And pixels break in pics taken in day time. Finger print sensor fails to work many times.Bingo. You delivered it on time. The Mobile is awesome.This is a phone with good, sufficient RAM..The 16MP camera is an awesome one...The speed of d phone is jus awesomeLove uAMZINGextentThanksSuperbxiaomi ne ab tk ka sbse bakvaas fon lounch kiya he..camera quality sbse bkvaas he..sbse ghtiya camera..agar aap isko camera ki vjh se khid rhe to pls don't buy this product..isse acha ap meizu m2 note ya cool pad lelo..mene mi4i or redmi note 4g chla rkha he.but ye to sbse ghtiya mobile tha.ummid se bhi ghtiya.I suffering problam about network when i use dual sim both network disappear and mobile switch off automatically rest all is well.amazing phone with good quality camera and display....camara is not 16 mega pixel ,and also hittiing problemIn amazon its not showing buy options for redmi note 3Very nice Mobile with awesome features....4 Star only because, not able to insert micro SD card along with two Simcards....:-)Product not as per the expectations..heats up a lot .Just space problem after update otherwise good phone.Don't by mi note3Bad product  Chinese item soldThere was some issue but then it was fix after reset.16 MP. Vvvvvv bad camera qualityIn many reviews its  has been said camera is average and there is heating problem but I cannot give a negative feed back  regarding any aspect ,a great front cam which is 100%elgible for the tag (self  expert),and ,and bateery lasts for appromatily 3days ,friends without a second thought go for itVery good mobile @ 10k, metal body finishing  of the product is top notch, and also the impressive Amazon's product delivery.Very good mobile. Battery life and camera excellent.Little hanging and very very poor delivery in AmazonVery Disappointed..!!  Received a deffective mobile.Excellent phone and features provided by xiamoi...It is worthy mobile especially in battery storage.Good product, but courier facility is very worst..Thank you amazon!!!! Nice product I am very happy.The item is fantastic, just as it was described. I faced no issues in anything, loving it already. I hope all these negative feedbacks are out of frustration because of the flash sales and defective pieces but if you are lucky enough, the smartphone is quite excellent.Amazon and MI did fraud by mentioning their product description Redmi note 3 is metal body but its fake they coated as metal paint for normal plastic body,,I have bought redmi note 3 16b gold colour version as there is no stock for 32gb.  Waited for 32gb since first flash sale, but MI cheated us not managing enough stock. It does not support sd card and  two sim cards having two slots only which is a big drawback. Be care full for dual sims and sd card, it can single sim and sd card Or dual sim. I am very much disappointed by  comparing to my previous LUMIA 640. Has little bit heating problem. Camera is not up to the mark.The speaker is little  noisy. Dont go for it if you want to use two sims and Sd card at the same time. Positive things are design, display and touch.The phone is awsum, back camera is awsum,captures images @ 4.5 - 9.0 mb,front camera could have been better.Good phone ... just the memory management is poorNo comments.....It is a super productGood product, excellent looks and processor's tooGood, worth it and desperately waiting for Mi TV.goood phone, meets expectations and good looking.Amazing...All features for less cost. Affordable.No Headset, Heating issues in usage of 15 minutesThis is awesomatic of the aromale phone go for itMble iz  heating during and rest off all izz bestAmazing phone good feature.._|_Very much heating when I charging this.  And some time close app automatically. Free ram available 900  mb mexi.I bought xiaomi redmi note 3 through mi.comFront Camera quality is very poor or not charging other chargerRare camera near 2 led flash yellow or white camera takin pic quality yellow yellowOne neno sim insert the phone very slow open devicePoor productbad prodect.All good but when i charge it, it become too hotDidnt meet the basic needs worst mobile i boughtnIce Phone. Good  battery backup. thanks amazon.Everything is fantastic except the network issueI really love this phone.U can buy this phone blindly.Premium look and great display.No heating issues.Camera is average and slightly bad in low light.Battery and finger print sensor is upto mark.Good deal in 10k.Want to give ZERO star for this flash sale. Tried more than 10 times for buying the phone. It didn't happen. May be for creating the hype MI themselves bought all the phones and made the phones not available. What ever. Seriously pissed off with MIWorst i never like the mobile my money is wastesuperthe phone works fab....honestly it got charged from 10% to 100% in just 1hr 45min...which is bery good....Network Problem. Duel Sims not Work. One Time Hanging Call and network Drop.Don't Take This Mobile.Performance is good, very fast enough in reaction because of the processors used(1.8GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 650 hexa-core 64-bit processor with ARM Cotex-A72 lead cores).I won't Camera is bad, but is Ok( they mentioned 16MP). Awesome looking fully metal body(I got GOLD colour one). Always is fun and makes different when we do the things in different way,Yes i'm talking about the fingerprint technology in device, Fingerprint unlocking puts the mobile in different zone when comparing with other mobile, and the fingerprint technology is working fine. Battery is not upto the mark, it is mentioned that 4000mAH but it is getting drained soon. Heating while charging mobile also( heating when using the mobile is different but it is heating while charging also). Most of the times im facing problem with connecting to the mobile data 3G, sometimes it is connecting and sometimes not, i need to restart the device to connect to mobile data sometimes. Overall good buy at this price.Great phone by Xiaomi, too good at this price.My Phone is heating while talking and chargingbecuse this hendet are hang and i am not happyNot workingNice mobileThe product does not have 2 sim card and a memory card slot. you can either use one memory and one sim.i like this mobile,charge is good. no headsetnice look and good quality in this price.....Front Camera is not up to the mark and the device getting much warm while charging..It might risky..There is some issues with it.  Doesn't work properly on WiFi and gives some vertical lines in cameraIt's very very type phone. Because this is hybrid system. Duel sim card & SD card r not supporting.Camera quality is very poor rest works good!Very nice phone but battery is draining fastNice product. Light weight..... Happy to buyFabulous smartphone I have ever experienced.Just word #Awesome........its tooo good dudeCan we use dual sim @ memory card same timeVery disappointed heat while charging or surfing and watching movies battery backup is not good5 STARS for the product and 5 STARS for Amazon delivery service. GO FOR IT! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!So many times do registration nd trying to buy but can't buy, nd 32gb model not available.....One is more enough to say about this phonegood phone, good services provider .......Mobile is getting hot and hanging too muchGood smartphone by Xiaomi, big screen sizePhone automatically gets restarted after update. I hope Xiaomi fixes this with a new update.OkOkOkHahiokBattery charger defective send back for replacement and ear set is missing otherwise okay.No complaints till now (30 days of usage)All good but where is my invoice receipt.I got the defect peace. Need replacement.Nice.it is same as it is shown in screen.this mobile is better but display is lowCamera quality very poor.. Screen resolution is very bad. A very bad phone. Do not buySuper mobile phonesOnly problem is its display....while running videos there is some kind of blurring...This gets really hot in 1 minute of usage .Really cheap chinese phone. waste of moneyfake saleAwesome but wanted to get 3 GB variant.Nice Phone...Battery Is Very GoodBest mobile in this pricegoodGoodGRT8GOODPoorgoodgoodGoodCamera,resolution and  battery is very good but data receiving for net is too bad.Just creating an artificial demands through flash sales which ends just in 20 sec.utter chaos and mismanagement.... this flash sales....no stocks ???? why hype !!!It's an excellent phone at this price.Buy samsung J5(6) super than mi note 3How can i purchase the mi note 3 phoneGood phone and good services by AmazonWell, I'll call myself a lucky customer as I was able to get 2 handsets of this device in my cart.1- Gold version2-Grey versionWaiting for the delivery!Hi All,Heating like microwave oven while charging. This is really lacking point of this device. camera quality is average. Rest of things are awesome.A worst phone. All Mi phones are worst and they are getting heated and not working in few days. As this is China product very less service centres are there and I see many people are coming from villages to Hyderabad/Cities for servicing and there is no proper response from service centers. Please dont buy Mi phone and recommend others too to not buy.Very nice phone it is disappointment me coz we only 2sims if SD.card not  use .Beast @9999 .....  Beauty @9999 ..... Love the Gold color and Metal combinationShahrukhGood and bright respons good job amznOverall I would call it satisfactory. Negative points are: inbuilt memory is inadequate. Extendable memory won't allow to use two sim cards. Otherwise all good...i have not faced even a single problem with the phone ...1. value for money2. Very stylish3. Superb battery backup4. Good camera quality.I dont know why everyone rating 1 star for not getting the 32GB version. I recommend those who only use single sim should go for 16GB version and we all people wont use a phone for more than a year or 2. So save the money and buy 16GB and be satisfied.Am only rating 2 because I haven't got the phone and its on the way to me.Note: The product is in my city for 3 days and still not recieved.  It's very nice phone . It's pack very nicely when I receive it .It is save .Nice Mobile.Awesome Look ..Go for itSuper phone amazing thanks to amazonIt says in stock but CNT order......This smart phone battery is superblyIt was a great deal. Prompt shippingvery slow not upto expectetion.Best mobile phone at this priceIt doesn't contain head phones.its ok! not a rigid smartphone!Excellent phone and features...Awesome batteryNice phonewhat redmi want to proove by making available only hundreds of units for flash sales in a country of 130 crores people.... really guys redmi have donkeys in their marketing team.... redmi note 3 is biggest joke in flash sale historyYesWawyesworst product, mother board is gone for only for 20days.Love this phone...excellent features at this price rangeAwsome Phone and a great value for money...Gud display..Phone runs smooth..Finger print sensor is fast..its just awsome..The Biggest Pro of the device is The "BATTERY"incoming call not connected when you are using internetcamera quality is average, but battery back up is nice.fake sale,, why they are not selling 32 gb variant.Don't buy this phone defective phone  not charging  of charging  then heated  I am the person who get two time this phone and got prob both times phone refreshing  itself wen  two app open hanging probExcellent product. 100% value for money. Using it for almost a month now. Pros:- Great display- Good Camera. Clarity and colour reproduction is vivid specially in daylight.- Good sound quality and clarity- Really fast fingerprint scanner- Awesome Battery life even with both SIM cards- Fastcharge works fine. From 15% to 100% charge in an hour- Great looks. Top class finishing- Unbelievable priceCons:- 2nd SIM card slot is optional with Micro SD card- RAM is 2 GB whereas in the 32 GB variant RAM is 3GB- FM Radio reception is not greatDrawback was both sim and micro sd card not inserted and also it was not mention in redme mobile manualNice phone redmi note 3 32gbCamera color quality is poorVery Nice mobile worth full.Very bad marketing by xiaomirocking product simply superI.  Am redmi fan note3 its. Perfecct mobile. Briliant display camera battary awaysome thanku xiaomiI bought the Gold 16GB variant because I could not wait for the 32GB version any longer. I have to say that it has surpassed my expectations in all ways except for the camera. I am moving to this phone from my LG G2 which I used for 2+ years and the below Pros and Cons are in comparison to this phone -Pros -1) The performance is very fluid and completely lag free. Its been a pleasure to use the phone. I have also have the MiPad and this feels way smoother and more responsive than the MiPad.2) Good build and look but have ordered a screen and phone protector to ensure it stays scratch free.3) Screen quality is really good, in fact better than the G2 which also has a 1080p panel.4) Speaker is adequately loud though front facing would have been ideal. It is not exceedingly loud but does the job and is much better than the LG G2 speakers.5) Finger print sensor works really well.6) The 2GB RAM seems adequate for regular use and have not had any stutters at all.7) Last but not the least, PHENOMENAL BATTERY LIFE !!! We can say goodbye to all the daily charging accessorees we carry around to make sure our phone stays charged. This is really the biggest buying point for the phone along with the Snapdragon 650 processor.Cons (These are mostly in comparison to the LG G2, which at its time was a 40k phone)1) Screen size is large coming from the 5.1" screen of the G2. It is a little inconvenient for single handed use. I was used to being able to reach the entire screen with one hand which is not possible with the Note 3 and you have to jiggle the phone in your hand or use 2 hands. The top and bottom bezels are also much larger than the G2 therefore contributing to the problem.2) The phone feels very slippery which makes one handed use even more difficult as it feels like it will slip out of your hand when trying to adjust it to reach the top or bottom of the screen. Would definitely recommend a cover to allow for a better grip. It would be a shame to dent or scratch the phone.3) Double tap to wake is sorely missed. It was very convenient to double tap the screen and see notifications when it is lying on a table. Having to pick up the phone to unlock is quite clumsy. Hopefully Xiaomi is listening and will add this feature.4) The camera is the biggest let down for me. The photos appear fine on the surface but start to get blurry on zooming in. The G2 which is a 2+ year old phone (though 4 times price) takes better pictures with finer detail. Though I did not really expect Note 3 to do better, but thought it would be equal which it is not.5) Slight differences from Android which make it annoying to access some Settings if you are a veteran Android (non MIUI) user.All said and done I feel the Redmi Note 3 is a fantastic buy for the price and feels premium and offers smooth satisfying performance. I was holding out for the 3GB/32GB model but gave in and ordered the 2GB/16GB and am quite happy with it. I am a regular heavy user but I do not play any graphically intensive Games and have not had any heating at all.Good one after up gradationsuper mobile in chief priceExcellent phone ,go for it.This mobile was very hitingI purchased this phone 16 gb model on 30th march. After using this phone for one month i will share my experence with others.Pros.1. Good Looking with matel body2. Good battery backup3. Good Camera Quality Front is good4. Smooth Touch ExperenceCons.1. Hybird Slot : If you are using two sim and required memory for you is more then 10 gb than that is a problem for you. That you have to chose 2nd sim or memory card.Expect this cons phone is awsome.awesome mobile.. worth itphon is prabulam cemaraokNo Words for redmi note 3Nice.. value beyond moneyWorest mobile and ever...GOOD MOBILE IN THIS RANGEGood phone within budget!Not good mobile32gb plzJust got the phone. Delivery was amazing and before time. Now when i bought the phone first thing i wanted to do was to install my both sims. My sims were micro. First thing i did not get how to insert both sim. Later i knew one has to be micro and other shud be nano. So i got my sim in nano size. But when i install, both sim were not working. I tried many times but i got fed up. I tried many sims but dual-sim mode was not properly working. I did many reboots but did not help. Finally after 3 hours ,my both sims are working. But still i have a fear of changing my sim-card again if i need to. It was such a headache.AND ONE MORE IMP THING-U have to sacrifice ur choice of instaling second sim or memory card. You cant have a dual-sim mode with a memory card. This is such a awkward feature. I realised i made a mistake buying this pseudo-flagship phone.No memory slot, no earphone avg performance.Supperb mobile...you may buy.....this sollidSubscribed 5 times..... Still not able to get the 32Gb version redmi note 3.....All is well except cameraheat problem and hangingGood phone as I expectedGood product by Xiaomi. Battery is awesome.It's very good looking &Chad great featuresBut not has good accessoriesGoodGood phone overall . No headphones though.Phone was looking attractive but its sensor is not working since the day one. Also there is no manual which may help you out to understand the feature of the phone. Ear phones was not there in the box. I have tried to replace it but was not aware that one can replace the electronics gadget with in 10 days of purchase, hence could not get it replaced. Also accessories of the phone is not available in the market like screen guard or cover.AwesomeAmazing phone, worth itMuch complicated mobileBilkul  bekar phone haiWell worth the money...verry verry good mobiledefinately a fake sale.show only 8gb in systemGood but memory card or dual sim problemaftr purchsing cemra gona SSTOP WORKINGare there any hanging or heating issuesGood phone. No iissue.#value for money....there penetrating customer for MI 32GB note 3 ,not avilable in india but 1st shell it is show  11998 in their website .The most worst phone waste of money and time for registration I am cheated with MI and fraud done by Amazon inserting two Sims not workingheating problem at the charging time.After using 7 days I m writing this reviewPROS1.SUPERB BATTRY LIFE(around 2days).2.SUPERFAST FINGERPRINT SCANNER3.STUNNING DISPLAY4.POWERFUL AND FAST PROCESSOR5.LOOKS AWESOM6.FRONT CAMERA IS NICECONS1.REAR CAMERA IS WORST(looks like 10mp not 16).CONCLUSIONIF U WANT A GOOD BATTRY WITH DISPLY GO FOR THIS BUT ITS NOT A CAMERA PHONEAt present fantastic.Wow awesome mobile :)Best phone ever######Thumbs up to xiaomi!!Just ordered, haven't use beforeThough as per my knowledge the CONs are1. Hybrid sim slot2. Battery should b 5000mah3. There must b gorilla glass lll4. Android M undate should b included5. Camera quality average, not good6. Earphone isn't provided7. Non-removable battery8. Heating issue9. Flash sell10. Should b more thin.WORST MOBILE IN THIS RANGE..........ph is k. but there is no headset ...Satisfied!chutiya banane ka dhandha banake rakha hai1 mahine seSubhanAllah. AmazingGood thank you redmiIt's getting slow after 2 monthsit's perfect for megood n super mobileCamera is very bad....Super better than Samsung and other mobiles in marketwrost phone returned two times..one time one issueawsome phone.. as always Xiaomi didnt disappoint..kNot bed but NYC and fingerprint  very sloly one time you'd and lock and second time is not working hiting is hu plzzzTell me wht is best..??Rdm nt 32 GB ya 3 GB whole is better...???EMere ko phone nahi mil raha heNOT RECOMMENDED..Horrible to see that product is not recommended by many.Marketing gimmick by xiaomi for low quality product of redmi note 3. Highly recommend to go for other brand viz., lenovo, LeTV, even if you are camera conscious go for Oppo.Money is total waste for Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 even after waiting for too long hard to book higher end version.....It is good & handyNot as expected...Meets expectationsBest phone foreverI need 32 GB redmigood and very goodMore Heating IssueIt's awsome phoneSuperb mobile....I taken xiaomi redmi note 3 mobile last 15days back..Already m facing heating problem and restart problem nd mother board problms mobile not working now.. Service centre ppl also not responding properly..I want a new mobile or money back plz reply or call back to this number9066149747I don't know sorry for thatAwesome Device and Blinded buy at this price tag but delivery was utter flop from Amazon.Anyone is looking to buy a smartphone under 12K with all latest specification, then they can go for it.Thank you Amazon and Xiaomi for providing premium device with low cost.Pros:0. Killer Looks.  Golden model1.Battery life of 2.5 days easily.2. Amazing display3. Amazing UI4. All sensors you can imagine of5. Fingerprint sensor is outstanding.6. Loud speakers and call7. Outstanding camera.No cons at all.good product in amazon....Camera quality is not goodVery very smart handset... All the feature which I was waiting in mobile ..like call recorder, guest mode, Fm with recording  and off course so handy and light weight.. Thanks Amazon for providing  a hasselfree  service.. And thanks to xiaomi for making this beautiful  handset... VERY GOOD SMARTPHONE IN EVERYONE'S BUDGETVery nice phone.Very  nice phonevery good mobileThe best in caseGood performanceNot Good qualityExcellent MobileNot as good as expected.Bad strategyvery good phoneFinally got it. Gud oneAmazing mobile.i bought it from mi.com. everything is good but two problems its a heater not phone i think and worst camera its not even 8 mp ..my redmi 1s has better camera than this . and there is no return policy and replacement policy was bad i was sent to service centre 5 times but they are all idiots . now i have sold this phone at loss of 1500 rs. remember if want to buy good camera phone don't go for this.Overall phone is best only one drawback that is heating issue. The phone is heating on normal use also i think this is mabufacturing defect so i'm returning this device so please  give aNother deviceCharger is not workingThe worst phone i have never seenIt is good ,excellent looking but not working as I thought ..worst charging I have a bad experience with charging from the time I bought it ..example I put on the charging with battery 27% at 8pm when I saw at 10 pm it is showing 20% at 10:30 pm it is not charging even though switch is on next replucked it atlast at 12am it start  charging and the phone heating like anything can't even touch at 1am the charging becomes 80% ..I have been experiencing it from the 1st day I bought ...everything is excellent except this thing ..I'm not fully satisfied with my product ..not  recomendedFirst time I am using MI but its superb mobile with best specifications I am using since last 1 week and satisfied with this product. Main attractions of xiomi is they have manufactured this phone in India at their VIZAG manufacturing facility.Nice in budgetHeating problmsubarb phone..hang problem..It was amazingGift to friendMobl is so nicPlayed 32gb miIts so good but dznt hv handfreemi mobie is overall good but ther is mobile thertening problem ie network problem tat is the worst thing and the  fingerprint sensor is worst which unlocks the screen after clicking the power button.. oly soo suggest u people not to go for Mi worst MI ever sucks to the coreplease don't buy thisThis phone has wosrt crapiest system ever.Since you cannot use 2 sim cards if you use a sd card in it...Then whats the meaning of dual sim f**** phone.Its not value worth money fr it..  Coolpad is just outstanding....I bought this mob on 2nd april it worked fine for 4 days then it become problematic, while calling i couldn't here voice. Then i upgraded to miui  7.2.3.0 but still it didnt work. Now i cant returned the mob as Amazon return policy for mobile is just for 10 days .Now i am stuck with this phone. No return n cant use.I registered and tried to purchase this product but It went out of stock immediately after booking. That's pathetic. They try to make us fool by creating artificial demand. Purchased Lenovo K4 Note and very much satisfied with that.Not able to purchaseIf you sencible enough you should go for it.Heating issuePhone is goodNot satisfiedA bit costly.awesome phoneWow Super ...Amazing phoneExcellent....Not satisfiedIts good I loved itPoor stock coverageXiaomi is just one and half year old brand for India and it took only one year to beat all other old and big brands just because of their business model, price, quality, and MIUI. The service of Xiaomi in India is not that much good as all other big brands but still they are doing their level best to give the best,If u r looking to buy a long lasting battery backup phone or a good built quality phone..u can blindly select redmi note 3..BUTThe basic function of a mobile phone is missing..which range catching problem..firstly I think that its sim providers problem.. I swich in to 2 g..But I disappointedly understand that its a phone problem.. When I put that sim in to another phone its works smoothly..WHY.. My time and needs are waste and incomplete..Performance is great as expected...however company could have given the option of expandable memory...out of 16 GB only 9-10 GB is available and rest of space is consumed by pre-installed  apps and other features!!!Awesome mobile to own.  It scores on style,  features and specs. Not sure why Xiaomi is not selling 32GB through Amazon.  It's a definite buy recommendation from me.  Special mention for super fast Amazon delivery!its bulky...Super mobileWow good phnVery Good ..Worst mobileJust AwesomeOk with price buyExcellent phone..Excellent productYou cant insert dual sim if you want to increase memory b'coz you can insert dual sim(micro and mini both) or one sim and memry card at one time. I think company not mentioning this while selling..Plus I think heating problem is also there..So Think Carefully Before Buying.My infrared bluster is not workingas i am reading the amazon exclusive customer feedbacks who have bought this device and comparing this device discription to some another cheap devices  i dont think that the device will work fineBest phone under Rs. 9999 awesomeBad Phone..Heating Issue..SlowSlipperyLarge Size, not handle by one handTaking too much time for chargingAll over bad experience with Redmi Note 3Good Phone for the price range .Camera is okay not great.slight heating issue spotted , but it is normal today in all phones.Amazon amazing delivery on next day morning (17th).Value for Money.8.5 gb left after all softwares installed (not FB).Ram 650 mb free out of 2GB.UI is really good.Updated review after 5 days use :For my use its okay for 2 days without searching a charger ( approx 2-3 hrs youtube , always in 3g)do not buy mi clear glass for screen protection , its not good better for tempered glassWow ruberized hard case is good..seriously it is very bad you are not letting us purchase the 32 gb variant. if bring it then the stock is very limit. rather than selling in flash sales kindly sell directly so that we do not waste our hours here. this flash sale gives really bad message about amazonSuperb Mobile Not even found any single problem or default I read many reviews about heating problems but I din face this problem...  Must buy mobile if someone's budget is near about 12000One hell of a great phone. Very much satisfied with the performance in this price range. Battery life is superb. Runs for 2.5 days on single charge(still 15% charge was left). Loving it.Am gootya........i got 32 gb....its sooperbNice mobileheating problemThis mobile phone has best phone camera very nice front and back only one mistek it is a very heting  but this mistek phone britnes pe control ksrne se ye problem khatam ho jayegiI really loved this product . this phone has packed with lots of new feature which is not available in the price range in which this phone is available . overall great performanceVery disappointedI add it to cart but its show regret while check out.i want satisfy reason amazon why otp is not sent during note3 checkout lekin kaise hi mi cart se hatta dusre item ka otp aa gya lekin jab tak note3 se hatt chuka tha its make me so angry and dissappointed becase i tried from one month give clearRedmi phone is really good.phone not get hang while playing games .no heating issues only one problem is there application can't be moved to memory card .camera quality is goodit's Just Awesome :)It is fantastic product for the given price... i love itbut two remark is there1. non removable battery2. dual sim with memory are not available for use....Network issuesNice lookCamera 8/10Performance 9/10Even a 2 MP camera can click far better photos than its main camera. Hence No question of rating front camera. No accessories... No return policy.. V Bad experience...Phone is good. The problem is that u not able put Sim 2 and Micro SD together or mismatch  functionality  or either both Sim active either 1 Sim  active  and Micro SD.My phone heats like anything....even if it is not in use it heats a lot..I thought I could be background apps so I used atk app to destroy them but it still heats a lot and rest is good ....mi need to get an update solve thisProduct is good and smooth ...body is nice ...camera OK..little dissatisfied with inbuilt memory ..half of the memory already used by phone ...only 9 GB left for useThis is 3 phone I brought... Phone is good but it has heating issue n camera is bad.. Except this phone is superb... Plz make hardware improvements to reduce heat...Worthless ... After a month now charger not working .. Customer service unable to provide back up charger... Heating issue .... Not charging from other charger so.. Conclusion of the matter is phn is nthng without charging.Good phonenice phoneBad cameraGood phoneNice phoneSuper cellGood phonePoor  foneBest phoneGood phoneNice phoneBest phoneBest in this priceAwesome phonefound the product really good and attractive.Also the delivery and step to step updates was really good and helpful to plan our activities accordingly.Very good productCamera quality is not good 5/10Battery  it is not at all 4000mah it's below  3000mahComparing  to letv  MI note 3 is not good in camera  it is having like 5mp back but they gave 16mp it's falsei charge it but the battery status show decrease the battery 13% to 9 % on charging.may be some problem in mobile.i left on charging more then 1 half hourVery nice phone looking sexxyBest fone ever !Making people fulllllllllll on resistering.. there is no option to buy after resistation even....Stop all these nonsense....Simply TRAFIC INCREASING TRICK........Do not try to be over smart....A camera lover should not buy this phone even vivo 8 mp camera is far bettr than this set other feature are good processing n speed is satisfactoryAmazing handset by Mi.Camera is not up to the mark.Battery performance is awesome.No memory card slot should be given separatly.Very Goodgood fsdfGood one.i like itVery goodExcellentExcellentTooo goodGood VerySatisfiedExcellentExcellentvery niceVary disappointed for 32gb variantI have got this product today but  not satisfied due to less space as committed by its ads and if u are using duel sim than u don't have any space for  insurt the memory card in same slot.Blindly go for this.After 3 weeks of use I don't see any lagging or issues. Never heats if u use without back cover it warms a bit cause of body temperature. Don't believe on false review.Phone heats up while charging. Sometimes it feels it may blast. Can't leave phone on charge while away. Have to leave the fan or AC running.Worst phoneDabba phoneits perfectgOodFinally after long time recieved the handset good phone better than letvs camera quality in zoom is poor otherwise for rough use is goodWorst phone. Phone is heating a lot. Network issue. Sometimes it hang. 50% of RAM is utilise by phone app. You cannot copy contains from SMS. Amazon service is very nice.superb product.. very fast delivery.. 100% satisfied , great value for money, cant expect anything more in this range...I am happy with the product thanks amazon :)Worst Experience Ever!Not upto the mark at all....worst phone.... Camera is totally of no use.... It would have been better if the phone was without camera!.. Whatsapp doesn't work properly..The initial out of the box miui version is better, the new 7.1.8 version has heating issue and battery drains fast.Hoping in next 7.2.2 version bugs will be fixingNot catching the signal well. It takes 15-20 min to connect to the internet once switched on. Other things are good & phone is nice.Useless phoneGot a faulty handset..get it replaced. I am happy with the replaced handset. Was worried after seeing few reviews but now I can say it's a value for money phone. Finger print sensor works awesomely well and I even liked the camera quality also. Battery heating issues are also very less after upgrading to the latest mi version.Camera quality is very low ,dont buy frinds,mi create flash sale it is new technic to seeling is product,Ii feel sad to buy this,dont buy this phoneCamera quality is poor camera app needs some changeFinger print sensor is awesomeIt doesn't even need one rating zero is betterNot even one star. This phone is useless. When I switch it off and try to in again, it did not work. Amazon customer service so stupid. Waiting for replacement.Very badbulls***Awesome.Its goodGood OneGood Onenice oneGood phoneGot this super phone yesterday. Simply awesome. Nice battery backup. And good and safest delivery by amazon . thanks for thatDont Make us FOOL guys........if u make open sale for one month with lakhs for products and also Xiaomi Service is VERY BADGot the phone yesterday.MIUI Rom was not installed but some other Rom is present.Google play also not present.Good working all functions are user friendly camera is very clarity but sum option may be kept to easy click for selfiei love itVery goodin this  no  2 sim tray but  either it will work as sim or  memory card slot  so u cant use as 2 sim phone who wants memory more than 16 gbThe back cover is loose and is susceptible to water and dust ingress. I would be happy if the seller replaces it.redmi note 3 this is nice phone camara  very good and bettery lofe is good  and playing high game no lag no issueEvery functions are very impressive.....i got one phone to 23 march then today my friend allso goted 2 phone....AmegingAwesomeHeating issues all the time.BulkyCamera is average.Sound is average.Display is good.Awesome phone......camera is not good as per expected by as compare to phone price range ...this phone is best in any aspect.please put the display safety cover first before using phone.u can use it as an iron box only. ur SIM cards will not be detected and so u cannot call it a phone. may be just a note or a boxJust one word for this phone - PERFECT. and it really is-in every aspect and in every scenario. The phone is all yoi can expect and all you want and that too at a very attractive price. Really a PERFECT phoneAwesome phone. Good camera. Phone gets hot while charging and it is heavy in weight. Working is smooth. Luckily, I got this phone in first flash sale and it was delivered to my place in just 19 hours. Very good services by Amazon. Five stars from me.Please Don't buy .... worst phone ever... heating issue.... no fingerprint selfie camera... not good camera.. please... worst service ever..Really very nice phone on this budget. No heating issue, excellent battery backup and camera results.Phone heats a lot. Battery is discharges quite fast even without using the phone. Hence returned it.paisa vasoolThe finger print and lock button isnt working properly. Could you please tell what do i do now..I got the 32 GB with 3 GB of Ram in the very first sale on 9 th March it self. Phone is awesome and just a single word bang for the bucks spend.Most of the people asking for 32 GB version with 3 GB Ram but i am lucky to have one in first sale only.worst camera less than 5 MP QUALITY. n sound quality is also poor very less ram available. fingerprint in lagging sometimes.Awesome redme ..Thanks to amazon and redme for providing me on time and classy look ...Fake sellSuperbbeautyBakwasworestthanksXiaomi Redmi Note 3 (Gold, 16GB)as compared to other within the range.Very disappointed heat while charging or surfing and watching movies battery backup is not good at allDamage product on 28/3 but still not refund or replacement provide think twice before buyThis phone is gud one, dual sim, but the use of two sim or one sim plus memmory card is a draw back.Excellent product on the budget.....Only drawback is hiding apps option not available...This a very nice looking, power packed phone. The finger print sensor works flawlessly.Check before you register, Its not deliverable in all pincodes. ITS JUST A SALE TO CREATE A HYPE.Just amazing phone  wish could have got the 32 gb variant . 2 gb is not sufficient for my usage .redmi note 3 the best. as expected.only drawback is camera quality at low light.very goodI can not use all three (micro so,  sim1, sim2) at a time if want to use memory card ihave 2 remove sim2 than how it's called dual simReally good..!!Excellent look and configuration compare to other android phonesguys just click on waiting list,,, i just placed the order through waiting list...all the bestSingle sim problem,Hitting problem,Sort RAM,Very very slow mobile.Works like a Pro and checks all the boxes with ease. Premium features at a budget. Go for it. Like, now.Very good phone in all aspects except that pictures with Flash are not coming good.The phone ki very good in condition awesome mobile looks like iPhone 6s plus mobileSir hum isko kaise purchase kare buy now add to cart ka option hi nahi aa rha ismeOne major drawback is that we can use second sim or memory card any one at a timeNice phone in this price range ho gold colour is much better than grey & silver..wtf.. no buy or add to wish list option although it is in stock and i am a registered customer.Its a brilliant mobile i m very happy with this phone. All features are awesomeThe item arrived late by a day. But Im pretty satisfied in all the departments.Bewakuf banana band karo salo phone jab nahi h tumare pas to add dete kiun hoFail prodect this is not working west off money the charging is not workingfake mobile feature.become hot using and camera quality is duplicatewhat a excellent phone by xiomi, all required features @ affordable price.Which one is better. Redmi note 3 32Gb.Samsung's galaxy j7 or lenovo k4 note ..Not functional at all...Very poor experience with pre registered salefake saleSuperWorstSuprbKadaksuperSuperSuperproduct is good ...but i want some more discount offer from amazone site.Display broken as phone slipped from hand in less than one feet distance.The phone heats while charging. Apart from that nice product for 10k!its china mobile like gfive camera quility is poor and touch is so delicate and sim tray and  heating when we play the gamesIts nice phone.... But, its heating when put it on charging....No one time for the purchase for the two time the mobile numberCharger and phone is too much heating during charging. Not happyit just wast my money its always hang and its getting too hot.Lose on 1st sale but this time I got some luck. So got gold 16gb versionstunning mobile ..look very beauty full ..i am very happy ...I want to register with this mob.i want to purchase this mob.Hi I would request you to refund money... Phone is not good..Internet creates a lot of problem while accessing 2G internet.sprbbbbbbbbb mob.. n kidu design.... OUTSTANDING DEVICECamera is very poor and also hang so i am very disappointed.Heating heating heating. Otherwise good phone for the priceThis is the bst deal in ur lagecy of ur smartphone cariar..16 gb silver and gray in my cart if any one wants than rplyvery nice sophisticated classy phone.. worth it for price.Awesome phone with beautiful body and very impressive perfThis is really a good phone ,probably the best under 10k.NicegoodGoodNicegoodGoodNiceGoodGoodGoodNiceniceniceNicegoodIt is simply awesome!!!!!!! Totally in love with it!!!!Heat problem solved after phone updation. Rest all goodvery good and excellent product it's amazing i love itWorst phone!! Heating issue..sim slot not working!!an amazing phone which fulfils the desire at low costXiaomi is playing with customers, which will cost them to loose customers. Already people are looking for other better option and if 32 Gb variant is not come asap I am sure amazon will also get impacted due to this. Model already reached to 3 and below rating, which will degrade further for sure. On the other side Letv1s is doing good and will be happy if amazon/xiaomi not launched 32 Gb variant soon.I need to buy this product ASAP kinfly help me ....Redmi note 3 i purcased this product on april 4th.. im sharing my experience with this s*** phone.. phone has lot of bugs..- we can use only one sim with SD card- mobile networks going to offline frequently.. calls are not connected..- there is no support from cc- charging is good for few days .. after 10 days drying fast.- while using internet networks automatically changes from 3G to 2G .. there is no 3G stability option to use 3G. it is very dissapoint for me..- finally never buy this phone.. they are fool us by sellingg these type of phones..3rd class front camera quality of redmi note 3.Awesome phone in10000 with good build qualityAwsome phone with this price amazing amazonNo option for 32gb model . WTF.....Good: Value for moneyBad: Heating issueAmazing phone with amazing features and of course with a pcket priceHow is it possible that mi has given the master piece in just 10 kEverything is perfect if any one exepcting and giving negative feedback sorry to them because in Rs-10000 you can't get better than thisI am using Nexus 6p also and in that finger imprint is slower than mi note 3 how come 10 k phone is better than 40 k phoneThat's why mi have registration processIn 3 minutes sale closedHatts off to mi you guys are qenius any one have 10000 bucks go for this phone best smart phone in this price tagbadBadCemara is not working  sestam is very slow..dual sim and sd card does not work together.Not getting the buy option anywhere.Very Disappointed with the product.. It's been just 10 days and the phone is getting over heated up. headset jack is not working, after few seconds mobile got hang and getting heatedup(while using headset) .. return or replace window open for only 10days... what is the solution for my mobile. I will appreciate it you can help me out !!.one star also not eligible for this mobile. DONT BUY THIS MOBILE!!!!!!! DONT BUY THIS MOBILE!!!!!!!DONT BUY THIS MOBILE!!!!!!!i wanted a 32gb varient.Go for cool pad, 3000 Rs less than Mi1good phone ... Thanks amazoneWorking smuthely, camera result very goodContact number changed. Heating issues...I am unable to purchase this itemBADBadWowBadYeavery bad camera and not working properlyGood Quality mobile worth for penny PaidValue for money . build quality is good.Low range &big quality.... Awesome phoneThe Best Phone i have ever used so far.Pros:Build Quality and styleOTG SupportHexa Core..Snapdragon Processors..Nice gaming experience.Camera (16mp rear) is nice in day light.Best Battery (4050 mah)...It lats atleast 2 days if you use it for phone calls ans a little internet.Cons:No Gorilla glass protection...so use any tempered glassCamera is just ok at night.Great battery backup , smooth touch ,Features very good at resonable costPerfect phone. True value for money.not happy with thz phoneIts awesome phone at this priceIt's good & exceed my expectationsWorst phone.  Please never buy it.Good product, it has short supplyFooling around... It is a myth that we are getting the Xiomi phone at cheaper price. i phone 5s is available at 17k then how come this Chinese phone is cheap... think... think.....Best smartphone under 10k.......I want 3gb ram I don't want thisHi, sim is not getting detected after some time. i need to restart the phone and after that only sim is getting detected. Also internal memory available is shown 8 gb only. I have ordered for 16 gb phone at least 14 gb should be available for use.plz i want to refund it asap. kindly let me know the process.Good Phone...Phone heat since the first day.Network problem heating problemnice perfect overallVery poor camera even worst than 5000 rupees phone..  Display is it that good unnatural exposure,  colors are more vibrant than actual..  Not all metal phone both the upper and the lower of backside are made of plastic and different from body color which looks pretty bad. Its actually look like budget phone.Worst quality i ever purchaseJabardast phone don't miss itPrice worth excellent deviceHeat issue heavy.....?Hehehe got again!Now ihav 32gb +16gb16gb variant today (all gold)( people plz open your eyes coz there are otherS way to get this phone :wink:Awesome products by AmazonOkYes meet the expectationsSim 2 not supportedi love redmi note 3it was looking for 32 gbFront camera not workingJust now I got it from delivery boy...He was too rude and god knows what was wrong with him..and Iam also not able to insert sim card:(problem with speakers..worst phone ever i use.It's a good phonequite ordinary camera.Charger is not workingThe worst phone ever for the hype it created. Dont get fooled for ddr3 ram with 2gb on a snapdragon 6 series chip.  Please think twice befor buying. Simply don't assume that u will get a good piece.Best phone in this range. Battery back up and performance are very good. look and feel is great. Go ahead and buy it without a second thought. I could not get the 3 Gb ram so bought the 2Gb one. even the 2gb one is good. Thumbs down for the flash sale thoughVery nice this mobileJust started to use..The best budget phoneWaiting for the beastThe phone is heated in the sunlight,camera is not too good like 16mp,BT better then the 13mp,look is awasom . It's a very good phone in 10000.Sorry very poor quality & defective mobileEvery thing is Good.Worth for money !!!!On 23 I tried from 2 pm to book the mobile, but I stand on waiting listTell me how I can book the mobile on 30th march confirmDo not buy if you are not first timer, it heats, hangs and battery is awfully weak(though it is 4000 mAh). Nothing works as per specification.  i suggest go for K4 Note,It's very good product. Camera quality of front and back is nice. Finger print sensor is superb and battery backup is also superb but some heating issue  in phone. Overall product  is superb in this range. Soch mat le le.....                very bad site false information provideHeating problem don't buy this phoneGood one go for itMobile HittingCamera 4 / 5Body 5/5Fingerprint sensor 5/5Display  4.5/5Performance 4. 5/5Heating slight ......Nice device than any other brand.Good camera  and performance  than I expected  from this device.Low light photos r not so good.Battery  also good.you can not use duel sim benefit with micro sd card at one time. either two sim at one time or one sim with micro sd card. Sim slot don't have space.Prefect phoneUser friendlySimply superbGot it 32gb .I expected lot from this mobile but it irritating me a lot..sim 2 slot is not working..and i didnt receive calls for sim 1..plzzz solve my problemgot this product from Amazon and it's not even a month since it was purchased.  the touch screen has problem.  I need a replacement for this.not goodSuper Dupergreat phoneSuperb phone .No hangs, crashes, battery is exceptionally good... :)Good display good sound good battery life very good looking but third class rear camera  front cam ok kabhi kabhi hang bhi ho jata hai no double tap finger print ok  heating problemNice looking and nice celphone betry is very nice 4,000 mah so nice.Nice phoneNIce phoneNice phoneAwsomeBeing the owner of a Redmi 1, Redmi 2, Mi4i, and Redmi Band, I was terribly excited about ordering this phone for my wife who always wanted a 5.5" display. Got the phone from the last sale, but was shocked when it recognised only one sim card. On the second sim it says "No Service". Tried all tricks to make it work on two sim cards, but no chance. Since I had to cut one Micro Sim to Nano sim, I am now not able to use it on the older phone also. Suggesting all prospective buyers to wait till all problems are sorted out before buying this phone whether it is 16gb or 32gb.Worse still, Amazon is not accepting request for replacement and are asking me to send a mail or talk to Mi Service.Here is a trick which I used and got successful booking.. enable desktop clock and turn On option for "Seconds" display. login into your account before 2pm and when its 1:59:59 just refresh the page... click the Cart button very fast... for this you should have a Broadband of 2mbps and above... if less speed then try it on 1:59:58. No need of java scripts or flash extensions.Pros:Good buildCamera is excellentCool UICons:Same KITKAT underneathVery goodAwssm phnnot goodDont buyNot bestIt's most hating ever.....I think Lenovo K4  Is better Thn Redmi Note 3Today I received my phone nice loook , nice feature this is my first mi phone,Excellent experience of flash sale today. One has to get used to doing this. Also good network is key. Today me and my friend both got Redmi Note 3. Last two times we did not get it becoz probably we did not know how to go about it. We enjoyed it today. Keep it up Amazon. Though the experience with amazon was excellent the product has failed to satisfy. It has developed bugs in software. Reported the bugs but no action so far. Requesting Amazon for replacement pleaseYaar phone utna khas nahi hai heeting  issue hai ismeNot satisfied with this ph. Can't use memory card along with duel sim. Just buy if u want this to use without expending memory.i hd order today of 2gb ram ,gray clour & it is sucessfully ordered but i need 2gb ya3gb ram golden,so any one exchange with 2GB to/3GB Ram(golden) ,plz contact me ,,,,9527785182(  bhola16011996@gmail.com  )'Very west product not use 2 sim & memery cardYipee successful to order Xiaomi REDMI Note 3Awesome phone .....best in this price rangePhone's camera is an awesome and fp....muahhhNice budgeted mobilewell nice delivery and nice prouduct......:)When is 32 GB variant if note 3 launchingNiceBut memory slot is big problemgoodgoodGoodawsmgoodlikeNiceUltimate Performance. Love this device#FANtastic but some problemsPhone is not in working.perfect gadgets in 9,999everything is good but there is no 4g or 3g available on this phone.. i hate thisAn excellent mobile at low cost.Delivery speed was fantastic and finally my dream comes to true, fully satisfied with the Phone and some minor bugs exits hope these can be corrected the next update.got it finally definitely nt fake sale :P, all u need is better internetIt's awesome  mobile.It's looking great.Best performance.Wonderful battery life.I am never seen before it's awesome.I ordered redmi note 3 on 16th of march but it did note delivered yet but I think that this will be a nice one.  Everyone should buy itCamera Quality is not up to the mark, two SIM or single SIM with memory card option is available, too much heat at chargingRest is best in class specially dinner print sensor, processor etc so Awesome mobile phone at this range...fine,Bulls***...Chinese..promoting terrorism in India.Accelerometer not working please fix thisWorst phone. This phone is manufactured by Xiaomi by service partner HCL in India. When India has no electronic items manufacturing experience, quality would be definitely not at par.  Poor backup, low free ram, hangups, voice clarity are definitely issues experienced by people. Don't get mislead by 2/3Gb RAM and 4000 mag batteryAwesome phoneMoshamilla...very poor quality...dont waste moneyGood Devicegreat phonei like thisXiaomi devices are just orcemBettar to choose this apple of chinaJalaluddinNice phoneOsam phonevery excite buy this phoneProblem of call quality very very poor, why i am improve call qualitya big thumb down for the fake flash sale... its really disgusting.not proper working, storage fraud...just give near about 8 GBNice cellgooodGaribo ka mobile hai yeahIt's gd mobile but it's not for gaming ....it not support asphalt 8 and other heavy games....and also hanging problem.dont know about thatHappy got the phone and all the other phone in the cart all variants 2 to 3 times.Very niceNoHiLooks like worth for price. But the design is still improvable as letv has a unique design than this phone. But the camera looks very fine than letv. Battery is above the average. Type c charging slot is missing. Apart from all of these its a nice phone with good features