I m very very upset with the mobile as i bought this as a gift for someone and the kind of feedback i got is embarrassing.Let me start:Screen goes blank while incoming and outgoing so you can t able to do anything until call gets disconnected.2- Battery drains likes hell..you dont believe yesterday night it was 55% and in the morning it was 12% saying low battery even i switched it off3- Heating issue:- Worst ever i have facedafter unboxing ,i placed the battery inside and switched it on and phone starts heating ..i thought it is pretty normal but it took me 10 min to explore the complete cellphone and the phone was heating like lava even once we got scared lolthen i put it on charging after 2 hours and then it was heating like a hot place where you can bake your bread.To the founder and owner Mr.Rahul Sharma : Don t just think about earning money..produce results and quality.I simply dont understand what kind of team you have..you should have distributed few phones to your staff in order to check the complete scene of this s*** phone.Or your manufacturing team is fooling you by putting cheap material products to the phone and the phone which was presented to you must be with advanced products i think that is why you did not see any errors.You dont believe even after reading so many negative comments,reviews i was still convinced to buy the phone that means i had a believe that no problem the company must have got the solution and i would get the better but NO ( Got the same )Very upsetIt doesn't matter Yureka provides how much specification unless you can use it. !!It provides Full HD but it is useless as we have to keep brightness ZERO (Battery draining issue.)Due to very poor battery backup, all other features are useless. I was expecting that battery issue will be no more after higher version of Yureka which is Yureka Plus, but still it is not resolved even in new launching phones. It also hangs frequently.First of all I would say that the delivery of the product was made as promised by amazon, the product arrived on time.But unfortunately the product has issues which is common to all customers who bought the product  ( I should have read all those reviews before placing the order ).The device gets heated up with normal use, like using camera for 10 minutes etc.Other than heating problem the device is fine. ( but that problem alone is enough to cause a lot of other problems like short battery life, device up time and device life as well).Black/blank screen during "Outgoing & Incoming Calls".....But I got a solution from net searching.... It's working nice for my mobile......Fix for black/blank screen during "Outgoing & Incoming Calls":1. The problem is caused by the Proximity Senor of the phone. A manual calibration of the proximity sensor would fix the issue.2. To fix, Open the DialPad on your phone,Dial  *#*#7769#*#*  In the proximity calibration screen, tap on Start.3. Wait a few seconds to let it collect data, it should now show Calibration Good (in green).4. Tap Exit and youre done.5. Apart from this fix also make sure there is no dust or screen protector covering the Proximity Sensor.It was a mistake to buy this phone. The price and features surely allure you but once you start using it it's plain disappointment.5.5 inch screen is comfortable. Camera is alright. But battery life is worse. For gamers its a nightmare unless its on permanent charging. Its very slow keeps hanging specially after I downloaded one of their themes. Another major problem is that it gets HOT.. Really Hot. So hot that I find it hard to put it to my ear. But another pro is that its light weighted so easy to carry.An advise to the future buyers.. think more than once before buying this phone..Don't buy this mobile........The worst mobile ever,I installed about 30 apps it cannot handle that apps also it hangs again and again. Yesterday im installed asphalt 8 game, after installing that game it shows performance like 512 mb ram mobile. Don't buy this mobile surely.the main drawback is heating,I didn't feel heat while calling and watching HD videos, but it heat like furnace while using 3g internet, while gaming.battery performance is very poor.I didn't face any proximity sensor issue.about camera:-camera is up to mark,photos taken using flash is awesome,front camera is good but there is no face beauty option.I'm unhappy with this device because when I installed Facebook app heating increases suddenly and lags little bit.and also when I installed fb messenger mobile suddenly lags a lot and it is not opened also,I don't know why it is happened like this I'm very sad about that.please fix that problem please.It is not worth of one star also..U can't handle this heating problem,it goes from 39 to 46 degree.it heats a lot while charging also.........If want to install only 10-15 apps it is better phone...I got hold of this device on the first day of flash sale and was very excited about it given the specs it boasted.But alas the excitement didn't last long. The pros i didnt find any during my two day usage of phone but cons i will definitely highlight.1) Phone CallsAfter I unpacked and powered on my device, I tried to call and immediately the screen went blank. The same happened when i received the call i just didnt know who called me. So i googled the problem to find that the proximity sensor wasnt calibrated. The link http://www.gizmoadvices.com/fix-proximity-sensor-issue-on-yureka-yuphoria/ for those who are facing the problem.2) HeatingWhen the phone is kept for charging it gets really hot. You cant keep it your hand or pocket just after charging. Even with minimal application usage, it gets warm near the top side of the device. Imagine the condition when one runs a computionally intensive application.3) PerformanceIf multiple applications are running then the beast apparently slows down and you can see visible lags between switching applications to the response time for any request. Also the battery drains pretty fast given the less capacity it comes with.4) BugsI also found some glitches during my two day usage which i will state- Play store apps take a hell lot of time to update and install especially Facebook (I have a pretty decent internet for those who will think otherwise)- With WhatsApp i couldn't upload a Screencast video, where the error message comes either 'com.android...media stopped working' if you upload through gallery option of WhatsApp or as 'restart your WhatsApp to check this problem' if you upload through share via WhatsAppFirst i thought it to be a bug of WhatsApp itself but i cross checked the same in OnePlusOne where it worked perfectly fine.I have mentioned whatever i could remember and by saying that i have returned the device a week back and got my refund too.To all those who are still using the phone i bid my best wishes to them but those who are planning to buy the supposedly ZEUS or BEAST beware!!!!Just because you get a device packaged with super cool specs and that too at 8999 doesn't mean it would have no problemsIf you still want to buy it then choice is yours :)I used this product for 12 days and returned it because of three basis drawbacks:-1) Its in call options lags, If you will try to see the call duration while call is in progress, you have to shake the phone multiple times or have to press the power button.2) It heats up like a cloth iron and if you dare to talk with this device while its charging,You might damage your ear or you will be exasperated.3)The battery takes something around 4 hours to charge and 7 hours to enervate, if you are using it moderately.PositivesCrystal clear display, camera quality was amazing. Cynoegen Os is very user friendly and innovative. So go for it if you can carry and additional phone for calling purposes, and if you are a game addict please buy a cooling pad along with this devicethis phone is a joke..and a bad one at that..SUCKS...there is a reason why it is priced so cheap...because it sucks..do noy be fooled into thinking that the RAM is 2 gb..it is worse than my one gb samsung..the camera is reasonable at most..THE BATTERY is a huge huge NIGHTMARE..ITS THE FIRST PHONE I HAVE BOUGHT THAT LOSES BATTERY EVEN DURING CHARGE..AND YES YOU CAN BAKE BACON OR CHICKEN ON IT..THE PHONE GETS THAT HOT...MAYBE IT EVEN CAUSES CANCER...WHO KNOWS...but whats with the heating of the phone...do not be fooled by fancy terms like OCTA CORE AND 2 GB RAM..I CANNOT PLAY STICK CRICKET ON IT DECENTLY..THIS IS SOME REJECTED STUFF THAT MICROMAX MAY HAVE PICKED UP IN CHINA..honestly this is PURE JUNK..nowhere close to even a decent micromax..how come YU SERIES IS UNDER 10000 AND A DECENT MICROMAX AT 18000..WHY WOULD THEY DESTROY THEIR OWN MARKET..an honest piece of advice..when it comes to the phone,do not try to save money..you will waste your money...buy a decent brand..i mean samsung or something..i am glad i held onto my samsung grand 2..this phone has a place..in the trash..AVOID IT LIKE THE PLAGUE...AND RUN...I am using this product for last one week.  I am facing problem in the battery It is draining too fast. I thought after few days of usage it will get alright but to my bad it is getting worse. If I use internet it is not even lasting for 3 hours. Even in night it is draining around 30 to  40 percent without any usage though I ensured no apps are in running status. GPS takes long time to lock. Some times it is showing US region though I am in Bangalore.I don't know whether problem is in my set or it is across.I am buying you yureka plus today but heating is a main and major problem in this mobile . pls don't buy this mobile . I use this mobile only 5 minutes its temperature very high I fell it's heating in my hand . pls don't buy this mobile thank u.And the charging time this mobile temperature very high & hot. I am calling someone than I fell hanging because it is calling after some time.Lets get the facts first.I see folks complaining about the insane charging time it takes. However, the piece I got has no issues and the phone gets charged in 3 hours.Second, the heating issue reported. I couldn't see any heating issue with my phone. However, intense gaming on apps like Asphalt 8, Front line commando does heat this device to permissible levels. I have used Redmi 1s and honestly that phone is a heating device and could be used a mini iron box.What I love about this phone is sleek design and attention to details. There is a good tacit coating done on hard buttons both on volume control and on power on button. Also, its extremely light weight.Regarding speed: Yes this phone does lag in heavy notifications phase and at times gives weird screen lock messages; However, I don't see any lag when I actively switch between application like Watsapp, games, reading kindle etc.Call Quality: The headset given is good enough to hear the other party at pretty loud levels. However, without headset, you might need to ask the other person to repeat or he might complain you are not too clear. Use headset, even though its SAR is very low, its not recommended to use phone without a hands free for long time.Music: I still love XIAOMI astonishing sound quality. But this phone doesn't lag either in this space. The audio quality is decent and with decent headphones such as Sound Magic, sennheiser the quality would be enhanced to better professional level audio.Battery Backup: I got pretty disappointed to hear that a 5.5 monster screen is powered by 2500 mAH minnow. The backup is ok and not that stupendous. I generally got 12 hrs backup with 3g on all the time and with some medium gaming and 1-2 hours call with 1 hour music play backDisplay: Man, this is where this phone kills every other in this category. The blacks are so rich and deep with extreme quality. Watching 1080p on this phone is quite a breeze. It's second to none in this category.A decent phone and one who cribs about display should have a look at this phone.A Detailed Review about Yu Yureka Plus:After Two Days of use here are the pros:Full Hd Screen 9.9/10Audio 8.5OS Depends if you know CM wellBattery 7Gaming If you can keep it cool, Better than a  Nexus 5Better than most samsung phones till the range of 20,000 to 30,000If you know CM, can bear a bit of heat.This Phablet is For youHello Guys Good Evening,I requested you all please don't purchase any yu company Mobile very poor customer service  because in April i have purchase yu yureka just 4 ya 5 days ago my data cable don't work my data cable is in under warranty  i continuously calling yu customer care they can't give any proper replay yu company's after purchasing service is very very poor.Its awesome at this price..but have some heating problem while charging .. and its battery is bad...I can use this for only 4-5 hours with 3G data ON.But the battery saver is too good so that it will come more than two days if we don't use it for DATA . Touch is very smooth . No hanging issue at all even if u play 1GB game. Finally its a good one at this price range .Very very poor battery. Kindly avoid this product. Battery does not keep up for atleast 10 hours even with the lowest level of brightness.YU yureka was delivered to me on 27th July well within time...the battery is okay at the moment with no heating problem as such...the problem is when I receive a call, before I could figure out the caller the screen goes blank...to add to it none of the buttons or tap works...once the call goes unanswered the screen becomes visible...rebooting does solve this problem momentarily but that is what something totally not expected...I have to resend the product back.I bought this phone in the month of january 2015. This phone is complete rubbish. On the day I bought it it restarted 2 times. I didnt press the power button for so long too. No messages on the screen. The next day in the morning when I was clicking pictures to check whether the camera"s  quality but again it restarted. It restarted for many days. Then the lollipop 5.0.0 update came. I installed it. After that it didnt restarted for 10 to 15 days at all ! I thought that the problem was fixed but not it restarted again and again. After somedays the 5.0.1 upgrade came too but no difference to the restarting problem or the heating problem. I havent installed any games too. The same with the 5.0.2 update, no difference. After some days the 5.1.1 update came in december. After that it become horrible !!! It restarted about in every 30 seconds !!! Becaus of frequent restart it reduced the battery life from 2 days to 8 hours and heating problem too. Coudnt work while working. I went to the micromax center 4 to 5 times !!! The first time it only rolled back the 5.1.1 update. Then when I connect the phone to the wifi it again started the update and I installed it. The same problem. They do this about 2 to 3 times to me. After that I forced them to fix it. They took 20 days to fix it. Waste of time. After that they gave it to me the phone. This time the phone was fixed atlast. The Screen guard was also removed.This is the worst phone ever. I was using Nokia Lumia 525, wanted to change to android, but this phone has brought down my expectations on android OS.HEATING - 15 mins of 3G usage, or charging, or high-end gaming will heat up the phone.RESOURCE UTILIZATION - For a phone with 2GB RAM and octa-core processor, its performance is not too commendableBATTERY - Worst ever, keep 3G on and u ll see ur phone dead in 5-6 hoursSTARTUP TIME - Phone takes forever to start, even when there are less apps installed. for a 2GB phone, its quite annoyingImportant Note:1. If by mistake u connect a different charger, ur phone will act weird, all apps open up and close automatically, touch screen wont work, music player wont work, etc.2. Has a lot of restart issues, re boots twicw a week3. My Case- I used lumia charger on this since i lost the original, now the battery is swollen up. and i dont know where to buy a battery for this phone coz u can never get it anywhereNO SERVICE CENTRES, BEWAREAlright! Lemme give a detailed review on this one:1. Delivery: Flawless.... Never really have to worry about delivery when it's ATS.2. Packaging: Lovely! came to me without a dent in the packaging. Bubble wraps to for a safe transit, so no issues there.Now lemme come to the product:1. Performance: Processor is fast, works at lightening speeds..... No lags at all while using browser or any other apps. I played asphalt 8 on this for hours, and it didn't disappoint me for a moment!2. Looks: It just makes you fall for it's looks, beautiful would be an understatement.3. Battery back up: Issues here! Battery is soaked up in heavy use, I had to charge the phone twice, sometimes thrice a day!!4. Heating issues: Now here comes the bomb! The phone doesn't just heat up, it becomes a ball of fire sometimes! CPU temperature reaches 60 degrees frequently, you can't handle the phone post that....Overall, not a good purchase......I'd like to begin by saying that this phone was mistaken for what it is capable of. I've been using it for around 4 months and haven't yet faced much problems with the device. (And no I don't work for YU or anything.) The device heats and the service may be bad. The customer care may also be pretty bad too. Also there are users who get defective sets and are unable to replace them due to the poor after sales service.But then again this phone, Its not exactly useless as some would like to think. In my opinion this is an excellent phone. It may come with android KitKat, but one is still able to root (or get rooted) CyanogenMod onto the mobile, which I like better . My device has CyanogenMod 12.1 by the way.I also notices that most people complained about heating, defective sets and poor customer care. Yea and its warranted too.Performance - Let's get serious. This phone is a performance beast. I'm not kidding. It is. Its able to carry out tasks beautifully. Its a hoy to multitask and game on this phone. It rarely lags. It handles hardcore games with ease. Thankfully its not throttled, meaning its able to go all out on performance. Its also part of the why the phone heats. The other being that it uses a Snapdragon 615, which is pretty notorious for heating.Display - This phone has a beautiful and sharp display. The viewing angles are great. It also has good sunlight legibility. There is no pixalation or anything and the contrast is good. Not to mention the colours are accurate (some have complained about the display having a bluish tinge). Plus it also comes with gorrila glass 3 (which is not top of the line anymore because gorilla glass 4 is out). Overall the phone has a very beautiful display. Also there are now a feature called 'Live Display' which alters the warmth and coldness of the display according to the light available and the time of the day.UI - I know many are disappointed that the phone no longer comes with CyanogenMod. But atleast you can get it rooted without voiding the warranty. And trust me CyanogenMod is way better for this phone. Also CyanogenMod as you know it is extremely customisable. It also has few bugs and is a joy to use. We all know that just powerful hardware isn't enough to make a phone truly powerful, good software is also needed.Camera - This phone has a good camera. Some people have complained about a bluish tinge in their photographs, but the recent update has fixed it. It take good macro and micro shots. But night time shots are exactly up to the mark. But this IS a 10k phone. So I'm not complaining. The details are good and there is little noise in the daylight shots. To be honest I was pretty impressed with the camera.Heating - This is what most people have been complaining about. Yes the phone does heat . But the recent update (CyanogenMod) has reduced this to a large extent. Earlier it used to get hot around 50 degrees. But after the update it has come down to around 45 degrees, which is something.Also after the CyanogenMod update the phone just got better. As I mentioned earlier heating reduced , the bluish tinge was taken care of etc. In addition to all this the phone's performance, display and camera got better to be honest .I'm completely satisfied with my purchase. Its up to the reader to buy this phone of not.undoubtedly the best smartphone under 10k. with just one noticeable flaw. The battery capacity is too less and the time taken to charge is ridiculously annoying. from 15% to 100% it takes about 3+ hours. It'l work for normal usage. writing this review after 1month of using. My device had a small dead pixel but i decided to stay with it.. isnt noticeable at all when the brightness is under 10%.In case of heat issue. if you are serious gamer or a video addict. dont buy this phone. i noticed that keeping the device on more than 50% brightness makes the device hot. well im casually playing CoC, watching youtube videos, even kept the data on for the whole day. the device does not heats up that could concern you.Camera is flawless, both the front n back, although the back has got a unreal saturated feel. but i kind of like the popping colors. (you just have to focus it properly, directly pointing an shooting might result in blurry images at times.)Even the stock headphone sounds OK.Now that Cyanogen 12.1 is rolled out, lets see what it carries, Will update further after using the 12.1 version for about a month.Its a sexy device and feels good in hand with the matte finish.Waste of money. This much of worst phone I never, before seend . this mobile had lot of problems, above peoples written reviews not true. They also have a lot of problems but they are not sharing those problems. Please my dear friends. I am your friend saying don't go to buy this products. (YU YUREKA IS A WASTE OF MONEY). If u not believe, then buy see with u r eyes.PROBLEMS  IN YU YUREKA.1). 45 To 50C Heating2). It will lagging too during gaming.3). After 15 days camera becomes white blur.4). Over heating while calling, charging, gaming .5). It struck during playing small games also.6). Battery back up is too poor. Only 5h if u use the 3G. Or if u watch 2 movies, and it takes 4h to charge.7). Sometimes it doesn't shows Sim selection when u make call.8). Per day 3 times mobile has to restart.9). Not only these problems still so many problems is there.10). Buy any other products they all much better  than this product.I am having YU Yureka Moondust Grey. Since I bought this mobile phone in March,I am facing lots of problem with this.While I charge this phone with companies charger it takes more then 4 hours to get charged, and only 2 hours to get discharge. It's ridiculous seriously. Now come on another problem, this heat like a hell. Every time when i charge this it becomes heated.As its having Android v5 Lollipop operating system (upgradable to v5.1 Lollipop) with 1.5GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 64-bit octa core processor, 2GB RAM, 16GB internal memory expandable up to 32GB, So it means we can expect that this phone will work like a Ferrari means it will work without any hanging problem and all, But trust me it works like a CAMEL-RIDE . I really fed up with this now.Now as company blaming Gorilla Glass-3 isScratch proofTotal protection of your phone screenHighly transparentUnbreakableI believed on this point but now I am suffering as well. As my phone screen is full of scratches and even the GREAT Gorilla Glass-3 braked.Now tell me where to go for this.?????????????????????????????????????????I purchased two of these mainly to play Hay Day because my older phone (Karbonn A21) was not able to handle Hay Day any longer. I am also using Yu Yureka (prior model), and that phone is really good and plays Hay Day very nicely till date. Hence I opted for two of these new Yu Yureka plus. (Ya I play multiple Hay Day farms).But unfortunately on both  these phones, Hay Day does not play smoothly after say 5 minutes. The movements become jerky, and screen freezes. At-first I was puzzled, and did many things like factory reset and trying to remove possible bottlenecks whatever I could think of. But all in-vain. Later I realized that this particular snapdragon processor has what is called in-built throttling. Throttling means when processor heats up, it shutdowns its cores so that it cools down. But this throttling effect has badly spoiled the charm of playing Hay Day on these phones. So sadly now these two phone are of no use to me since I can't play Hay Day on these. Sorry to say Yu Yureka Plus, you failed us this time. I will now again have to hunt for another model of 5.5" to 6" phone. Any suggestions guys?It is having lot of issues.1. The dialler, contacts and messages stopped unexpectedly very frequently. I am getting  "Unfortunately the dialler has stopped. please report error",  "Unfortunately the messages has stopped. please report error",  "Unfortunately the contacts has stopped. please report error" issues.2. I am not able to use the mobile to call somebody. The dialler and contacts are always not responding.3. It is having issues with the network reception. People calling me always get "Not Reachable" message.I called the customer care and they asked me to update software, which means these are all known issues to them. But this update is not publicly available.I was not able to update the software itself as I cannot connect my phone to PC due to driver issues. I don't find driver for Yureka plus anywhere. Finally the customer care executive asked me to go to the service center directly.As this phone is having issues with the basic functionality of a phone, it is a useless device. Please don't buy this.Pros:1.FULL HD resolution with good clarity photos.2.Battery is good as the usage of mine.3.Very Slim and easy to handle.4. Cyanogen OS.5. Excellent music playback in good quality Headphones.6. 1080p video is awesome while shooting it.Cons:1.Many minute bugs and errors.2.Android.Process.Media error is obtained as a result in Whatsapp whenever an image has to be sent for a contact person to send from gallery. Whenever a photo has to be chosen to send to the contact from any folder, the same error is obtained and when we go beyond that error and choose the photo, the Whatsapp application is itself getting stopped.3.Whenever a photo has been captured in HDR mode, the camera application gets slow down to capture it and takes time to take next photo i.e (it's often getting loaded).4.Mobile gets restarted once per day if heavy usage is done (camera usage).5.Theme chooser error.6.Some application is getting stopped when it is opened.7. Speaker quality is not up to the mark and its very less audible.8.Battery some time gets heated like a furnaceOverall:1.Its a good phone to buy with this money range.2. If the errors are fixed, then the phone would be awesome buy for everyone.The prduct is no doubt AFFORDABLE and rich in FEATURES, but IT'S SIMPLY A GARBAGE PHONE, I've 3 Yureka phones around me, and out of 2 phones went out of order in it's very 1st month, even when the phone less used and which I unfortunately had gifted to someone (which really let me feel embarrassed), went pathetically dead, in on it's 7-8th day of use, and it's certainly as per the amazon return policy for this product, the mobile is now out of it's 14 days return policy, I've been given Micromax service center support number to contact  when I called the amazon customer care, one of the worst product which looks good in features, but has a great back draw. most of these phone are getting sick in it's early 30-40 days, for which people need to avoid buying this phone, it's not long lasting and will not let you stay peacefully once you buy it, as you'll have to go round and round to meet the service center executives, it's not what a customer will like at all, Will you? I hope, no, so for sure I recommend not to buy this product, or amazon should extend it's return policy days as most of the phones are creating problems in it's early 30-40 days. So that customer should feel better to return in case of early issues with the product.I would have given negative stars, but sorry as there is no option for negative here. However I've emailed to the managingdirector-india@amazon.in, let me see what help arrives or I've to keep moving to service centers in the very early days of my sick phone.I have used this phone of almost a month now and I regretfully will not recommend buying it. The main reason is its very poor thermal design, doing even smallest task like listening to music or surfing the web will heat the upper part of the phone. Gaming is nearly impossible because as soon as gaming heats up the processor to such a degree that it starts to thermal throttling and fps drops it has trouble running even very basic games. I stress tested the phone and within 15 seconds temperatures were above 70 degrees .second thing is software. Camera app is very minimalistic and although the hardware is good the software doesn't do justice especially video shooting where frame rate hovers around 15-20 fps or as low as 5-9 fps in low light. I ended up buying Camera FV-5 to use camera and cinema fv-5 for videos and they are working great. There are also several other bugs like very stuttery lock screen which as forum suggest have been fixed in CM12.1. but there are no OTA updates till now.Battery last whole day on moderate use without a problem and screen is very good I suggest reducing DPI to fully utilize screen space.Hello people, When you have budget of max 9k, and you are android lover, want a phone with good camera, battery, processor, huge display, What you do? You buy YUYureka Plus!!!Everybody knows that this is a bang for buck phone. This is 3rd member in my family!! :-)The new improved version of Yureka is here.. When you unbox it feels you bought the same old version bcoz you dont notice any difference.  On first look Screen size is same, back panel feels same as yureka. On start up you notice Lollipop... So no long process of download and upgrading wait period!!!Noticeable difference in camera department.. photos more crisp on plus, dunno if its a screen resolution/camera or both. I am now happy with speaker quality. i found it has been improved. Gaming is fun. heats up lil bit on HD gaming but it does so on my Samsung S4 too.. so no complain there. Touch is spontaneous, battery life is good. Single charge gives about 19hrs with calls, wifi browsing, Whatsapp use. With 3g and gaming it goes down to 15hrs still doable.So in conclusion good phone without emptying your pockets!!These 5 stars are not for any unrealistic favoritism,My views:It is a performance driven phone.Audio is superb in the headset mode with proper tweaking.Meets the requirements of a smartphone within my budget. So, Evaluated on that basis.Heats up at heavy tasks and games as any performance processor 9cpu0 does, but it doesn't hurt anything at all. Cant expect high end heatsink and coolers inside (LoL). I like the idea of letting the device heat up and dissipate  as some devices on market come with non conducting (heat) panels which pose less heating on the same hardware.A dual tone LED for camera flash is to be expected.... cant reduce half star anyway.No proximity sensor issue, No wifi issue, no network data connection issues so far. Minimum lagging (read 'no lagging').Finally, The earphones,... well designed structure for ears. Not high end earphones but are no way behind in performance ( read: accurate performance).Will get back soon if anything important need to be said.ATTENTION PLEASE EVERYONE BEFORE BUYING THIS S***....!!!!!I'M returning back yureka+..after using it for few days... i want my money backamazon one of the most trusted site....please dont loose ur customers by selling this piece of s***- inside where battery is kept is un even-speakers are very very very bad...worst..-touch pad scrolls down when i want to scroll up-heats like a fresh s***,metal plate,iron rod...after using few minutes like 10 minutes-LAGGIGNG and rebooting by itself.....very slow and laggy-BATTERY while charging it shows 100 the other minutes its 80-back CAMERA is worst...dont focus well... blurred pictures-GALLERY...there is no option to delete,copy,move pictures...as album does not even get selected..and even u dont get gallery as primary option while setting whatsapp or any other profile pictures... pictures edited from apps dont get saved-no basic APPS...like memo pad-dosent show both the sim in the notify bar... u will see one at a time-SENSORS dosent repond well...PLEASE AMAZON REFUND MY MONEY-!!! Excellent Phone !!! True FeedbackThis YU Yureka Plux phone is really Excellent in all category based on my last 7 days usages.Battery: Very Good for full day users along with wifiCamera : Very Good but having fade quality issue in light but it can adjustableRAM : 2GB DDR3 is very good performanceProcessor: 615 QUALCOMM AwesomeDisplay : Full HD Awesome qualityPerformance : ExcellentCustomization: Very Good and innovativeTouch : Very GoodSound Quality and Head Phone: Vey Very Good QualityCharger : Very Good qualityOverall phone quality and performance is excellent expect some time phone heat at playing game and its a comman issue in all phones as per my experience.This phone will take market on Samsung, Asus, Moto G and other phones.Please go ahead and buy this phone 8999/- price which is equivalent  to 20000/- priced phone.ThanksKhandesha KothaleIT ProfessionalThe device got super hot. The battery depleted quickly. But the deal killer was an sms malfunction - not sure whether this is a Cyanogen issue or a Yu issue. When I typed smses and wanted to add a recipient, as soon as I added recipient name, the screen started flickering in all kinds of strange colours.I called the Yu helpline and they did not have a clue and gave me some nonsensical advise. It was then that I decided that it was best to return the device to amazon and get my money back.Great service from Amazon. Quick pickup. No questions asked returns and prompt processing of the refund.I also wanted to add in respect of the device display - that although the specs are very impressive on paper (441 ppi or something like that) the display was quite poor and far less vibrant than my 2 year old Canvas HD A116! I couldn't believe it at first. Quite astonishing.Bargain hunt with a different device is my recommendation. Keep away from this particular phone. The lack of consistency in quality is the problem with this particular manufacturer and certain others. It's almost like hit and miss if you buy their devices. You may get a problem free device but on the other hand you may be stuck with a complete dud. It's a lottery. Whatever the price advantages offered, it's not worth going through the uncertainty in even basic quality and absent customer service.Coming to the handset, looks good and screen is also good. Some problem with screen sticking to fingers -- cleaning the screen did help a bit.CM 12 OS is the main reason I got this handset instead of Lenovo and other products in same price range.Now coming to what can be done in this device, first upon immediately receiving the device, enable privacy options to all by default, then go to advanced privacy settings and make sure all apps (except the ones that we really need / use often whatsapp, gmail, playstore etc) that need not be i.e games occasionally used apps etc and disable Auto Start and keep awake. Doing this will ensure that your heating issue will reduce considerably to a manageable one, obviously once u install new apps you have to do the same stuff again for new ones. and while playing games will still heat up phone no fixes there.Batter charging is pretty slow only way to fix is 2 Amps charger and while phone is switched off.Camera is good in when there is enough light, back camera is bad in low light worse than front camera.Overall for the price you get a decent enough phone.1)Yureka Plus, the upgraded version of its first budget smartphone, Yureka, at Rs 8,999. The major highlight of the the phone is its upgraded 5.5-inch full-HD (1920x1080p) display. Powered by a 64 bit 1.5GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 octa core chip and 2GB DDR3 RAM, the phone has 16GB internal storage expandable up to 32GB via microSD card. Though the company has improved some of its features, it still have some drawbacks.2)Average battery life, 2500mah runs down to 10% of heavy use of 3 hours.3)The Cynogen 12 has many bug, resulting to hanging, carshing of the UI.4)There is frame loss and drag while gaming foe about 30 mins which is really disappointing.5)The phone gets extremely hot on moderate use of 15-20mins.6)Camera is as well disappointing as it does its best at all the times snapping of pics.7) it has HD display but the colors are a bit washed out to look at.8) Double tap to wake and sleep is the worst feature for guy who travel a lot as the phone wakes up in the pocket while walking or moving, and you will experience the heat in the pocket.>yureka plus give good  performance>both camera's are good ,selfi camera is very good, primary camera is also good.>heat problem is present only when playing large games but in usual use is normal>battery charging is slow , taking 3 hours , but after one week decreases to 2.45 hours>battery backup 1 day for call only>gaming,wifi etc 8 hours to 12 hours of backup>because of very large display, we can increasing battery by decreasing the brightness, battery safe mode is on the settings .>display is very good ,quality is good ,earphone is also good,sound is not much but its ok>call quality is good, the cyanogen gives lots options in yu yureka plus>users of this phone definitely need a power bank .>i facing a problem in internal memory but i fix it.> my k3 note is broken fall from my hand, after that i buy yureka plus this display is strong with gorila glass 3 but i never drop this phone yet.>gaming performances is also good> the yureka+ gives value for the money>overall the phone worth for buying @8999/->I give 4* this phone @ 9KAt the first impression anybody can give five star. Although there is no problem in running any apps, web & face book browsing or doing anything... the phone performes absolutely fine. You won't find any lag in switching apps. However if you are a game savvy whether 2D or 3D game, sometime it gives little hitch. At the same time for any operation contiguously for 5 /10 minutes also the phone gets heated up more than 35 deg C. If u run video, watch movie or play songs then easily the temp goes beyond  40 deg C & uncomfortable to hold on hand. Cameras are good & able to deliver decent pictures. Due to processor heating problem, it seems much of current drained & power is consumed very fast. So the battery hardly lasts for a day. There is another problem with this phone is you can't able see certain regional Indian languages which are otherwise seen with any Samsung devices. This problem may be overcome by rerooting the phone with appropriate file. But I didn't hesitate to purchase it from Amazon, because of Amazon's excellent post purchase support, & of course amazingly return/ refund policy in case the customers care does turn up. I still recommend to buy it from Amazon & try it out.Pros: good performs, good value for money.Cons: heating up, & hence power consumed unnecessarily. The major hitch is the poor customers care.Hi #YU this is mukesh Mob. 7411729430, I purchased Yu yureka on 22 Jan 2015 from Amazon India order id 402-6300347-5930703. I have charging issue problem with device ( battery is absolutely working fine in other device same for charger also). I complained this problem to customer care 18602122122 on 6-7 august 2015 till now my problem is not resolved. Each time I called them they only suggest me to reset (soft way and hard way) and update the device , I tried all procedure they suggested me, and when they have no option to say, then they are making an excuse that technical team will call you between 24 to 48 hrs. I called then nearly 10 times each time same answered technical team will call u in 24 to 48 hrs and result u know they don't any such technical team. Literally they are cheating us.So guys if you are looking for devices I suggest don't buy any product Yu Yureka Plus or Yu Yuphoria from them. Irony is any problem arises to you device within one year #YU only promised to replace your device on paper not practically.If any one looking for new device don't purchase it. may be try Motorola ASUS Lenovo Mobile India Samsung Mobile India. Atleast they will repair your device if some problem arises.. I have no espectation from #YU .https://www.facebook.com/yuplaygod/posts/815457698551406Device has great power, but the hardware and battery is worst from the first day it starts heated up I am regularly sending mails to YU support for a simple device check up BT they don't give a damn to there customers after sales battery drains in maximum 3 hrs even on stand by mode. If you are buying this device I will suggest you to please do it on your luck as yureka team is not at all supportive .If I ask them for battery drainage issue there reply is like keep your phone on no vibration on touch and keep the brightness on minimum. What they add up in this is cynogen has this problem to drain the battery.I had asked them about device heat up at that level where you can't put your phone near to your face for talking on call. And there reply is like you need to reboot the softwares by urself. They just sent u a link in this regard. Even they have added that our device usually gets heat up whenever you do something with ur phone.Now if I talk about good side of this phone it has a strong power in it. You will luv to play with it if you have a extra powerbank from the very first day.If yureka team is listening to this I request them to please provide a check up on this phone as it is only 1 month old from today. Or if you can help me to replace this device...Hi All,I have bought YU Yureka Plus mobile on  3rd SEP'15 and I used it for 4.5 days means till 7th SEP'15 morning 10AM. Overall phone performance, look, camera everything is awesome with this budget we cant compare it other mobiles. But only lagging thing in this mobile is, it has a very poor battery backup. It was mentioned mobile will give 8 hours battery back but it will differ based on the usage. Still battery should be available for normal usage but it failed over here.YU concentrated on cam,ram, cpu, processor hd display everything but they forgot about battery performance.Guys please think more than once before taking this mobile.When I contacted YU support team for batter issue below is the reply I received, but how come use do a hard rest to a new mobile ?Thank you for emailing YU Support.We deeply regret for the inconvenience caused to you. In response to your query, we would request you to go to settings>>battery>> media server apps is running or not..If media server is consuming more battery, we request you to follow the below mentioned steps:1. There could be a corrupt file in the system which causes excess consumption of battery and heats the device.2. There could be a virus in phone/SD card which is causing media server to behave abnormally.For resolving this media server problem, we would request you to reset your phone by using the below mentioned steps:Create the back up of your device data and remove the memory card as well.Steps for Hard Reset:-Switch OFF the mobilePress 3 buttons together (volume UP+volume DOWN+Power button) till the YU logo appears.Recovery screen will appearSelect option 3 (Wipe Data/Factory reset) and then select "yes-delete all users"Select option 4(Wipe Cache Partition)Select option 5 (Wipe media) and select "yes-delete all user media"Select option 1(Reboot System Now).NOTE: Device may get heat up normally while playing games, surfing internet etc. Sometimes Battery also gets drained quickly in these scenarios. It may be either due to excessive usage of applications or media files.Incase of overheating and battery drainage, we would recommend you to delete unwanted applications and media files.If you are using a high capacity SD card, i.e. more than 16 GB then we would recommend you to try after removing the SD Card. It is an inherent property of Android that it creates thumbnails of the media files on the device due to which, it's likely that the device may get heated up or might lose excessive battery. Once the thumbnails are removed, it will come back to its normal state, within 48 to 72 hours.We request you to use the device for 3 days and see if the heating issue has lessened or not.Also, would recommend you to follow the steps on battery cycles: 1. Please charge the battery to 100%.2. Let it consume the battery, till it drains to 1% - 2%, Please don't recharge the phone in between.3. Once it completely drains, Please charge it again to 100%.4. Follow this at least 3 to 4 times, for the battery to come to its normal state.If still issue persist, please contact us with the screenshots as mentioned below:Settings >> Battery (Please take a screenshot of the complete screen. Incase it does not come in one screenshot, you may take two snapshots to send the complete screen).Settings >>Apps>>downloaded (Please take a screenshot of the complete screen. Incase it does not come in one screenshot, you may take two snapshots to send the complete screen).To take a screenshot, you can press Volume down + Power Key for 2 secs. It will take the screenshot.P.S: Battery may behave abruptly for the initial 2 to 3 days, but it will get normal automatically after a few battery cycles. This is happening because Cyanogen being a new Operating System, it takes a while for the battery to get compatible.You can also visit forums.yuplaygod.com for further technical assistance.Best regards,YU SupportFinally, it's up to you !!!Hi everyone,I was in double mind whether to go for this mobile or not after reading the various mixed reviews from previous buyers. Anyway based on price and features I decided to go for it. But after using this mobile, I will say I am satisfied with it. It has got attractive look and it weighs less. But the comments from previous buyers are all valid. Let me explain on the major issues highlighted by other buyers, one by one.1. Battery LifeIf you are not crazy about gaming and don't stay in internet or apps for so much time, this is not going to be a issue. I hope the users who made negative reviews belong to other category. I use this mobile on a average of 75 - 90 mins for calls and around one hour for apps n internet per day. I don't have any issue. It took 48 hours to reach 10% starting with 100%. This will be the case with many smart phones. Also we have battery saver option which can be used if required.2. Heating UpYes. This issue exists. During charging, You can feel the heat when we touch the panel. If you attend a call in between charging, you will feel some heat in the phone. But this is not unbearable. This also exist in many smart phones.Another concern is it takes around 4 hours to charge from 10% to 100%.To summarise, if you are not a very frequent mobile user and not crazy about games n apps, this mobile will satisfy you easily. Also for people in white collar jobs with charging port in their work station, this will be really good.I hope this mobile will not suit for people who do marketing or who stay outside for most of their working hours and who use mobiles more frequently.If you are not in the above category, this mobile will highly satisfy you and this is definitely worth the money you pay.Don't ever purchase any Yureka products. The company is fake and there is no service center. I purchased a yurkea phone 6 months before and since then It has not not working well. From the beginning, It heats all time although I am not using any app and data on this. I have done all the troubleshoot steps they told me but the problem is still. I can't keep the phone on my ear because of too much heat. Gradually, they wasted my 6 months telling useless steps and false promises. No one came yet, and now it's USB Cable is not working. When I told them they said to send invoice and emei etc. Finally I sent invoice and all things which you told me but I didn't get any response from them. When I asked them to give service center address, they said they don't have any service center. When I said to them that the phone has 1 year warranty then why don't you give service? We give service on phones only, executive said. I am screwed up guys. No one will believe that I have spend more than 1500 rs on phone calls. Calling is paid on their no. When i said to go to Micromax service center, they said we don't mean to Micromax.Don`t purchase this phone or you`ll regret it.Cons only no pros at all:1. Touch not responsive as one would expect. Can`t play even subway surfer properly thanks to lack of responsive touch. Only 5 finger touch.2. Battery backup is not good at all, even after keeping in power saver mode, it hardly last 10-12 hrs on standby without any app running and slow charging to complement it.3. Phone heats up pretty badly without even playing games, you just need to keep your internet connection on then open chrome, message, contacts and whatsapp it`ll heat up your phone real nice.4. Antutu score comes out to be 32K not even 36K as stipulated on many review websites even in performance mode.5. Cynogenmode UI is pathetic, not what one would expect, not even comparable to other popular UIs. Its better to have stock android.6. Camera though 13 MP, but no good photos so far.7. Can`t even read SIM card contacts directly, one need to copy them to phone memory first to use them.8. No network based video calling option though they provided 5 MP front camera.9. No updates so far to address heating and battery issues. No support at all.10. When in battery saver mode and you decide to play a game, game play experience worsens as phone start to hang for split seconds in between game play.I`ll add more cons as I find them.I bought Yu Yureka Plus on its first sale on 24 July,2015 and got it delivered on 28 July. On first look I instantly liked the phone. But on using the phone for about 9 days, I returned it. The reason are as follows:1. While normal usage the device didn't heat much but on prolong usage yes it did get hot but still bearable.2. The main issue to me was BATTERY BACKUP of this phone. Battery backup is so poor that it only work for 4 hours before complete discharge. And on top of that it takes about 3.5 hours to get it completely charge. So basically you are chained to power outlet for most part of times. I was so let down by its battery backup that I was seriously considering buying 10400 mAh power bank.3. There is always some frame drop during unlocking of screen. Also when I clear all app to close, it takes some time to actually proceed ahead.4. Heating of device while calling also did take place due to which I had to keep it far from my ear. I was ready to accept all the flaws of the phone since I am getting good quality screen 1080p under 10000rs but battery backup was the deal breaker for me andthe biggest letdown. Believe me all the other issues are secondary in front of that.Conclusion: Buy it only if you have power bank with you all the time or you can charge it two times a day.Having used and recommended the YU Yureka previously, I was excited to purchase the YU Yureka Plus.At the price, the phone is a good 4G smartphone, even though it is not a major upgrade over the Yureka. It directly competes with the Lenovo K3 Note, which costs Rs. 9,999 that has an edge when it comes to performance and battery life.With the Yureka Plus, the company has successfully managed to cover the Yureka's biggest flaw, i.e. Its display. However, at the same time, the phone loses a bit of the fluidity of performance the Yureka was known for. Also though the Yureka Plus has improved the camera and offers a 1080p display, the battery life is still average and heating issues persist.Those things aside, the Yureka Plus runs on the tried and tested Cyanogen OS which comes with a lot of customization options and security features, compared to other smartphones in the price range. It will particularly appeal to people who are looking for stock Android like experience and a good camera.Actually this is my 2nd yureka plus.The first one which I bought had a camera problem the rear camera didn't open at all.I contacted YU care but they didn't respond correctly. So I returning the product and got refunded.At next sale again I again purchased yureka plus with some faith that this will not happen again.And here I am with review of  1 week of usage.Display is better than other phones at this range, good color reproduction more vivid than yureka hence simply good.Camera: pictures are good in broad daylight not only good but are best. Low light images sucks. While the front camera is above par.Processor: can play high graphic games with no lags and frame drops can handle multitasking undoubtedly. But gets heated during 30-40min of continuous usage (temp is not that high) but if you are using ur mobile during the temp raises and sometimes it heats very badly.OS : undoubtedly the best customized android os. Just loved it.Battery: can use it for one half day with medium brightness and with some net usage.But it needs to be improved either by increasing battery mAh or by realising an update or buy getting a good power bank.I would sure recommend for big screen lovers expecting good performance at this budgetI am using this phone for a month now and I am neither disappointed nor so excited about this smarty. I am happy for its design,build quality and looks.Few hiccups I have noticed are...1.Camera quality is not so good.so much noise and poor picture quality not expected from 13 MP camera.2.Some times I have noticed double images of top right corner icon images like network,battery strength,and time.There may be a chip problem in my phone but it is very annoying to see those double icon images.I wanted to return on 20th day but amazon says returning period is only 10 days.Cmmon amazon, its time to make it a month.3.battery charging time is very high,nearly 5-6 hrs.4.Supplied phone guide is not explaining all the details of phone.5.YU can fix screen guard instead of packing separately.shopfella spoiled my screen guard and I had to spend 300 rupees to buy another I'll fitting guard.6.Audio output quality of speakers could have been better.very low output and how to use audio fx is not explained in manual.7.double tap awakening of phone is slow and unresponsive sometimes.8.immediate price dropping and then offering gift card is not expected from a biggie like amazon.As a customer I request to fix correct price and then stick to that price to maintain your credibility.Manage your selling partners accordingly.Genuine feedback :The specs for this phone are pretty awesome but you should know in details about this phone:Screen : Big you actually need 2 hands to use this phone.Camera: is poor quality.Sound : Music starts cracking at 90% volume.Feel : back cover gives you grip but i have some friends who like that feel and some don't i was ok with it. But grip will fade after some time for sure.Heating :  Heats a lot on first start-up it updates some app and heats like hell. It will heat if you want to install more than 2 apps , it heats a lot when you talk for and Hour on the phone.Rebooting problem : It keeps rebooting after every 15 min. after 2 days of my purchase.Battery : Is good it works for 24 hr without charging but i think this will certainly go away because of rebooting and restart problem.So to conclude you cannot expect more then Spec's at this priceSo if you are looking for a good built and high performance this is not the device for you.if you just need a phone with higher spec's you can take your chances.That's all Folk'sThough we are tempted by the specifications this phone provides, one should consider the actual usage of the phone for its credibility. All these reviews you will find these days do not highlight the most common facts about these cheap phones with great specs. These reviews undermine the most important aspects which affects the daily usage of the phone.Talking about this particular phone few things which will make or break the buying decision. You have to trust me on this as I am using this phone since last one month and by the way this is the first phone review I am writing so that others can see through the great specification these kind of phones provides.Heating Problem1. The phone heats up quickly after talking 5 min continuously or taking pictures for 10 minutes. It heats up so much that you can't keep it in your pocket.2. While browsing also it gets heat up quickly enough to discourage you from active browsing.3. I am not a big fan of gaming on mobile phone but when my daughter plays "temple run" on it for 10 minutes its pathetically hot to hold.Performance1. When you open the Phone application and dial some number there is 2-3 sec delay in getting up the calling screen. Basic phone application is slow, what performance can you expect from this phone.Build QualityIts a plastic phone without any ruggedness in the build material.LookDecent look without anything significant to be listed here.I think the heating problem is one problem which should be considered to remain away from this phone. What if one is not able to use the phone because you can't hold it near your ear or in your hands,because its ******ing hot!!Please keep away from this phone at all cost irrespective of the specifications one can see.I am using this mobile since last 15 days,Pros : 1) user interface is good.  2) display is stunning with 401 ppi  3) device is less weight compare to other mobile with 5.5 inch disply  4) no lagging issue till now by opening multiple apps  5) front cam is average  6) RAM optimization much better than the other device available Ram is 765 mb,lenovo k3 available free Ram space is 300mb after  installing the basic apps.  7) lastly sound clarity is awesome with inbuilt "AudioFX" which provides amazing sound while using Headphones like sKallcandy, Sony EtcCons: 1) seriously guys YU has done a blander mistake of giving 2500mh battery for such large disply it drains quickly.  2) heating issue while  making calls through Apps like whatsapp, line,skype Etcc,, you can't hold it more than 2 minutes.but when comes to normal calling no heating issue unless your internet is offConclusion :  If your using the device for internet calling  through Apps then not recommended, if u r a moderate user and looking for camera then go for it.  battery is only the biggest drawback for this device ,Here i would like to give you proper information about the product. First of all as soon as i opened the package i was happy with having such a great configured phone at the best possible price but as soon as i started working with it i found i have wasted money on such a product. I was using A117 which is performing yet and that's i made decision to buy this one; i am very much disappointed with the product and the company. I think company should call back the product and must improve it.I have contacted customer care for heating trouble and battery backup issue also "ERROR 905" i cannot download Asphalt 8 even as it's 1.6 gb additional. They suggested me to  put the phone on safe mode for 3-4 hrs i did it so, than also having same issues. Battery will not last for more than 6-8 hrs in which 90% of time is on standby rest of the time on wi-fi yet i have not put the sim card in but i don't think i will make up.My suggestion to the company is pls call back all your phones do some R N D make some improvements and send back keep your customers happy and satisfied.Amazon's delivery and service was good. But I don't think Yu is a company to do business with.The mobile heated like hell even when I'm making a call. I never play intense games. Normally mobiles won't heat up within 5 min of call. The temperature rises to 48 degree.  When I contacted yu regarding heating issue as my return portal got expired. The Yu representative told some troubleshooting steps. I tried everything. It didn't help me. I used my mob in safe mode and also done hard resetting and observed for 2 days. Nothing helped.I again contacted yu. The service representative told that the technical team will address the issue within 48 hours. I waited for three days, no one called. I called again they told they want another 48 hours.You could understand the attitude of a company by this time. It was careless and showed a deaf ears. At the end of the day I got a call from Yu technical team. He told that he can't repair or replace as heating is normal in this phone and he transfered the call to his higher official. He was talking like a stupid that in this phone's octa core processor all cores works simultaneously (which is wrong). Thinking that I don't know anything. I do compared my mobile with my Moto x 2nd gen. But he was telling that this processor is octa core unlike moto x which is quad core. Yu is a low end mobile with mid end processor. But his argument was yureka is superior to moto x. In pcta core Only 4 cores work simultaneously. He doesn't know that simple thing and he was in technical team. I don't know how these people got job. I understood that by the end of the day I'm not going to get a replaced mobile. So I didn't want to prolong the argument and reply to his stupid statements.My end result was wasting 8 days of time and got spoiled my mood. They should have told that the heating is common at the first day itself. For people who say that investing money in Samsung Sony lg HTC is waste, think before you buy these kind of third grade company's product. You will feel the value for money theory well until you find some problem in your mobile and look for a service. At that day you will get frustrated to the core. As I'm now. There is no value for money in any product you buy. If you feel that this product is value for money then you forget that you compromised on service point of view. Anyway it's your decision. I thought of sharing my pathetic and aweful experience. This mobile was sent to be a gift for my friend. Ultimately I ended up with embarrassment.I'm gonna giving review on Amazon and Yu Yureka PlusAt first I want to say about the yureka plus, In a word its "WASTE OF MONEY" or "Electronic Heater". The problem I faced with this device are1. Its heating up during the boot up2. CPU temperature hits 55 C during normal 3 min usages3. The heating during calling is unbearable4. Battery back up is very poor5. Almost all apps crashed many times6. Gaming performance is very poor I can't play temple run and subway surfer, a very cheap device can play this games.If you want to buy this phone just see to it that you full fill one of the following reasons-1. If you are feeling cold.2. If you are missing home heater.3. IF you want to cook on your phone.4. or if you are posted in Siberia .Final verdict - This device has almost all facilities of causing GLOBAL WARMING.........!!!!!!!!Now my review comes to amazon.in1. I am disappointed that amazon allowed this company to sell their phone on their site.2. After the heating issue i have requested a full refund  against this product and the response was very good, on the very next day amazon picked  up the product from my home, and within two days i had the total amount on my bank account.OVERALL SATISFIED WITH AMAZON.IN BUT NOT WITH YUREKA PLUS.PLEASE DONT GO FOR IT, ITS TOTALLY DISGUSTING.......Hello Friends,I have been waiting for this Kind of Cellphone for ONE Year!!!!. Finally, YUREKA!!! made my Dreams come true. So I have been using it with my AIRTEL 4G Network and it is very Good handset for the Cost. Also I couldn't find any issues with it till today. Camera also Very Good. You can buy this product without reviewing any comments of anyone and Enjoy the features of it.Here is the Best Description of my usage on experience:1. Camera - Very Good quality of picture with Auto Flash.2. Design - Smart and very Handy, Light wait.3. Video - Enjoy watching Full HD movies/videos on Full HD screen. No Hanging or Stuck up of Videos.4. Screen Display - 5.5'' screen gives very good views on photos/videos & Games.5. Weight- Light Weight and easy to carry in your pocket6. Audio - Very Good Sound Systems with Equalizer options & More BASS System.7. Heating - But Sometimes on 4G, the phone gets Heat little more, but no harm to the phone.I request you folks, Please avoid in wasting Money by buying any other Cellphones which Costs more for same features and Encourage the Technology which brings you on Low Cost with more benefits/advantages.Thanks YUREKA !!!NaveenI got this just yesterday and i am forced to write a negative review due to the bad performance.pros:VERY GOOD SPECSCons: pretty much everything1. the apps are responding very slow right out of the box. even without installing any additional apps, the phone app responsiveness is very slow. (Almost 5 seconds delay for every response).2. the call quality is poor and ear piece heats up beyond bearable. The call disconnects after few seconds. (no issues see in whats app calls).3. while dialing a number, the ringtone is horrible. There is something echoing in the background while the dialing is in progress. (before the other person picks the call)Note: three cons just with the inbuilt phone app.4. the hyped oleophobic coating is nothing to be compared to other phones. In a word, the coating is useless as the finger prints are clearly visible just like my ole smartphone. iphone 3gs had very very good oleophobic coat even after 3 years of use.This is just the first few hours of use review. I am gonna return the product. I do not expect it to perform any better after installing any apps.I hate the phone there are some major problems first of all this device has battery backup of just 12 hours on standby so you need to charge even if u dont use it at all it heats up and heats up really bad really fast and I havent played any high end graphics ...the build quality is not that satisfactoryYu yureka plus is the worst phone I have ever seen Even though the phone looks rugged, the build quality is not that satisfactory  wifi takes some time to get connecetd but downloads over wifi are very fast. the cameras are awesome considering the low price. the mobile also has a lot of lag in its performance. now these days my phone contacts showing mis arrange,very heated,hanging,when i load new themes the contact are not show .flash messga show bug report send,then contacts are show,I,m call to yureka cust.care many times,he tells me some settings but no any resolve.I suggest never buy this phone,i spend 1200/rs talktime to yureka cust.care calling ,i also calls to amazon but no any result yet.purchase date may 2015Hi Readers ,There are many reviews in Amazon page,But  i would like to highlight few points about the Yu Yureka Plus.Cons -- Heating is the  major issue of this phone. I can say it is a heater , I played Asphalt8 AirBourne for 30 mins at a stretch  , Avg Temp rises around 56-58 deg C.  As it is a OCTA core processor device, it does not have any switching hysteresis, hence temp arises abruptly. Also Temp rises in normal usage like FB,Twitter ,Instagram on wifi as well. Then U can easily imagine what happen if 3G Mobile data is on.- Since it is 1080P display , High end games are constantly lagging , even though i put Game Video setting on lower graphics mode , lagging still there . So not good for high end games as display resolution is not matching with processor clock frequency.-Battery is very pathetic , U need a high end battery bank to survive with this phone. After full charge of battery I did a test on it on below conditions but the battery was drained out completely in 6 hrs ,One single Sim 3G mode , (Mobile data off)Wifi on continiouslyTotal Call Duration -15-20 minsFB, Whatsapp, Net Surfing - 30  minsPlay Clash of King for -30 minsPlay Asphalt8 AirBourne - 30 minsPlay You Tube videos  - 15 minsPros.- I don't want to go to the specification what is already written in Yureka Box , below few are my observations- I can say Built quality is Good,- In1080P display you will get a very good HD video experience.- Rear Camera & Front Camera is pretty ok .- Normally you don't get any earphone at this price range , But Yu Yureka plus is offering it and this earphone sound quality is also quite good.- SAR value very less on this device- No lag on normal games like - Candycrush , 2048 , clash of kings etc.- User experience of Cyanogen OS based on Android Lolipop 5.0.2 is also quite good.Actually at this price you will get few more options if you want to explore , I dont like this phone beacause of heating and lagging issues.Above all , i want to share few points for Amazon.in , Customer experience and service quality of Amazon are always good,  I will give 4.5 star rating out of 5 to Amazon.4 years back in 2011 - i bought samsung galaxy fit for rs.10,000....... look @ me now -- 4 days before on 13th aug i received a mini hand computer @Rs.9000 and that too indian brand assembled in india.....i call it mini computer coz i wanted to replace my vaio lap (as it is broke)  for studying n entertainment purposes.... and it fulfills my expectations...pros:1.big screen with crystal clear display with full hd experience,2.good experience with caynogen OS and all its advantages,3.OTG - can use pen drive, mouse, keyboard,4.no need worry about accidental fall or scratch - coz it has gorilla glass 35.dual sim, 4g(but i havnt used 4g yet)6.in short a mini mobile computer( if google apps fulfills ur purposes)7.ok camera...not as impressive as FHD display(back cam is equivalent to mi4 but mi4's front cam wins wen compared with this mob)8.its indian which gives me complete satisfactioncons:1.under intense use battery lasts only 3-4hrs....under moderate use 6-7hrs....n wen screen is off more than a day......(screen is d biggest battery drainer)2.heating wen using mobile data,bluetooth and some times while charging,wifi,.. (not as hot as mi4)3.minor lags wen background apps>10 and wen having more junk files -- this can be nullified by 360 security app4.havnt tried customer care..many report bad experience.Regarding those who complaint abt cons:  cons(1,2,3) are found in all phones in some degree..... but this phone does justice among its peers(10k mobiles).... my opinion is - its unjust to complaint abt cons(1,2,3 mentioned above) coz u havnt spent >50k n bought iphone(though i heard that these three cons are also found in iphones at some degree)..... also u can minimize battery drain,heating by many methods given in internet......  if u want best phone @ 10k and comfortable with using power bank....go for it!!!!!!  Its worth for all ur moneySo far so good,in particular, the navigation bar adjustments, and clock adjustments superb, i think it is because of cynogenat first it has some minor app issues after update all the application in the play store seems it is good now, extraordinary music effects, superb video qualityexpecting the OS update toowith wifi usage phone keep 4 to 5 hours backupif you use WIFI, Mobile DATA, GPS, all the features then gone in two hour,to extend your battery life switch off the features that is not needed,after a long search, i found a settings under display adaptive brightness, use lot of power once i turned off, seems the battery extends it's lifeAsphalt 8, have some lag on some particular maps and cars(in particular some high end cars), this means need more processing power, but for a phone with this price it's ok,have some minor bug in messaging app, you are not able to easily pick numbers from your contactswho the hell say that it has a poor customer service,to me there is problem in a my ear phone,send a mail and tell the details of my phone once the problem is identifiedwith in five days the replace with a new oneDo not buy this! You'll repent in few days.Features are awesome. No doubt about performance. Gamers will be very happy. But.... Worst battery and chipsets. Snapdragon known for its heating issues has just got worst.Temp on an avg be at 38c to 42c while using the phone.Just 4min on the call and the screen as well as the phone got so much heated up that I felt like the phone might just burst. It is dangerously scary!!!!Having used Samsung for ages, and having spoken on those phones for hours... This experience was horrible.I was so fascinated by the phone's screen and features, but sorry I don't want to risk my life. :'DAlso yu plus was not able to perform with 40apps occupying just 450mb of the RAM. WHICH SAMSUNG WITH 1GB RAM does well with less lag.And WiFi with excellent signal strength was not getting connected on this device. Would atumatically switch often, though other devices were able to work on the same WiFi network. It took me half a day to configure Gmail, as WiFi lost connection often &  couldn't complete steps to configure at one go.I had no hope of yu coming with a bunch fix for this, and waste my time and money on this product. I have returned it for refund.Battery heating and battery performance is worst at its best. Buy if you're fine with having an iron box in hands and pockets while in use and at ears while on a call.Hi All,  Want to help others to take a decision.  I will mention the pros and cons and conclusion to make it short. For first yurekha model.Pros: Camera, Display at this price range.Cons:1. Adds display snapdrangon in amazon. But, given me some other processor. Amazon, are you going to do anything for this.  2. As others mentioned, it hangs a lot even without much apps running. I am not a gamer.  3. Can easily idenitfy marks on the screen. Need to change scratch guard regularly.  4. Bad call quality. It's clear, but low and not audible.  5. Call quality with speaker on is average. Music with speaker on is poor.  6. OTG. I can connect. But, cannot copy or do any changes. For that, it asks for root premisson.Conclusion:  I know, for the price, we may not expect much. But, the way amazon gave publicity, "play god" is nonsense. It is just another cheap mobile. Better go for Xiomi products, All the above problems were not faced in xiaomi products (MI3 and Redmi(has heating problem though)). They also giving just what they said. Not a hype like here.In Short Summary about Yu Plus. (Received Phone Yesterday Evening)Pros1)  Good Configuration with Storage and RAM.2)  Fast and Responsive but hangs some times.Cons1)  Processor HEATED within 1 min to 48/50 Degree if no activity is happening or display is off then processor cools down. Point to be noted is that I was on wifi not on data service then this was case , think of if i am on 3G/4G Data service and Temperature of mobile.2)  Camera 13MP is equivalent to 5MP camera quality.Summary--------------1) On Highest  Priority Heating issue need to be fixed.2) On Medium Priority Camera Bug fix need to be released to fix quality issue.____________________________________________________________________________________Update on 22-Aug-2016!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! VERY HEATING WARNING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Yu Plus Mobile Temperature reaching to 75 Degree Celsius. Most Time is around 71 Degree. I am planing to returns this mobile. We can not even hold in hand. Very High RiskHere its weakness is its battery and heating problem.. Battery drains like something and my mobile heat is drastically high while using it. Really I need a solution for this or else very sad I need to return it.. I love the features of this mobile which is really the plus part of the mobile which really beats K3 note but the heating and battery problem really makes pathetic.. Amazon ur people are really great compared to flipkart u people are rocking please maintain this. Try to solve this or else I need to return it.. Thanks for readingI am very much disappointed with the product. This is my first worst experience with Amazon. We can call this item as heater. Whenever I open the mobile, its automatically gets heated. Always I am seeing mobile temperature at 67 and above. And also I noticed the charger gets burned after 80 charging completed. Initiated return request. I hope I will be refunded.I returned this product to Amazon. Phone is getting restarted unexpectedly when connected to 4G. It is happening at regular intervals. Finally I called YU customer care and they asked to me to do a hard reset. I did a hard reset, lost all my data. But the issue remained. YU customer care guys sent me a trouble shooting step too asking me to download CM12 installation package to try reinstalling OS itself. I didn't try this and without any hesitation returned the product to Amazon.There was heating pbm too. Phone was getting heated when connected to internetI saw several bugs with CM12. I don't think it is stable yet.Don't go for this phone unless you are ready invite worries. Phone is full of features at a very decent price. But what is the use of those features when the basic operations itself are not working.CRAP PHONE - don't buy this!!As usual, Amazon's customer care services is excellent and 10 starts for it!!!!!it hits too much at the processor level and also doesn't meet the clearity of camera also the battery doesn't full-fill the requirement or the battery is low at very earlier. The product which  is given and shows the adds doesn't satisfy the user.......Front camera is good but the back side camera which is shown as 13 MP of Sony can't shows the clear picture.I had purchased the said mobile on 8th April 2015, based on the excellent features & cost, the features were very attractive, but the product is not at all worth investing.The worst product ever purchased. This review is based on 1 year usage of Yu Yureka. The mobile has somehow completed 1 year of Guarantee period, the company is now free from replacing the said device which is now totally dead. It was regular in giving updates, but moment the updates were installed the mobile started giving problems, it started rebooting whenever it gets heated and whenever try to make a call.Even after going to service centers twice and giving software updates the problem persisted. When the device went dead, i visited the service center and was told there is a problem with the mother board and the cost of same is 80-85% of the mobile value, the guarantee period had expired some 25-30 days back.I do not recommend anyone to buy this mobile even for free.I purchased this after losing my phone which got wet by rain. I had Redmi Note 4G previously which i loved.I got this phone simply because of its great reviews which i read in multiple places like NDTV gadgets etc..It has been a month now i am using this phone. Here are some pros and cons of it :Pros:1. Its a good phone in this price range.2. Good camera, resolution on screen.3. With this price the processor is really great one and lolipop helps and always better than Kitkat.4. 16GB memory and 2GB RAM is good enough that you get in the price.Cons:1. Really really poor battery. On a daily basis i do whatsap, listen some songs at office, some calls etc. daily i had to charge twice.2. It gets heated very soon..very very soon..2 -3 apps running thats it..Well bottom line in a 9K phone you cant get everything.. so i would say its a worth phone if you are ok with the battery..Amazon delivery is perfect.yuraka plus does not support 3g video call.no option either settings nor from dialpad about video call.Incoming calls does not show when cutout window flipcover.Bengali font or typing does not support on yureka plus.sound camera software are best in my knowledge. No heating problem.lf anybody know about my problem pl informed.I received the phone at an amazing speed from "amaze - on" who continues to amaze me with its fantastic service (5 stars to Amazon) . Coming to Yureka Plus ,Pros1. Very good value for money -  considering K3 note is slightly higher2. Superb Camera3.Full HD display4. Cyanogen Mod OS5. Octacore + 2GB RAMComing to the negatives,1. Heating like an Oven - I am a very average user who doesnt play games . However I felt the phone heating up even during calls , charging and ordinary chores , leave alone graphics intensive games. Some experts do suggest that the heat is not a problem , but I was worried as practically it became difficult to hold (not exaggerating) 2. Awful Battery - My first charge was during the night I bought. Morning it was at 100% , without any activity (calls/Net/ GPS switched off / Low brightness/ Sleep after 15 sec/ Dark static wall paper/Wifi off ) ,by the time I got ready for office (2 hours after plugging out ) it was down to 89%. Then 2 calls about 15 min each during  the first half of the day 75% , Some browsing in 4G and testing Subway surfers for 5 min , went down to 64%.By evening 6:00 PM , it came down to 15% . I was terribly upset and felt this cannot be trusted , particularly when you are on tours or in places where charging facilities are limited.3. In most reviews , they have mentioned that graphics performance is smooth , but in Subway surfer I noticed frame drops and stuttering performance . (maybe due to the heat)4. I live in Chennai , the hot bed of the country , In CPU-Z the base temp itself is 41 deg ! avg around 50 , Min browsing / Gaming > 60 .The 2 negatives forced me to return the product.NEVER BUY YU BRAND PHONESNO SERVICE CENTERSNUMEROUS PROBLEMS YOU CANT EVEN IMAGINE ARE COMMON WITH SUCH PHONESi have bought your Yureka Phone onBut its now dead.. My phone is under warranty..I have tried so many times to call your customer service center.. But they dont give proper response to my complaint..  When phone was in call then After that i faced to battery problem of that phone.. It gets drained automatically.. I complainted many of times as possible.. Now my  phone is dead.. I have purchased it properly manner then why i am facing this type of issues.. Now i am fed up to your service and response to my problem. Your customer representative told me once that our service executive will visit to ur home and solve ur problem.. But nothing will happened..What should i do to this type of service.phone is worst ever i seen.If in some days nothing happened then i am going to complaint in consumer court.I requesting you to give some attention to my problem and solve my issue as early as possible.Ticket Id- 1194137MY PHONE - YUREKA.Hardware issues in phone within 90 days of device purchased.Highlighted: Proximity sensor and Media transfer issues.30.June.2015 - Informed Yureka that I'm facing trouble with my device.1.07.2015 - Yureka: Tech instructions to upgrade to CM12.2.07.2015 - ME: Requested for phone replacement/repair as phone has hardware issues (proximity and usb)19.07.2015 - Yureka: Processed my request & requested me to wait.27.07.2015 - Yureka: Confirmation email from Yureka that my Replacement request is processed. (finally after 27 days)06.08.2015 - Finally after 36 days of email exchange my phone was replaced but the phone was faulty.(Not charging)07.08.2015 - Yureka: Regret email & request to wait.14.08.2015 - Yureka: Still awaiting response from Yureka.45 days still struggling with Yureka customer service.I believe based on the features offered by the phone at the price I believe its a good value for money. Though there are a few short comings, battery drain being the primary, it is still offers most of the features offered by One Plus One.I have been using it for over a month now and am relatively satisfied with all of the features. I have used it internationally as well and the signal reception is good. I am a data guzzler and the LTE has been really impressive. I have used Airtel 4G and the difference is straight away noticeable. There is this strange issue whenever you restart the phone. The setting by default reverts to 2G and even after you change it to LTE, it is shows E on the bars. The hack I found is to make a dummy call (I call 121) and disconnect. It immediately then shows H and after a few sec LTE.Battery as I mentioned before is THE problem and it tends to heat up.Other than that, I am pretty satisfied with the phone.All those who are giving 5 star rating will definitely come down to 1 star after interacting with YU for any kind of service. This is my suggestion to those who are facing problem with YU Care to unite against company to lodge complaint collectively so that message will be loud & clear to other companies who think of cheating Indian customers.using from 4days everything is fine in yureka plus except two things one is company says that offering 13mp but photos are not up to the mark both front & rear camera. Second one is how ever in basic phone there's option called sim contacts to display but where as in these phone no options to display sim contacts in any way.Thanking youThis is a kind of worst products Amazon is selling. This phone is not even a worth of 5K Rs, battery always dying , look wise also cheap. Processing is bit OK , but kind always kind of hang mode. Really pathetic product I ever purchased. If I have to recommend any phone compare to this I would refer go for Moto e but never go for Yu phones.If Amazon sticks to its promise just like it did this time and every other time I ordered a product in the past, then it has got a really bright future ahead. I was so delighted to see the product arrive on time.Now coming to the product: First of all there's no way to identify if its Yureka or Yureka Plus other than the writing on the cover of the box. Second, the battery drains way too fast even when its not being used. I charged the battery to 100% and even though I didn't use it for anything, the charge didn't last even for 48 hours. The phone was in a complete idle state and still the battery didn't last for more than 45 hours. And then there's the heating issue, the battery heats up while playing simple games such as Candy Crush.To sum it up, I am in a dilemma because, Amazon on its part was spot on in delivering the product but now I wish i hadn't bought it without testing it physically in a store.Be careful when you buy this phone. Was under the impression that Micromax would provide after sales support for any issues. but this is not the case. You would get all the support on phone only. Also you would need to be half technicians for all the support activities that you would have to carry out for the instructions that you would get on mail or phone. Also the response is pathetic. My phone got formatted with all the steps suggested and am without any phone for last 2 days, still no support assistance available inspite of all followups. Though the phone seems to be good dont expect after sales service which  is as good as lost money. Better to buy phones who has got physical stores for after sales and service.Adding further to the above update, the call center support staff says that I would have to wait 24 to 48 working hours that means 2-4 days and not 1-2 days that you would presume. Pathetic service.I have used yureka plus alot...Than i found ...1. the phone is heating very much when you use internet or play games2. 3G is not working properly i.e, 3g signals not coming properly ..you cant use internet if you have slow connection3. Look of phone is not good as i had used samsung E5, E7... , micromax a117, even the yu yuphoria is looking more attractive than this.4. If you will reset your phone it will take atleast half an hour to reset5. Rear Camera is not good seems like just 5 or 8 megapixl (biggest issue)6. If you are a person who know much about the phones and if you are habitual to use a good phone without any issue like heating Than this handset is not for you.Rest is good ...It has some good yu themesIts sound quality is very good that i like much about this phoneOverall do not buy it... bcoz there is no service centre and warranty, they are stealing the money of customers.The Phone gets heated even after a minute's use. You don't need to play games for heating. I was just taking photos and it got extremely heated. The heating is in the top portion so you cannot also take calls for that. So I returned the phone and get refund of Rs 8999. Very Good service from Amazon. Got the money refunded to my bank account within 24 hours of return.Best smartphone.1)display 10 on 10. Full HD screen awesome filling.2)touch 10 on 10.very sensitive.3)camera 10 on 10.both camera perform best in day light,in night some quality decreases not much.4)gaming 9 on 10.any game runs with slit lagging.5)sound 10 on 10.speaker as well as headphones sound is clear,loud,and special effect by audio technology hands off.6)download speed is approximately 3mbps on WiFi.7)battery very important 8 on 10.all android lollipop phone has this problem,fully charge battery remains for one day for light use.and if using for gaming 3 hours.8)most important heating 9 on 10.As it has 64 bit processor ,2gb ram and Full HD screen with this high configuration it get slightly heated at top near camera,so problem to handle.this happen only when we play games or HD video for long time.According to me best phone.Yes it does overheat even without too many background apps and yes it is somewhat laggy for an octacore processor with 2 GB DDR3 RAM and yes its camera sucks quite a lot (use third party camera app like Google Camera to significantly increase the quality of pictures being taken which is still worse than my Xperia L's 8 MP cam), also yes it hasn't gotten the Cyanogen OS update to version 12.1 (it may take months more because the developers got their profit and don't really wish to dedicate their precious time and resources for such meagerly priced phones... Otherwise it's a highly customizable (you need to pay for the customizations through themes though :P), utility packed, decent phone, I'd (personally) prefer other vendors though because even Cyanogen has only limited features to offer, go for Asus or Xiaomi or even Honor models... This handset will be more useful after its been rootedI recently bought this device. i been using this over 10 days.. Im too having heating issues,some bugs,bluish tint on flash used photos,etc...Today i came to see a blog about cheating of YU on YUREKA users. definitely they cheat well on us. YUREKA is a rebranded name of COOLPAD F2 4G. check this link ( https://www.google.co.in/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&cd=7&ved=0CDIQFjAGahUKEwjgnJiK4PnHAhUGCI4KHUKCCaU&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.androidos.in%2F2014%2F12%2Fmicromaxs-first-yu-smartphone-rebranded-coolpad-f2-4g%2F&usg=AFQjCNFFqM14a5nZduh0rR1334R2SnoQ5A&sig2=BoDNg7vcvwcZvjtnl_bDBg&cad=rja ). i hope you will understand what YU actually does. These are not manufactured in india, Micromax doesn't manufacture phones, they just re brand it. Don't be too proud, cause India uses Chinese phones and sells them under different names.. If you want a Chinese phone why should buy this one?..Micromax-backed Yu launched its third smartphone in India, called the Yureka Plus. As the name suggests, it is essentially an upgrade for the now-discontinued Yureka. This new smartphone looks identical, boasts much of the same specifications  albeit with a vastly improved display .Design and build quality:----------------------------------There's not a lot to talk about the design of the Yureka Plus. It looks identical to the Yureka. It is a carbon copy from the outside except for the fact that now there's a white version, which looks quite nice. We, though, tested the black model, which looks identical to the older phone.Essentially, i am talking about a polycarbonate body, which has rounded corners and a removable curved back with a rubberised matte finish. It feels nice in the hand and doesn't slip providing a nice grip in the hand.Obviously, as it has a large 5.5-inch screen, one handed usage is not exactly a feasible option for most. Fortunately, the phone has its volume and power buttons on the right that also provide good travel and tactile feedback. The phone also is rather slim at 8.8mm and 155 grams, which certainly helps alleviate any concerns regarding its weight.The white version of the phone certainly looks nice, but we can wager that it'll also get dirty quite quickly in a dusty city like Delhi. We faced similar problems with the white variant of the OnePlus One.# Display Quality------------------------The display is the highlight of the YU Yureka Plus. It is the sole reason for the 'Plus' nomenclature. The phone gets a massive resolution bump. From the 720p panel of the Yureka, the Yureka Plus has a 5.5-inch full HD 1080p IPS display, which is further protected with a layer of Corning's Gorilla Glass 3.This is a very nice display, which is able to reproduce true to life colours, sharp contrast and also offers great viewing angles with minimal colour distortion at extreme angles.The black levels of the screen are also quite good, especially for something that costs less than Rs.10,000. Lastly, we also found the phone to be quite usable under direct sunlight.Corning Gorilla Glass also ensures the phone can resist the odd scratch while you use the phone, though it certainly does not make the phone infallible.The big takeaway out here is that the Yureka Plus now has a screen that can take on some of the best smartphones in the market including the mighty OnePlus One. This also means it is a really good phone for reading, watching videos or playing games and considering the big screen, even making documents on the go.Camera Performance:--------------------------------The Yureka Plus comes with quite a standard camera setup. The rear sensor is a 13-megapixel unit with a flash, while the one on the front has a 5-megapixel sensor, but there's no flash.It is the same as the Yureka and there's no change.The interesting thing is that while there's no change officially, we believe YU has tuned the software even more and the results of the camera are better than that of the Yureka, which in its own right is a fantastic camera phone for the price.It takes some superb photos that offer ample details, good levels of contrast and punchy colours. It is a very good camera in either situation - be it daylight or the night. The phone is also able to achieve a very shallow depth of field effect on macro - close up shots.Importantly, the photos never appear to be soft as the phone nails the levels of sharpness. The camera is also pretty accurate with white balance and metering.In dim lighting, admittedly noise creeps in and the photos tend to me grainy, however, mostly the results are usable, which is saying a lot for a phone that costs Rs.8,999.The front camera is also quite good. It captures a lot of detail and importantly thanks to the wide angle lens manages to capture multiple subjects. The camera also comes in handy for some good quality video calls.The phone is capable of shooting good quality 1080p video. Largely, it takes stable videos, but the quality of the audio can be problematic in certain situations. This is true mostly of loud environments like nightclubs.Battery Life-----------------The 2,500mAh battery largely offers similar performance than that of the older Yureka. This means the phone will in most cases easily last you a full day with medium to heavy usage. On an average, the phone lasted us around 14-16 hours, that too on a 4G network and with a higher resolution screen. This was impressive.In daily use, we normally make around 2 hours of phone calls, browse the web for around 30-40 minutes and take around 15-20 photographs on a daily basis. We also have two social network and email accounts constantly pings along with WhatsApp. While commuting we also use Google Music for streaming audio and YouTube for videos. We also played games like Asphalt 8 and Dead Trigger 2 for an hour at least on a daily basis while testing the phone.The battery life should be good for most people, but in the case you are looking at heavier usage Xiaomi's Redmi Note will offer better battery life.Software and hardware Performance----------------------------------------------------Back in December, the YU Yureka was the best performing smartphone that money could buy. The Yureka Plus remains a very fast phone for the price, but calling it the fastest smartphone in the price segment would be pushing it.The phone retains the same processing package - The Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 octa-core processor, 2GB RAM and 16GB of internal storage. There is about 12.32 GB of user available storage, but if that's an issue, the phone also has a microSD card slot, which can be used to expand the memory further.You'd believe that the same processing package would offer the same type of performance. However, there's a big change. The same hardware now needs to drive a higher resolution display; hence the GPU is driving more pixels.This certainly leads to a slightly diminished user experience in terms of pure speed. The animations switch at a slightly slower rate and apps also take slightly longer to switch when compared to the original Yureka. That said, this is not a crippling difference and most people will be unable to make out the difference unless of course both the phones are side by side.The only major difference was in the lockscreen. Whenever the lockscreen was loaded with a lot of notifications, we found it opened slowly.Multitasking remains good and we were able to have around 10-15 apps open at the same time without any performance hassles.Gaming remains good, though now frame rate drops are more evident on games like Dead Trigger 2. Nevertheless, games look nice thanks to the higher resolution display. Importantly, the phone also doesn't get warm especially while playing games like Asphalt 8.Call quality on the Yureka Plus was rather trouble free. Yes, we did face the odd dropped call, but that's probably more to do with the congested network than anything else. On the Airtel 4G network in Delhi NCR we also managed to enjoy 4G speeds in select areas. Like its predecessor, the Yureka Plus is also a dual-SIM smartphone.The speaker on the Yureka Plus is not great but still good. We advice avoiding it for conference calls and certainly if you intend to blast heavy metal.Is it worth buying for 8999 INR---------------------------------------------With the Yureka Plus, YU has successfully managed to cover the Yureka's biggest flaw. Its display. However, at the same time, the phone loses a bit of the fluidity of performance the Yureka was known for. Now, with the competition charging in we just can't call it the best phone under Rs.10,000.It remains one of the best phones you can buy for less than Rs.10,000. It will particularly appeal to people who are looking for stock Android like experience and a good camera.AND ONE LAST THING--------------------------------------Don't forget to hit the YES button if you like my review :)-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------Product is OK.Cons - 1) Severe heating issue. After lots of tweaking managed to improve but still heating is there will calling or using internet. also even on charging. 2) Battery - Takes lot of time for charging & drains very fast. Used internet for 1 hour and battery almost drained out from 100 to 20%.3) Average Camera - Need online apps to improve the camera output. I have lumia 730, with only 6.7 Megapixel camera but it has better clarity & feature when compared to Yureka. 4) Speakers - Too bad, very low output. 5) CM12 - No extra feature, even root explorer for ES cannot enable it.Pros - 1) Great display - (one of the reason that battery drains faster). 2) Great Sound only when headphones are used not speakers. 3) light weightThats it, i dont feel it more than that. if given chance i will happily replace with other mobile.hai guys,i bought on 12.8.15 yureka plus mobile in amazon flash sale.Pls.don't buy this phone. it hangs and i have to frequently reboot it. it gets heated so much that you can't hold the phone to your ear.Dialer stops working,battery drains in half a day after a full night's charge,even whatsapp stops while browsing.i heard so much about the cyanogen os but it's just hype.I tried calling their customercare but their contact number pre loaded in the phone is not working.i called micromax customercare but they are giving the same contact number.I sent a mail for which till date no response from the company.my request to amazon is pls don't sell this phone and spoil your reputation.These yuvi televentures i think is a fly by night operation.Their after sales service is pathetic.Guys be warned and think twice before you buy this handset.Display too big to handle for me as well as for the hardware inside. 2GB DDR3 is not enough for this phone and the way it uses its resources. I played Asphalt8 and it started hanging up after 1 race. Its good for browsing, watching movies, still photography, music and of-course calling.Not for Gaming or sports & low light Photography. The Battery is the worst part of it. Heavy software and heavy hardware requires a heavy battery but this phone is very low on battery. As the cost is less may be the manufacturer expects to maintain a power bank with the remaining amount :).I used it for a month the battery seems to be improving but it cant be trusted. Heating issue is gradually settling down. Asus is offering better phones for 9k. Lenovo has bigger battery but no phone has all features in it for 9k. It is still a compromise, nothing so exciting about it.This product is not worth. All the descriptions are right but the performance is too low. I was using Micromax Canvas HD before this and at any given day it will still beat Yureka Plus. This phone heats up in no time. Battery back up is too low. In all very bad product. Will not recommend to anyone.Thanks,I Hate this product.It starts heating after 10 min. of normal use.Battery Drains very fast.It takes more then 4 hour to charge 100% and battery Drains in 2.5 hours of good use (watching movies with downloading).But if anyone wants to save his money on gas then he can prepare Roti on it.Got it yesterdayProsThe screen is nice and sharpApps open without lag...(had lag on initial boot afterwards seems fine)Front camera is goodTwo consBattery just cant keep up with the spec(expected I guess)The phone does get warm and hot during gamingWill update more after regular usageUPDATE after TWO days of usage:Look and feel:Handsdown best ultralight weight and a pleasure to use youll love itScreen:My fingers feel like gliding when typing its a damn good screen sharp and clean and real niceApps and performance:All apps run smooth you don't have to worry about this,but still heating is there for gamingCyanogen makes it worth:The cyanogen os  really allows you to make the phone unique I am still not done expermenting!!(and youll get next android update for sure in cyanogen also cool!!android m!!)Camera:The front cam is good!!!! yes selfie storm happend!!Back cam honestly feels normal,takes nice shots and night time shots isn't that bad eitherBattery:Here's where bad parts are. I really can only get around 6 to  7 hours with one sim WiFi on always and streaming internet radio for 2 hrs and occasional asphalt nova and clash of clansI leave you to decide on this... may be a software update is required or just capacity Is not enough I really don't know..Verdict:Expect for battery yureka+delivers in every way look feel performance and custmization optionsIf you are OK with charging twice in a day but need everything else go for it won't dissapointBefore buying this product read yu yureka mobile riviews.customer satisfaction 1% out of 100.Yu yureka does not have any phone service centre.if you will get any mobile problem they will take at least 15 days.they replaces used mobiles only.99% mobiles faceing phone dead issues.no 1 online site(amazon)how they promote this kind of worth less and quality less phones.yu yu reka using micromax brand name for increasing sales but micromax never take up yu yureka problem mobiles.don't buy yu yureka mobiles and don't loss your valuable money.just imagine without mobile service center how you think to buy yu yureka mobiles.II am very disappointed by yu yu reka mobile.I would like to explain my story about yu yu reka.Jan22nd -2015 I bought yu yureka mobile starting onwards this mobile has been hanging .OK leave it that.Aug 31 my phone power was dead so immediately I went to micromax service centre that that rejected to see my yu yu reka mobile.they said yu yureka is not our company.SEP 1st I called up to customer care center they have given 48 hours time to take give solution but after 8days technical persons responded and asked the questions.11 the day I got used replaced mobile.OK I am happy finally I got device.then I have inserted my sims .that phone not recognizing sims net work.that mobile has hardware problem mobile.once again I raised compliant.when should I get my mobile I don't know.yu yu reka never gives new mobile replacement.company gives only other customer used mobiles only.yu yureka circulating customer repair mobiles one and each other only.my two compliant numbers are 1294780and 1338757.Customer Care executives are also can not help to customers.they can hear your pain only.I want to wait few days then  will go to consumer forum.Ok. This is a crap phone ! !. There is no other way to describe this misfortune of technology.I had only two problems with this phone.A. The phone heats up like crazy.  Under normal use when the screen is on and you are surfing the net etc..the portion just besides the rear camera goes up to like 50-60 Degrees...and if you continue using then the top part of the touch screen on the front of the phone too becomes hot.B. The first problem leads to the second problem, which is the dramatic depletion of battery. The level goes from 98% to 50% in about 3 hours with only one sim (with 3G) active. The decline is faster if you are actually using the phone for WA or anything else.I had the phone for only one day. That was enough. I returned it promptly and got the refund. I thought this would be an isolated case but again a week later I came to know of my colleague who is having the same experience with this phone which he purchased for his wife. He was unlucky as he could not return it to Amazon.One word of advice. KEEP AWAY ! ! !I read a lot of feedback from the earlier purchasers of this phone, in several forums including this site.  There were two main concerns/negatives expressed by the users -- heating up of the phone and the consequent slowing down in the performance; poor battery usage time ("backup time").  Overlooking these feedbacks, I went ahead and bought the phone.I would like to give the following feedback with respect to these two stated negatives.  I do not play games with my phone; however, I have been using the phone extensively since its arrival on 11th Aug in the afternoon.  I can say for sure, heating is by no scale on the higher side. I have tested this with WiFi as well as 4G.  I have been using the phone almost non-stop on the 11th and 12th Aug.The battery usage time is far from satisfactory.  I have not been playing Music or Video but merely checking mails, installing, configuring and using apps (especially Facebook, Whatsapp, etc).  The phone requires a mid-day charging apart from a full charging in the night.  I have even installed an app to turn off Mobile Data [which does not seem to be possible with the Android 5's inbuilt applets any more (please correct me if I am wrong)].  I keep killing unused apps running in the background.  The battery is clearly under sized.  This is going to a worrying factor for me for ever.18.08.2015:  Have been using the phone for a week.  Already having a major worry on hand.  First, the much degraded Contacts and Call Dialer and History applications and then the Synchronization of Contacts with Microsoft Exchange.  This is what Change for the sake Change leads to.  There has been a lot of change in the interface of these applications for the worse.  Things are not as straight forward as in Samsung Galaxy Note (Note 1) (Android 4.1.2).  The ease of use of these apps are gone -- thanks to Android 5.0.2 or Cyanogen O.S.?E.g. The Call History does not show the call date and time.  It says one hour ago, 2 days ago and so on.  Have not had a chance to cross-check this behaviour on a non-Cyanogen Android 5.0.2 phone yet.Synchronization of Contacts with Microsoft Exchange account:  I have 646 contacts in Microsoft Exchange.  Initially the phone showed about 640 contacts for this account.  After a thorough comparison, I found that certain contacts which are duplicates in nature (name and some phone numbers being the same) got merged into a single contact in the phone (with the linking feature). I was able to delink them if needed.  The worrying part was that the changes that I make to the Contacts in Exchange were not getting pushed to the phone after the initial first time sync.  I need to again and again remove the Exchange account in the phone and add it again.  I never faced this problem with Android 4.1.2 in my Samsung Galaxy Note phone.  This is a disaster for me. I have not tried this out for the GMail account.  Relying on my Exchange account, I had deleted the all the contacts in my GMail account (rather Google account) after making sure that all the contacts that I needed from my Google account were present in my Exchange account.  The idea was to have a single source for Contacts.Is there a way to drop Cyanogen OS from this phone to try out vannila Android 5.0.2 (just to rule out the possibility that the Cyanogen layer is not contributing to this Synchronization issue.  I would like to add that I did not notice any abnormal behaviour so far with the synchronization of mails.I also notice quite a few good things of Android 4.1.2 missing in this phone (e.g. the way one used to edit/reorganize desktop pages).  A lot of nifty things have been dispensed with in the name of improvement and innovation.  When you upgrade Android 4.1.2 to 5.0.2, you would naturally expect to retain all the goods things of the former; not any more.  As of now, I do not know which one to blame -- Android or Cyanogen.I have also been facing the issue of one of the two parties to a call losing the audio in the midst of a call; this happens often.  It looks like the phone offers a lot of things but not the basic ability to provide uninterrupted line.  I also experienced call droppings.  Also certain soft buttons have been placed in the top one-third of the screen and it is easy for the ear to press one of them when the proximity sensor does not function properly.  The result of this is that the Call gets on Hold accidentally, often.YU Yureka Plus on Android (Moondust Grey)Using this device almost for last 1 month, performance, design all are fine. One thing really create a hitch that "transferring of SIM Card Contacts to Phone Memory". I had to download the app from Google Play, then it could happen.Further, as people mentioned heating issue in their reviews, I was also afraid before buying this, but if you really know how to handle an Android, there is NO Heating issue at all. Liked this phone. Real Value for Money Till Date.I appreciate AMAZON Too, for managing the overall delivery. Previously, 3 months back, I received a defective handset delivery (My other Online order placed then), but the way they immediately taken action, and without any fuss resolved it in just 3-5 days. It was my first experience with Amazon, but was really great.Thanks.DON'T BUY THIS PHONE....it has a good camera... has good sound quality on speaker and earphones too... feel is good and touch is good but these things couldn't win in front  of its negative aspects ...and they are...IT GETS VERY VERY HOT AT TIMES - ABNORMALLY HOTTHE BATTERY DRAINS LIKE ANYTHING WITHOUT ANY MAJOR USE... EVEN WEN IT IS KEPT IDLE WITH NO WIFI THE BATTERY IS CONTINUOUSLY DEPLETING FOR NO REASON...ITS NORMAL CHARGING TIME IS LIKE 5-6 HOURS... AND THAT'S VERY HIGH... AND IN THAT ALSO IT DOESN'T GET CHARGED COMPLETELY..I WAS FACING PROBLEMS IN WATCHING VIDEOS ON YOUTUBE AS THEY USE TO HANG A LOT...IT HAS SOME GOOD POINTS BUT IF YOU HAVE A PHONE WITH SUCH A WORST BATTERY LIFE AND CHARGING ISSUES THEN THOSE MERITS ARE POINT LESS...WAS LUCKY THAT THESE PROBLEMS SURFACED IN 5-6 DAYS OF USING IT... SO RETURNED IT BACK...JUST DONT BUYEveryone thinks that all that's sold in a flash sale is great buy and much cheaper (in terms of cost) than it's rivals (with similar specs). But it's not true.In case of electronic item (especially mobile) every specification can't be compared with it's rival until you compare it side by side physically. On papers (or online) there's no standard way to display specifications so that two items can be compared. And Yureka (or Yureka plus) seems to win the battle with it's rivals (Lenovo K3 note & others). But I even say that it fails in front of its own Yuphoria when you compare them physically.Yureka (or Yureka plus) don't have Magnetic Sensor (or e-Compass). That's the only reason I say even Yuphoria wins with Yureka plus. It's astonishing to know that a mobile these days in this price range doesn't have such a vital & useful sensor.Please guys don't buy yu products...Display got breaked jst 4-5 feet drop worst there is no service center you have to go online for a minor issue with lots of terms & condition...I am not suggesting yu phones to anyone..I am verified usr please chk my name on verified userYureka plus is ultimate phone at this range. The built quality is very nyc. Look vice is also good. configration of hardwer is also good in this rang.I m giving it a 4 star bcz it comes with some minor bugs. Bt dnt worry of that,there r solution available for all d bugs. See videos on you tube for solving d issus.The most common issue is heating issue bt the solution is on the youtube. Jst search " how to reduce heating prblm in yureka plus" u got the solution for that.Its never lag while playing a heavy games.its run smoothly.camera clearity is awesome as comper to lenovo k3 note.K3 note lag while playing heavy games.So buyer's dnt so panic buy this phone insted of k3 note.And if u hve a knowledge of rooting so after rooting this phone it is ultimate for using this phone.Excellent!! Yes this is the word for this phone!! The thing i like most in this phone is its sooo nice display...its just awesome!! I was so confused when i saw reviews of so many people calling it a heater...and also battery drainer...but the thing is if u review urself den only u will understand what a beautiful piece it is...yeah i agree that heats...but it is negligible...i do play games but not high graphic games...and about battery drainage issue...my device gives me backup of 1 complete day on moderate usage and thats enough for me...so i will suggest this phone only to those ppl who has moderate use...who want to have beautiful device...yeahh device looks awesome...good built...who usually plays very high graphic games...sorry this phone is not for you..plz gamers dont purchase this phone...cz after purchasing u will only write negative points and more specifically u will point only two things...heats a lot and battery drainage issue...!!writing this after using this phone after 15 months (LOL)The best thing about this phone is it's cameraGood pointsBest CAMERA i've used under 12k price tag, Quality is improved by using *PRATHAMESH*'s camera mod.Decent CPU, better with custom kernel i've scorred 46000 om AnTuTufastand best thing is that you can do whatever you want with this phone, so people who knows what's rooting and flashing custom ROMs are happy with this phone.battery gives 5-6hr SOT with custom kernel with little bit gamingBad pointsWorst ever service. service is improved after opening service centersSmall battery comparing with todays redmi note 3Small speaker volumethere were lots of bugs in COS 12.1 ( i'm using RR so i face no bugs)In one lineBuy it if you know whats rooting and allrest it's up to you.In addition to the heating & battery drainage issues I am facing some irritable problems with my YuYureka+ having android lollipop n cm12:-1. Huge lag while dialing2. During an ongoing call if accidentally the add call button gets pressed the person on the other side cannot hear me but the call is not put on hold.3. After moving pictures from internal storage to SD card what's app crashes while accessing them.4. Screen rotation sometimes freezes only rebooting the device solves the issue.5. When I switch sim cards for internet a reboot is must or there is no net connectivity.How can I cope up with so many problems of a newly bought device. I have never faced such issues with any other smart phone.Please provide an earliest solution to these problems.I had bought a Yureka earlier and this is my second Yu phone. I chose this after finding out, it's the best phone out there in this price range. But I was a bit saddened by some changes made to Yureka. First the buttons for volume and power are not good in Yureka Plus. You need to press it harder whereas this was not the case with Yureka. Second, it still has the old version of cyanogen mod which has poor visible performance which can be seen while unlocking the phone. And I don't know when I am going to receive the update from cyanogen. Third it has been said everywhere that the screen resolution of Yureka Plus is much better than Yureka but I hardly see any difference. In fact I like Yureka's more than the plus. Fourth, the speaker volume is still very low compared to other contemporary phones. The same problem is with Yureka.Actually overall its a good phone with good camera,powerful processor and a superb display.The biggest disadvantage is heating.it heats up while playing game(and therefore lags), and even while surfing and taking photos.You can't do anything if it heats up .So not at all happy with  this phone.Very bad phone lot of problems.do not see its specification its hardware is very bad camera not good ,heating of phone up to 53 degree,battery drain very fast and its customers care always give you one solution for these problem go for factory reset ,so my suggestion do not buy such bad product1. Fabulous product. Very competitive hardware at a great Price point. Excellent camera and software.2. Heating problem, battery drain's too quickly.3. Let down by extremely poor support. No service centres locally and u don't get called back even after several calls and emails.It's a very bad experience cell phone I ever had till today since it gets heat up while charging, playing normal game and Even while speaking over the call. Moreover, it's battery drain like anything even in stand by state. Finally, it also has lagging issue. That's y I'm going for return.Thanks of amazon for refund... With in 2 min panel heats up... Den think inside how much heat will be generated... Cant play coc for even 5 min... And also battery backup is not good... Even while browsing its start heating up...Only half screen heats like the hell... First day battery was not heatng... Bt frm 2nd day itself battery starts to share its heat of processor... And also camera is not wat dey say... My front cam was may be 3.2mp... It was said 5mpmobile start heating slowly with out opening any thing... I didnt even try to browse through crome which need more ram.. I jus used opera... And i even do any multi tasking... And also when u open ur wifi den share any thing via wifi it heats like the hell...At last dont buy this phone... This is my 5 days of experience... Dont jus buy itDisplay: gorgeous color reproduction and Full HD. : 5 StarPerformance : processor is ok but GPU is not capable of handling Full HD easily so glitches here and there. 4 starBattery : takes 6 hours to charge and 4 hours to discharge. You need to carry power bank with you. Totally unacceptable : 0 starCamera: not good for details, quite blurry, increasing mega pixel doesn't work unless you have good censor. 2 StarBuild Quality : Flimsy, not sturdy quite cheap compare to Moto G which feels like a rock compare to this. 2 starOS : i like stock android an Cyano is very close to it and sometimes better, reason why i bought it. 5 Staroverall (5+4+0+2+2+5)/6 = 3 star.Though i got good discounts so add half star more 3.5 it should be.Should i recommend it?Off course if you can't purchase anything above 10k.I am writing this review after 6 months of usage, I do NOT recommended this phone, it damn over heats and goes till 52 degrees within few seconds of opening multiple apps, it Hangs and the apps rake hell lot of time to launch, when u launch camera for recording it just reboots, you CANNOT do multi tasking for ex. If I am playing music and wanted to do multi tasking usually many phones play the music at background this phone CLOSES MUSIC and then lets do you other tasks.  I have another phone Redmi as soon as their were reports of over heating MI released a patch to fix it, whereas YU hasn't released any patch to fix this nor is releasing any patch to fix the other issues. On 10 if I had to rate this phone it will be 2 out of 10....very bad experience and now the phone heats up to 72 degrees within few min.Delivery was good. But the piece i got had multiple issues. Camera is upposed to be 13MP but does not have that clarity. All the pictures would come in Violet color whenever i used Flash. No Ear phone works for this piece. Ring volume or output volume is so damn low. Charger is faulty. Phone get very hot when put to charging using this charger.As we all know there is no service center for YU in Hyderabad. So i called their service center in gurgaon and also wrote a detailed mail to them listing out all the issues. They replied and asked me to do some setting. But they were of no use, so, I replied back. That's it !! No reply from their side again !! I requested for a replacement. No one Replies !!!!YU HAS THE WORST CUSTOMER CARE SERVICES I HAVE EVER SEEN !!!!Dont BUY THIS PHONE !!Yu Yuphoria is a far better product..This is also an excellent product except for battery life and frequent dialer crashes..If the cyanogenmod is replaced, it would be far far betterLight weight.Good ear phonesFree screen guardCamera won't be a as good as on Samsung phones, even if it is 13 MP and shutter speed is not that instantHad not slowed down till now5.5 inches gorilla corning glass screenThe best part is the pricing, I got it for 8999, throw away price.Adjusting settings like double tap to wake up and touching home screen to wake up etc improved battery life so much.Screen and touch related features to be disabled maximum to save battery, as those are two what eats battery.Don't know what happens next... quality too is fine, but things depend on how the parts are assembled.Phone is having very much laging, and It doesn't met my expectations. And also have some bugs in software. And the phone is restarting frequently. Don't know why.  The phone is having octa-core, but giving the perfomance of dual core. Giving only one star. Very much dissatisfied.The most awaited phone (Yureka Plus) by Yu is one of the worst phone that I have used. The software and hardware that it offers is only on papers. I have been using this from last two months but the performance has deteriorated each day. The following are the problems that I have encountered so far:1) Phone that boasts premium hardware hangs like hell.2) Heats up like fire3) Restarts when using heavy apps4) Poor voice quality when speaking on phone (Opposite party can not hear my voice and their voice is being echoed)5) Not worth the price6) Customer service is horrendous and poor (MD of YU, do not try to take everything online, you can not serve customers virtually)I am highly dissatisfied and will not recommend this phone to anyone.The phone stop working when I tried to downgrade its software version after 15 day from buying.(software upgrade or downgrade is under warranty in YU).I discussed with YU support team. They told me to send picture. After seeing the picture, YU support person told me that it damaged from inside & its out of warranty now. You have to pay Rs. 3000.I was sure that my phone have not dropped, so I try with YU service center in Hudson lane Delhi.Service center person told me that it damaged from inside & its out of warranty now. You have to pay Rs. 4300.After this I Upgrade phone to its original software version. It start working.Now I am surprised about the knowledge level of YU support team & service center. OR their intention was to loot of my money.Nice move by yu ..I would like to write about what are the improvements of yu yureka plus over yureka...Pros:-1. As you all know the display resolution increased from 265ppi to 401ppi2.gaming & performance little optimized well..3.Improved Sony sensor in camera..so that picture comes clear and natural & low light picturing is also improved.4.Although the design is symmetrical build quality is litte better..5.Battery is optimized well by cyanogen so that it can give same back up as that of yureka (even for full HD screen)6.chargering is faster because of 1.5amp fast charger compared to 1amp charger of yureka...7.It also heats like yureka ,but not that extent..(max. Upto 45-48 degree)Cons:-Battery is little less & heating is little more compared to k3 note...Mobile features is very good but getting lot of issue like heating prob and also this mobile get hang not able able to make call becuz getting error "unfortunately dialer has stop". same error facing in other apps to.don't buy this mobile.attached screen shotDon't make a mistake of buying this phone... Instd of this purchase a xiaomi phn which will cost u some what less but features wise it's more than double. No call recorder support phone heats so much that u can roast papad on it... I had literally wasted my 9k bucks on this phnI don't know why people are saying that Yureka Plus is not a good mobile, but after analyzing all the features and hardware configuration I felt that this is really one of the best mobile within 10K range.Some people thinks that these points are problem but actually not:1. Heating is not a problem it also happens with human beings. More heating because of a great performance.Great performance in the sense that while playing large games it will not stuck at all.2. Charging very slowly:- This is also not a problem, It will take approx. 10-15 cycles of charging at starting to make battery charging in normal and better in future.There are so many misconceptions.Trust me if you are planning to buy this then buy this, this is really a mindblowing phone.Hi Guys, i am using yureka plus from 1 week. here is my Review:Pros:1) Build quality is good.2) Camera quality is good(Both front and rear), not excellent.3) 2GB ram in this 500MB is dedicated to OS and 500-700MB is dedicated to apps, remaining 800-1kMB is available for us.4) 16GB ROM in this around 11GB is available for us.Cons:1) For full charge it takes around 4 hours, and mobile heats up while charging.2) If you use 3G or gaming the full battery lost for 3 hours.3) Without browsing and gaming the full battery will lost for 12-15 hours.4) This mobile not having complete features of cyanogen OS, which are present in One plus One mobile.5) Major issue is heating problem, Heating wise this phone is almost near to Mi phones.Overall good, but better to go for mi.Looking at the phone advertisements and reviews I thought to buy this phone. The fitst thing is after ordering I got cell after one week, by delivery issue Flipkart is good..2nd thing is nothing special in this phone..I used Micromax nito 311. This yureka is copy of nitro 311.. I didnt find anything difference expect heating issue..this phone is Micromax nitro 311 but only they changed the name as yureka plus..Dear all buyers my sincere request is plz dnt buy this dont waste ur money..i already returned this waste product..Very important thing is-If u buy this yureka, u no need to buy an iron box..that much heats.Advantage of this phone is- after continuous use of 5min u can iron ur clothes..Thank u for reading my review.. Hope it wil helps u guys..This definitely a flagship killer. I got 3 of this. This phone ships with lollipop. Well this do chimes with few bugs. Namely, display goes off when making and receiving calls. This isn't a deal breaker. It's just a proximity sensor issue. You can try following steps to resolve this issue:1. The first thing is you need to open the Proximity calibration option. For that open the dialer that you make a call on your mobile.2. Then, dial *#*#7769#*#*.You will get the menu to calibrate.3. Tap on the START button.4.Then you need to wait for few seconds till it says the Calibration Good in green color.5.Then Tap on the EXIT button to close the menu.N last step... Njoy this beast.;)EXCESS HEATING:mob gets heated upto 60c wen u play games.. Or when v restart nd opens gallery.... Media server uses more cpu speed...BATTERY DRAIN:This was the major prblm too...  Battry even drains though wen mob z idle.. Approx jus 5hrs bttry backup though its 2500mah... Nd takes 4hrs to get charged, cmpltly 100% .. Sure a moderate student user must carry a power bank atleat 10400mah... Nd if nly fr incmng nd outgng cals.. Person shud search fr a plug point at d end of d day... If nly fr cals no one will buy this much cost mobile.. They may buy 1k mob.......FINALLY MY SUGGESTION Z: Bettr dont waste ur tym n money on dis... Better go fr PANASONIC ELUGA ICON OR MOTO G3 rather dan dis... If not... U will surely get DISAPPOINTEDI am a fully satisfied Amazon customer for the YU Yureka Plus mobile phone. This phone runs on Android Lollipop 5.0.2 and the Cyanogen OS makes it look even better. Let me give a gist of Advantages and Dis-advantages of this product.Advantages1] Exceptional look and feel2] UI is fantastic3] Music is fantabulous with the assistance from inbuilt equalizer4] Good Battery Backup, works all day long5] No lags whatsoever, as the OctaCore OS takes utmost care of the same.Disadvantages1] Battery should have been boosted up from 2500mAH to 3000 or 4000mAH; but at this price it's better.2] Some users might feel the operation or UI a bit slower, but it's still acceptable as no lags or hangs are at bay.As per the specification the phone has great features. It is also the best phone in that price range. 5.5 inch display has good resolution and back cover has good texture for better holding. The phone has cyanogen os which is highly customizable. Other reviews mentions about the device getting heated up, but its not so true. The heating is common like any other phone. On the negative side its only the camera, which is not so good as it has been projected by the manufacturer. The pictures taken has bluish tinge. It should have had a better processor, you can feel the lag sometimes. This cannot be the drawback as the price cannot be compromised looking for high end features. Overall the phone is good if you like the freedom of customizing it to your own way.Only positive thing is received on time from Amazon.received the phone 1 hour back surprised to see the phone get too hot in 2 minutes after power on.phone get heated very bad during Android updates.Camera poor blue shade. all white colours seems to be sky blue(light blue shade)resolution doesn't give feel of 13MP, so this phone is not for Photo lovers.display averagethought of rechecking heating problems so restarted phone still i found nominal heating even phone not in use.we can feel minor heat on screen top half even for 3-4 min voice callinginternet speed is good compared to samsung S3, but too much heating that you cannot use for calling during internet use.streaming quality is good.smooth & silky touch screeni have returned the product.Battery is taking more than 2 hours to charge..Phone starts heating in a few mins of gaming(clash of clans,Tap the Frog,Temple Run).Apps crashes frequently.Still no update or fix on firmware .After using for 1 month, I ll give the product 1 star.Avoid this product.The Issues I faced :- Severe heating problem while charging the device - temperature reaches 60 degree C- After 15 mins of Gaming (temple run) temperature shoots to 55-60 CYureka has been very unhelpful with this.Called them more than 5 times and each time they gave a solution which didn't work.Even flashed the device as they said - but it failed to resolve the issue.Final solution given by them was to wait for an update. When will the update come - they don't knowThe tone of the customer support was full of arrogance and didn't look as if she was keen to resolve - Very UNPROFESSIONALFinal word - A piece of crap being sold under the name of a F L A G S H I P phone#ShittiestPhoneEverUpdate: YU has agreed to replace the phone as of nowtotal waste of money. . im a user of samsung galaxy grand 2 since last 1year, it has 280ppi and 8 mpix rear and 2600 mah battery... but after using yureka plus for 12 hours i realised that it 401ppi is not upto the level of grand 2's 280ppi...all image is blurred.. yureka plus 13 mpix is less than grand 2's 8 pix... and one more issue is heating effect... it heats upto 50 degree celcius after using 5min game or 3g internet...battery drains very quickly... used 1sim in 3g but battery lasts 3hours on 3g inetrnet using...return after 12 hours... if u r an user of samsung grand 2 then dont buy this it doesnt meet ur expectation... but amazon service is superb,amazon service and customer service is toooooo good.... the one star is only for amazon....Its an awesome phone for this price, also with 4G LTE and FULL HD (1080x1920) screen it makes even better. However I faced delivery problems. I ordered it to  be delivered by the next day with 99/- extra charge but they delivered after a week, quite ridiculous. And yes the product has got a very good camera, low lighting photographs are better, and also it heats upto 75 Degree Centigrades, can't help, its the motherboard, nobody can help it.Light games run almost okay, but big games like Asphalt 8, Ravensword lags after a period of time, looks like the CPU is getting heated too badly to handle high-end games. Day to day tasks are well conducted. Lockscreen lags, can't change lockscreen to other 3rd party ones. Themes are awsome.Third grade productOver a dozen issues i can't even writeHeating like frying pan, bugs, basis games hangs what is the use of quad core core snapgradon processor.No software optimsation ,battery drains like hell even with moderate usage . WtfThis phone is just Awesome don't know why people are talking s*** about this phone i have now used this phone for over a month now and i haven't faced any problems yet.The build quality is Brilliant the back cover of phone feels nice to touch.The Display is crisp and sharp the camera quality for me is quite good the selfies also come out to be great.The battery lasts for a day after full charging.For those complaining about the loudness of the speaker i feel the loudness of speaker is just fine.Performance is awesome and gaming is awesome too although phone gets heated a little bit but not that much that you can't even handle the phone.Based on the price i feel its best phone available right now and i feel its better than Lenovo K3 Note.i am having service issue ,i registered complaint with yu playgod ,complaint no 1324684 ,my display had a black spot on the top during charging of mobile ,they asked me to pay 2999/- for replacement of screen, they just see the image of mobile and come to conclusion that display is broken by pressing or by mishandling of set. they are neither physically examining the set nor they are picking the set as mentioned in their service warranty.. my city is in their pickup condition still they are insisting me to pay for damaged display. i am ready to pay only after they physically examine the set or give me reply and estimate of repairing .of my complaint .my view buy yureka product only after they provide service centre in your cityAs usual like yu yureka, yu yureka plus is also having the same annoying problems.In call screen off: may be next OTA software update fix this, but it will be like firing bullet on the spaceHeating problem: handset heats up during charging and charge stuck to 99%.Battery drainage: battery is draining very quick.I dont know whether i got a defective piece or the whole stock is having the same issue. But i have decided to return the handset. Since amazon yu products doesnot return money, so ill buy the same handset in the next exclusive sell! I hope i ll get a good working piece.Anyway the only good experience was the delivery time. Amazon delivered within 24 hours! It was really great.The screen goes blank (no light) while incoming and outgoing calls. I heard a similar defect with YUREKA. The company went for Yureka PLUS  production without solving the Yureka issue. Also the complimentary scratch guard given is of low quality.DO NOT BUYit didn't even pass 12 hours before it started giving problems and when after 5/7 calls with customer care it get to some use one more problem arise and now the screen is gone, problem after problem. not recommended to any one else, go for different brand.this is to tell uh that most of the user had said that the phone is not worth buying....this is absolutely wrong....if u compare k3 note with yureka plus i agree that k3 note is quite fast than yureka but  it also heats up and wnhem uh are playing heavy games like asphalt 8 ,gta.. after sometimes it start lagging....but yureka does not...both of them heats up....but the fact is the camera quality of yureka is far far better than k3 note...and the build quality is also good....most important thing is it comes with a branded tempered glass ie gorilla glass 3....heating problem can be avoided by small tricks or by yu software(check on net)...overall its gud...till now i dint even came across any such issues...i m a moderate user.....not much to tell about this phone ,but it cannot compete with the latest companies who are holding the market like Samsung , Apple ,1. 5.5 inch screen is bigger , need to use two hands to operate, light in weight2. mobile gets heated up after playing some game for 5 min3. battery is a big constraints , if you are travelling then you need one more phone size device (i.e : power bank)4. after SW update , there are some bugs , like screen will not get lock although you have enabled the lock feature., now my phone is not locked at all ,To Yu team before release the SW update just do the Validation/verification in all means, in robust conditions .-display is good-slim light weightThe display is amazing. the UI is amazing. The look and feel is amazing. But the phone started to heat up just after the first boot. The top part is becoming sooo hot that you can't even place it close to your ear. I think this is happening with all the good specs devices in this price range. Ultimately I returned the piece to Amazon. My suggestion is that if your usage is general, restricted to mails, messaging and calls, try out the phones with not so good specs. But if you want great RAM and processor, don't pick them up in this price range. Go for high-end flagships. And the shocking thing is I heard a couple of One Plus Two users complaining about heat. Anyways, Yureka PLus is not something one can use. Super Heating !!!Since this is YU 2nd product after hugely popular and success yu yureka, it has improved in display and cameraThe display is now 1080p full HD and surely looks nice and beautiful. Viewing angles are great colors are natural n sharp.The new camera sensor is Sony Imx 214 which is pretty nice and takes descent images but not that greatWith yureka plus they have managed to fix the heating issues considerably. Now it gets warm but not hot or doesn't feel uncomfortable like yureka.Software wise there are still some issues and can hope to be fixed with updatesThe pricing is sweet and you can't find better speced product than this one at 9k.Dear Friends.... Don't buy this mobile........The worst mobile ever I used.......1). Battery charging - take more than 5hrs from 8% to 100%2). Battery Drain - 3hrs(3g on) 6.4hrs(wifi on)3). Heating - wow it's an amazing handy stove you can cook on the phone whenever you need just use phone for 6mins and it will be 67 degree Celsius.4). Camera - rear cam 13mp - lacks of so much detail, front cam - 5Mp worst front cam ever.5). Poor RAM management.6). Lags as hell.7). No handsfree is inside the box, its cheating.please don't except this phone for daily driverTotally waste of money you can get better device for 9k rather than this crappy slab mud phone...This phone YU Yureka Plus is fine...i think it meets all the expectations...however it lacks some features...like call forwarding/divert...it heats up sometime but u may cool it down by removing all the applications running in the background. secondly...copying & moving files from one place to another is bit tricky...u simply need to select the files & go to the location wherever u want to paste or move & it wud be done...but u may take some time to figure that out...as its manual also doesn't elaborate the features that much. however...u may always go into its help & ask the questions with 1 or couple or words related to your problem & it may give u solutions.its not a smart phone but a friying pan.. the 100 %charged battery drained with 12 hr with out inserting sim and also not connected to internet. the back and friend camra comparing with lenova k3 and motorola g3 is very bad..Nice phone with good performance and with some minor cons. Pros: performance is good,rear camera quality is good,battery backup is better. Cons: Heats up very quickly like 15 minutes of gaming makes the phone like stove heat ,very average sound quality(is good only on head phones),minor lags while playing games and while doing multi-tasking. I think it is a better for its price. And the main thing i want to mention is it is in cyanogen OS so customization is great. had lot of features like theme changer,notification panel and status bar customization. Comparing with the other phones like lenova k3 note,redmi 2 prime and in-focus m350, it beats all of them.Really pathetic phone. Got new phone, unboxed and turned ON -- Started heating like hell within 30 minutes. Tried to Reset to factory settings again (which was not required) to rule out any mistake. While restart the Phone was cool, but as the OS started reinstalling the phone started to heat-up again and it was unbearable to even hold in hand (Feared it will blast off), didn't take risk, returned the device within 1 hour of recieving.Really wastage of money and bad device. Will not at all recommend to purchase this device.Cheap price cheap quality, Even Intex phone are far better than this brand.Micromax ashamed by making this type of product.worst product,i bought it as it is successor of Yureka,so it may be advanced  ,but it is heater. it heats within 5mins if u use mobile internet n it produces heat which is greater than the outside heat(city's temperature)Cool phone under 10000Yureka plus is a beast phoneI would give it a five star ratingThe only prblm is battery life but it can be solved by using apps other than that proud on yureka plus and proud for YUI book on 10 Aug. 2015 & received on 14 Aug. 2015 .. when I start phone after some time phone was heating on backside near camera, but  after some use it is working fine, camera quality rating (both side) 3 out of 5 ,sound 4 out of 5 ,video shooting (both side) 2.5 out of 5, battery charging rate good 3.5 out of 5, but I surprise about battery discharge with out use battery down with in 5 hrs go to almost 50 % down (phone as a standby).battery back up 2 out of 5. over all as per paper specification 4.5 out of 5 but actual is 3 out of 5...they try to make not bad not better handset in low prize.... low weight good looking.  4.8 out of 5I will start wid display..... I think u can't get better display in this range one word for it is awesome...... headphones sounds great....... Camera is also excellent......processor is also up to the mark......I don't know how people are commenting on insane charging time, its nothing like that...... Sar value is also low......Heating issue is there but I think it will go with next update...............even now after2 days of use the heating has reduced..... I dont know how n what others are expecting from 9k phone better they should spend more money for better phone......so go for it, its a must buy if u want any thing in 13000 range.......BETTER TO CONNECT THE PHONE TO POWER PORT AND USE LIKE TV , BATTERY WAS UTTER FLOPP . DAILY CHARGE 3 TIMES FULL , HEATING LIKE 52 DEGREE TEMPERATURE. PLEASE ALL OF U DONT BUY THIS DABBA HANDSET.Hiits been a month of use and these are my findings for yu yureka plus:cons-poor battery life lasts for only for 8 hrs- audio quality is poor, cant hear much when i get calls- calls get dropped every now and then- phone gets heated up easily if iam using net or on call- gallery stops abruptly every now and them rather crashes- phone lags sometimes while your browsing through picspros-good camera- sleek design and lightweight- headphone/speaker quality is good- overall good user interfaceThe phone does not meet up to the expectations...Considering the specs it has, it should not hang, but its a common issue the phone hangs a lot.Another problem with this is the battery, which gets heated up even after minimal use. The battery life is pathetic and it takes four hours to charge the battery to 100%, which is not acceptable considering host of quick charging technology available.The phone in short is according to its price of 8999 and does not provide ant extra ordinary performance. It just looks good on paper but real life performance is pretty standard.Very bad customer service after sale. I send my yu yureka for broken touch repair. Its almost 1 month. But no news about my handset when i get it back. Poor yu very poor. Never buy yu products.I am writing this review after 2 months of usage....at first the phone looks fantastic and the cynogen makes it even better.For those who are saying that phone heats up like a oven,that's not true....yes it heats up like every other phone does..and that even too when u play games...but still not like an oven.The only cone is battery...it drains faster...or I say much faster when u even play games like coc ...and only survive 1 day under regular use.camera is OK...and low quality images also looks good.But u can't get much better under 10k....so go for itFolks Be careful with this product.this has every thing proper. But only two major flaws. Micromax has screwed up big time with these minor mistakes.1) heats up like anything.. but i still ignore it**2) Microphone chipset is of low quality.. other side person can not hear your voice.. I did reaserch on this.. found that its a HW problem cant be fixed.. Customer care will as you to do factory reset which never solves any problem..All other issues with respect to calibration n sensor are sloved. but this microphone is of noo use.. its too sensitive.It's a quite good phone but only problem in this device is that its battery life is so small and it's heating problem that's it behalf of this it has a far better camera than my exceptationmobile is ok but too much of heating and quickly drained the battery ,i am very disappointed  to buying this product guys pls don't buying this phone waste of time and very stress to our...Phone is okay in this price range. Obviously with increasing tough competition in market, many new phones are coming where either you may have price benefit or slightly higher configuration advantage....However this phone is also a winner with good features and decent pricing. Immediately after I bought this in first flash sale prices dropped,,, nevertheless amazon was kind enough to return the amount in form gift card value.... Though I cannot get it back as cash I can spend it :).... So i think it is trustworthy and reliable.... both Phone as well as Amazon India....I have ordered this product after 15 days extensive survey of different phone. When I ordered his phone I was very much happy with the specification. But when I received the product and after using less than one hour that this smartphone having serious manufacturing defect. When you make any calls or when incoming is going on screen become black and no command were working therefore unable to receive call or can not see who is calling. I think Yureka has launch the product without quality check. I have returned the product and thanks to Amazon for quick refund process.The Phone is horrible its dose not fit what its written and promoted. its hangs when ever, its heats up so much that you can't keep the phone next to your ears. if you want to see the performance of the phone you have to start in the safe mode why ??? where none of the application works.i thought i will see the phone if any update come and solve the problem but its three months no update. i want to return this phone to amazon. its not amazon who is at fault the the company's fault to getting their phone in the marked without testing it properly.I have been using this product for over a month now. these are my points- the proximity sensor doesn't work when i get a call (does not turn on the screen when i receive a call and doesn't turn off when i hold the phone near to my ear)- when playing games it hangs (Real Racing 3 is what i want to quote)- it heats when using normally (swiping through contacts or using whatsapp or while texting)- poor battery backup (on an average use it comes for around 6-7 hours tops)YU Yureka Plus- Moondust Greyi received yurekha plus today but its started heating at the back side i.e.,at the camera section will it get better in a day or today or should i exchange it?Guys please helpThe product is all right but the service is really bad. I received a faulty set wherein the power button and the card reader of the phone are non functional. When i called up Amazon, they very politely said that they can't do anything and it has to be dealt with the Manufacturer. When i tried to find out about Yu Yureka's service center, they don't have any. You have to either call or mail them. Trust me their service experience has been horrible. Absolutely no help at all. Please go for Moto or something. After sales service is almost non existent.Hi Friends,My straight and Best advise. Please don't buy this mobile. I bought this mobile through Amazon Only. Before buying this mobile , i have great respect with Amazon. but now i am not buying anything from amazon. Such a good company ,advertising and selling worst products. I called Amazon customer care but no use. i called Yureka customer care ,worst response. This mobile will not work as per the advertisement. Everything is bulls***. for me it worked for 1 week after that , it took 24 Hrs to charge completely . Now its not even charging.Yureka is not a good product.. I had bought a phone in June the phone surrendered it's qualities in July.. Completely gone down... The customer care is pathetic... I had to remind them continuously about my problem but they are not ready to hear and telling the repeatedly the same steps of reset the phone. After listening they said ur battery had gone and we are sending inspite of telling repeatedly that how can u address the problem without looking at it. Absolutely not recommended to buy this product. For those for which worked fine.. Best of luckI HV bought yu yureka plus but I m unable to see my contact list that are thet are on the simcard but the contacts which are like linked with Google are displayed no other contacts-8Cr*p in name of phone1. Heats Up(A LOT)2. Shameful Customer Service: My device stopped working within a year,I submitted it to Service Center;they uninstalled the update & returned the  phone!(You are NOT solving the Problem,You are removing the PROBLEM!);I submitted my device for replacement:it took a whole month & They gave me a USED device which was in WORSE condition than my phone ever would be;even if I keep that aside the device couldn't charge! I have submitted it AGAIN. If I could give Review in NEGATIVE ,I wouldi bought this phone and it worked for two weeks properly. Then it began showing lines. I called up Yureka customer care and after reviewing my case, they cancelled the warranty and claimed that the phone had suffered a physical damage and the display wire was broken, without even a single inspection. This was based on two photographs I sent them showing the lines on the display. A pseudo customer care, worst customer care representatives who don't listen to your case properly and most of all, a sham of a warranty! Never going to buy a Yu! Never!Aug 12, 2015First to reviewcertified buyerIf u cant afford an iphone.......get a Yurekabest phone in its class.very smooth processing. touch is very good. after updating the phone the heating problem is very less in comparison to One Plus. 2gb ram is huge for this phone. only 700mb of is used by miui. the rest is more than enough for multi tasking and heavy gaming. except ram and internal memory. dont think........ juz go for it if ur budget is less than 10k. Its perfect for d money paid. worth every penny.HATE IT! DON'T BUY IT LOOKS GOOD BUT GAVE ME PROBLEM FROM DAY 1. INTERNAL SPEAKERS DON'T WORK NOR THE EARPHONES HAVE GOOD QUALITY THE CUSTOMER SERVICE IS NOT GOOD TOO......AMAZON DON'T HAVE OTHER YUREKA+ FOR REPLACEMENT SO I AM GETTING A REFUND INSTEAD AND DON'T TRUST YuCARE THEY HAVE NOT CONTACTED ME YET REGARDING MY REPLACEMENT I RECOMMEND YOU NOT TO BUY IT THE DEVICE IS GOOD BUT IT COMES WITH DEFECT SOMETIMES, THE CUSTOMER SERVICE OF YU IS NOT GOOD AT ALL IF YOU HAVE ORDERED THIS PHONE PRAY FOR THE BEST TO HAPPEN......Overall:If you're looking for a phone below 10K, look no further. Grab this phone.8/10Pros:1.Extremely fast processor 10/102. Screen: Love the 1080p 10/103. Value for Money: Also now price is reduced to 9K. 10/104. Speakers: Decent enough. 8/105. Rest everything is great except the following consCons:1. Camera: Eventhough the rear cam is 13MP, the output picture quality is average.5/102. Also with all the phones now a days heating issues are there.7/10I am writing this feedback with great disappointment, the product I received was faulty as mentioned in return request, I wanted to gift this product to someone but it caused a great embarasment for me, because it was not working properly. Apart from that I have requested for replacement but got information from amazon that refund has been initiated. Overall as a customer it is a very bad experience for me. I hope someone from upper management from amazon will try to see and understand this case from my point of view....The phone has a major overheating problem. Whether the Snapdragon 615 processor is overloaded with the improvements in the Yureka Plus model, or whether the battery capacity of 2500 mAh is not enough, I can't say. But the phone starts heating up the moment it is switched on. Just syncing my contacts and browsing the features was enough to make it uncomfortably warm. It is a pity, because otherwise the display, camera, and specs are very good. If the company can solve this problem, it will be a winner for a long time.This is my 1st Android phone. Earlier I was using BlackBerry. I feel 2,500 mAh battery is way too less for this model. My earlier BlackBerry Z3 model also had 2,500 mAh battery still it used to last for 1 full day. I even tried removing unwanted Apps and disabling the notification options of the Apps but still its of no use. Plus the battery takes hell lot of time to get fully charged. Also there is heating problem. Rest all other features are good. Camera quality is also very good. Only problem is the battery life.Its a great mobile in this price range... initially had problem of callibration but with the help of YU help desk the problem resolved within no time.... I appreciate all YU people for giving such a beautiful device... No heating problem as heard, Display goes blank while calling (incoming/outgoing) resolved in no time, Superb performance, Battery Issue is little bit, can be improved but its just okey.... from my side absolutely 5 stars.... If you facing any problem with this device please contact YU customer care..The seller response is very good,but regarding the product after using few days only in spec wise it is very good w.r.t it's price, battery backup is quite low it must be increased,set become heated from top side at the back which must be resolved, width is slightly less if it will be more than it feels good while surfing and rest all are as per it's specifications are good.Offers must be provided to the initial purchasers but here reverse is happening, kindly take care of this so that people must not wait.Nice phone  but lolipop version not running good incoming calls when not looking in display and very different problem all yureka phon this problem and but nice phoneOrdered on 6th n got it on 9th aug.battery drains fast but it can be fixed by update I guess.other minor issues are heating n front camera sometimes. Other than that it is a great phone to use.after charging 100% ,it can be used for 5-6hrs max.In ideal state u can count on it for whole day.screen resolution is quite good.it has some bugs,guyz don't expect a iPhone in this range commonLast verdict-one of d best phones under 10,000.I hope YU will resolve all d issues with a software updateGot it from amazon on august. Overall nicee phone.  Only problem being the battery. Although being a 2600mAh battery, it actually dies very quickly.  You will need to carry around a powerbank even if for medium level usage. Otherwise the phone works fine on other areas. The processor works fine. It gives problem while playing asphalt 8, which otherwise plays very well in my other htc desire 820 having same processor. But in other games it works ok. Overall a very nice product and value for money at thos pricePhone heating very badlyWhen we take phone call it will heat very fastly and battery get down fastlyCan not make call more time because it heat moreI like what this phone has to offer but it isn't worth it. Performance isn't good. Lags and stutters a lot. Has to be rebooted constantly. Apps crash. System UI crashes too. Battery life is pathetic. Battery gets drained in just half a day of moderate usage. Phone heats up really fast without heavy use and its not acceptable. This is a very poor phone.Having said that the features and the customization options are really good. No complaints there. Still wouldn't recommend this phone though.The phone is definitely worth the money paid. Opted for 2 day delivery and received as per that. Phone is very light, screen is very clear, touch is very responsive. The only considerable  problem I see is that the phone kicks it self off of internet connectivity. Be it 3G/WiFi. Even when tried connecting manually, it simply refused to connect and after some it it connected automatically. I am yet to report the issue to YU service.Other than this, phone is worth every rupee spent.Phone get reboot....while application is running it get rebooted....pls fix this problem...as its only 3 days before I have bought it...rest camera is nice...the phone looks good and the display is great.The camera is also good.This phone having 2gb ram,still it have lagging issues, some time phone may late by 5-15 seconds.And phone having heating problem. In the first use i thougt this is an iorn box, then it get reduced,but still it heats. The battery also get drained quickly. I didn't get any updation still now as company said. All this bugs may be fixed in the upgradation.Overall the phone is good if u r not considering the heating problem.hi guys,i would suggest not to buy it.this is the worst phone i have ever bought.this has a lot of issues, within one month usage i have faced 2 major issue.most important as per company support it is the worst. for any problem we have to diagnose and follow up.from last more than 10 days i am calling customer care but there is no proper solution and support and complaint is still pending.i am going to file a complaint in consumer forum.thanks.Hello Friends! So, you are thinking of buying Yu Yureka Plus in the next sale? If yes, you must read my review!. I was able to buy Yureka Plus in the first sale. I have been testing out it for almost a week and I would like to tell you people what i feel. The reason you dont see, VERIFIED PURCHASE tag on my review is that I have two accounts on Amazon. I used both of the accounts in the flash sale but i was not able book a Yureka Plus with this account. Well that being said, I also have a Lenovo K3 Note. I would be comparing Yureka Plus with K3 Note in my review.So, Let's get started!---------------------------LOOK AND FEEL---------------------------1)Yureka+------- The Yureka Plus wins the looks department hands-down. It still retains the textured moonstone back as seen on Yureka. It has a slim form factor with thickness of 8.3mm. The volume rocker and power button are finished in chrome and have a nice feedback. The front also has a thin metal running in the front, which looks really nice. The buttons are also backlit.2)K3 Note------- The K3 is not that bad. The device overall feels solid. There are no gaps and the back cover fits perfectly. The back is matte finished and does not slip. It has smaller dimensions than Yureka + and is about 0.3mm slimmer. Hoever the buttons are not backlit.--------------DISPLAY--------------1)Yureka+--------The Yureka+ has a Full HD 1080p display which is really sharp and bright. No complaints about the display. However I have noticed a bluish tinge on the display. The viewing angles are great, colour reproduction accurate, and overall a great experience. What's more, it has Gorrila Glass 3.2) K3 Note------------ The display of K3 is a bit better than Yureka+ because it has better sunlight legibility and better contrast. However, I leave this to personal preference. The display is also Full HD 1080p and it is a joy watching movies on this thing. There is no Gorrila Glass, however you do get a hardened glass which is good for day-to-day use. Both the devices have 5.5 inch screens.------------------------------------------------PERFORMANCE AND GAMING------------------------------------------------1) Yureka+------------ Day to day usage is fast and smooth. No lags whatsoever. Coming to playing high end games (MC 5, Asphalt 8) , this is where these phones have great differences. In the beginning both perform same, but after some time K3 starts lagging a bit. This is because as the phone starts getting hot, the processor shuts down some cores to cool down and thus the game starts lagging. There is no such feature in Yureka+, which means the phone gets quite hot, but it doesnt affect your gaming.2) K3 Note ------------ Here also day to day performance is buttery smooth. No lags even after running 30 plus apps in multi window.Coming to gaming I explained most of the points above. K3 Note is not for heavy gamers but it stays cool. If you are OK with the phone getting hot, you should have no problems with Yureka+. For those who play less games K3 Note is great. K3 scores a massive 45000 on Antutu whereas Yureka+ scores only 35000. However, there is not much difference in performance in real-world usage. Both phones are awesome for everyay use.--------------------USER INTERFACE--------------------1) Yureka+ ---------- It runs on CyanogenMod 12 on top of Lollipop.It is one of the best ROMs out there. There are a ton of customization options and security features. Look and feel is almost like stock android. There are however minor bugs here and there such as proximity sensor. It is great for people who like playing with their phones and want to customize everything. However, people who like simplicity must go forK3 Note as its VIBE UI is very simple to use.2) K3 Note--------- K3 runs on VIBE UI, which is Lenovo's custom skin on top of Lollipop. It has a very flat design. There is no app drawer and all icons are in the homescreen. The UI is very refreshing and colourful. Double tap to wake and sign commands are there. Option of themes is also present. UI is very stable and not at all buggy. There is also some gesture control such as blink to take selfie and double press volume rocker to take a photo when device is locked.-------------CAMERA-------------1) Yureka+ ---------- Both phones have a 13 MP + 5 MP cameras. Pictures come out fairly detailed with minimal noise in daylight conditions. In indoor lighting and low light pictures get grainy. Flash works to some extent but not always. Clicking pictures with the flash gives a bluish tinge on the pictures. Macro shots are good, with decent depth of field. The selfie camera is good but again selfies have a bluish tinge. The rear camera records Full HD videos. The videos were decent but hanged sometimes.2) K3 Note ---------- Both cameras perform quite well. Slightly better than Yureka. Front camera of Yureka give a slightly bluish tint but in K3 colours are natural. You need steady hands to shoot in low light, and the pictures come out great. The rear camera has full hd recording and the videos are great too. The pictures come out very good in daylight and the colours are vey accurate. Also, the 5MP selfie camera has Beautify feature which works great. K3 Note has an edge over Yureka+ in the camera department. However, they come very close.-------------BATTERY-------------1) Yureka+---------- Yureka has a 2500 mAh battery compared to 2900 mAh of K3 Note. Battery easily lasts 1 to 1 and half days on moderate to heavy usage. YU says it has some feature on Cyanogen which gives 30% more battery. The phone also lasts a complete day on 3G. I cannot comment on 4G battery life, as I dont have 4G in my city.2) K3 Note ------------ The battery is very good. Drains very less. Gives about 2 days of use on moderate to heavy usage. A clear winner among the two ! Even after gaming, the battery reduces very less. 3G usage can easily give 1.5 days of usage.-----------SOUND-----------1) Yureka+ ------------ The speaker sound is just above average. Not too good not too bad. It gives a little bass but thats about it. However the sound through earphones is good, rich and clear. I also tried tweaking the speaker settings through the inbuilt equalize, but there was no improvement in the loudness. If you are in a room with ceiling fan running, you will have difficulty hearing from the speakers.2) K3 Note ------------ Wow ! The sound is just so loud ! Crystal clear and deep. Also Dolby Atmos is there. It can only be used while using earphones, and the experience is awesome. True 360 degree surround sound. You have to hear it to believe it ! Easily beats Yureka+ hands down. It is the best sound I have ever heard on a mobile. The treble is perfect and bass is amazing. Also, the speaker consumes very little battery even at full volume. If you love hearing songs, this is the best phone for you!--------------SAR VALUE--------------Many people are worried about the high SAR values of K3 Note. I was also puzzled about it. So I did some research and found this out- I found out that the SAR rating of K3 consists of all the radio frequencies like wi-fi, FM. The SAR rating of K3 for voice calls is 0.641kg. Also the SAR rating of K3 is measured on American scale rather than EU scale. American scale always gives higher SAR values. Companies like Samsung and Micromax give SAR rating on EU scale. Also, many manufacturers give SAR rating for voice calles. For example- SAR value mentioned on the box of Galaxy S5 is 0.72kg but this SAR value is for voice calls only. The SAR value of all frequencies on S5 is 1.45- 1.59kg. But Samsung does not mention these, but when Lenovo does all the people are creating hype about K3 Note. So, I will suggest you not to worry about SAR rating and compare other aspects.--------------VERDICT-------------Both the phones are excellent performers for the price. However there are some differences. If you want the customization of Cyannogen, better design and better gaming, Yureka+ is the perfect choice for you. On the other hand, If you want a stable UI, better sound, battery and simple UI, K3 Note is for you! Both of them have some drawbacks, but what more do you want from a Rs.10,000 phone?The end decision is yours.Please hit the YES button below if you found the review helpful. As there are many misconceptions about these devices, hit 'YES' SPREAD THE TRUTH! Have a great day!!Received my phone on 11th September.Before buying this phone I had watched more than 100 videos reviews of various phones in this segment.I came  to know few negatives about this phone firstly overheating & secondly battery drain issue.Here is my experience:-1. Look and feel wise phone deserves 5/5.2. Camera is very good for a phone priced @ Rs 9000. Auto foucus works very well. Front cam is very good and you also can use screen brightness to click selfies in low light.3.This phone uses Snapdragon 615 processor which is known for heating.Phone does get hot for first 5-10 minutes of usage but then gradually it cools down itself. For example , When I first made call through internet it became hot in the first 5 minutes but slowly it got cooled , I had disconnected the call after 1.30 hours and phone temperature was normal.Heat issue does not leads to any performance issue.4. You will need to charge your battery atleast twice in a day if you are heavy user. For average usage one time full charge your battery. Battery for android phones is always a issue and to add to the problem this phone is full HD display so you can expect battery discharge issue. But you can improve the battery performance by using some tricks and tweaks.5. Phone sound & display quality is very good.6. I also had heard that there is some proximity sensor issue with this phone. But I didn't find any issues with it and works very well.I would suggest if you have budget of about 12000Rs go for this phone as you will save 3000 Rs and also get a good phone. All the phones till 12000Rs have got same configuration . So save 3000 Rs by buying this phone. All phones like Lenovo K3 note , meizu m2 note have some issues and are also priced higher then this phone. So this phone offers best value for money at this price.This is an amazing phone for such a mindblowing price point. We too have some drawbacks here. I have been using the phone since 5 days and i encountered some drawbacks like low battery life. It doesn't last even a day with heavy usage including gaming. The camera quality is good at day times. Low light camera is very bad to be honest. The lockscreen is very laggy as on my phone, I have replaced my default lockscreen with a third party lockscreen. Now it works fine. Touch response is amazing. The display is mesmerizing. It shows every minor detail. Multitasking is better but not the best. The phone is light unlike other phones and is sturdy and solid as well. Overall, I am happy with my phone. If you wish for a little vibrant screen and a wide angled camera you may pay an extra 1000 rupees and buy the lenovo k3 note. As far as I am concerned, I am happy with yureka plus. The best phone anyone can have at this price! :)UPDATE : I am sorry guys. Actually, after using it for 2 months now, what I faced here are only problems! Here's a list of all the problems I faced:1. It takes about 5 hours for a complete charge. That's terrible.2. The default Lock Screen is so damn laggy. It might be a software glitch. I am using a third party lockscreen since I bought this device.3. Heating is okay with snapdragon processors but this heating affects the performance of the device. The device starts lagging when the temperature crosses 48 C. This sucks. This also could be a software issue.4. The battery being a 2500 mAh battery doesn't even last for 3 hours on continous gameplay and wifi.5. Looks YU has an unfair relationship with those proximity sensors. They are so faulty. They never work properly.6. Being a 13 MP shooter, this camera has let me down. Pictures take up accurate color but they don't make it to the picture quality even though they occupy a hefty storage space. Cameras of Lenovo K3 Note and meizu m2 are far far better than this which are being sold at a similar price point.7. Audio output from the rear speaker is not that loud as expected.8. The front camera is so laggy that even if I handle the phone still, laggs are clearly visible. Again, this could also be a software glitch.9. YU doesn't roll out the OTA updates. How could you expect your software glitches to get eliminated?!Buying the meizu m2 note or the lenovo K3 note at a 1000 rupee extra would have been a great option. However, I regret. 'This device hears up like hell even on moderate use. There is a considerable lag even while playing not so graphic intensive and heavy games like subway surfer and candy crush. Also, there is a star icon displayed in my status bar next to the sim range bars, which has recently come up, earlier it was not there. Also the p7cs taken from camera in dim and poor light have reddish/orangish touch, which is quite irritating, but u can make out whats in the pic.  Battery drainsvery fast. Upon moderate usage, my battery came from 100% to 95 % in just about 10 to 12 mins.  Battery takes a lot of time to chare to full. Guess it should have been a 3000-3300 mah battery and the charger should have been of 2 ampere atleast.  And the phone should have got atleast 3gb ram onboard with quick charge feature in built.  Nevertheless, a good and a cute handset within budget,specially for students and those who want to hav a good smartphone wihin budget.One more thing i wud like to add is that prior to buying this phone, i went through plethora of reviews for its predecessor and watched youtube videos and also saw all the videos for this fon on the official youtube channel, YUPLAYGOD, on youtube, which was hosted by none other thanMr Rahul Sharma, founder and owner of Yu brand and he performed the choppin of veggies test on the screen of this phone to demonstrate the to6ghness of the gorilla glass used in the screen of this phone. But my phone's screen has got scratches, though minor they are and not visibke upon a casual look, but if u look carefully on the screen , then they are visible, which i think are due to my keeping of the phone upside down on the hardcover file and on the table.At the end i woyld like to say that it s a decent smartphone , nothing is complee and perfect in this world, includin us humans!!Go for it if u like the phone and my review !!This is a nice Product on Amazon, I faced some Problem initially to understand the Phone.I got few solutions to the issues like unable to manage calls at the time of both outgoing and incoming. Other than that I am not happy with Battery life, but later I analyzed and smart phone of bigger screen size will have the same issues, but not as like this phone battery drains. Any ways Other than that I found this Phone worth buing for price 9999 and after 15 days I got a gift coupon of 1000 Rs for the same Order from Amazon as the price dropped by 1000rs for this item.I liked the following features I have used yet:No hangingFast responseNice lookCameras are awesomeSpeaker jack is very nice Sound Quality is also nice.Allowos us to access most of its memory, like very basic Apps are pre-loadedGot My solution online and that really worked for mePhone Does not Heat, as i was taking review for Yureka before I buy this.Accessories like headset is not a standard one and is not clear while using for call, but manageable.Preloaded SW are working very nicelyFor accessibility point of view, this phone has the basic solutions and meets the requirements - good only.Auto sensor feature is also good.Record able FM Radio.It is worth buying this phone. I Liked it. 4 out of 5 rating from me.This is the worst phone I have ever used. phone has so many bugs... it heat like anything.. most of the time hung when using any app.Service is worst then any other cell phone company. if you have any small or big problem it will at list take 24 days to replace ur phone.Customer executive never transfer the call to senior person.Only go for this if you  have lots of money and you do not understand where to spent it.Very Very Very bad experience....After buying the Yu phone I face some charging problem. on my phone warranty is finished. or phone have still the same problem. every time take 45 days to return the device without solved problems. Please don't buy this device. I would suggest think of twice while buying a YU product because the after sales service is pathetic, my phone was dead while updating and it's been 45 days I haven't got my product repaired. Whenever I call customer care I am asked to wait for 48 each time.The product was good enough ... But it has a lot of heating problem ... For god sake don't play any high graphic games .. Like most wanted 2 ', modern combat 4 etc ... The phone starts heating  like a fireball ... Although it has a powerful processor but just bcs of performance it works heavily and starts heating within few minutes ... U can do all other things except high programming....!!  Itt has a superb camera and overall look ....!! Good choice if u ignore the heating problemHi Guys,I purchased YU Yureka plus with lot of hope. Phone is having lot of issues.1)Battery Backup is not Good even Micromax A116 canvas HD backup is good when compare to this.2) Caller log Dialler is not opening showing error unfortunately Dialler has stopped since the day 1 i am facing this issue3)Heating problem is also there.Please dont purchase this mobile its not worth for 9000 Rs.Hope this review helps.ThanksAwesomeSolve heat issues by :1)rooting search on YouTube.comDon't fear u won't lose warranty2)install no CPU frills app / YU heat monitor app.3)download heatfix.zip from yuplaygod.forums.com4) flash the zip enjoyNo more heatup no more battery drain.Under clock from 1.5ghz to 1.4 or 1.279 to avoid heatup and battery drain under clock while normal use temp will be only 32degree normal while high end gaming max temp 38degreesI love the unit. For the price the phone is amazing and works very well. It is fast and the camera quality is good. The screen is sharp and gorilla glass protection gives enough confidence in handling. Yureka Plus has done a wonderful job. No heating issues at all. I found some dust particles in the screen guard enclosed and am requesting another. Otherwise it is a good deal and a phone  worth having. Features vis-a-vis price, it is more than value for money. Recommend strongly.I would give this phone zero stars if i could, the build quality is so cheap. Plus you have the ultra pathetic customer service to deal with. I had bought this phone in march. The touch of my phone is not working anymore. After complaining, the customer care people asked me for Rs 5999 for a replacement (my phone is still under warranty). They wouldn't let me speak to a senior executive unless i agree to pay the money. Won't suggest this phone to anyone. Not worth the anguish.totally s*** phone ! i hate this phone trust me guys dont go for itm using this cell from 2 days m facing so many problem1. heating problem even when while ur on call (battery drain)2. customer support totally s*** !3. camera quality not tht great as in lenovo k3 note4. sound is bursting when u chase it for full5. while making call the light n ambient sensor doesnt work properly as a result ur were stuck on a call :(this phone is totally s*** trust me guys dont buy it !I have been using the phone since one week. It is OK except for the below points.1) Getting heated during charging.2) Getting heated and getting struck during multi tasking. Mostly while using wi-fi in multitasking.3) Lag during making calls. The doesn't go to dial pad as soon as you click on 'Call' icon, it takes some time to navigate to dial pad screen.4) Battery drains too fast.Apart from that every thing looks good for 8999 mobile.First i would like to Thanks Amazon for delivering mobile in nice and neat package.YU yureka plus has really done a major improvements over earlier YU yureka in terms of1. Display2. CameraBut there is still heating issue . and for full charging it takes to long . Since I m not gaming guy and use moderate usage of this device . I don't feel much heating issues. And at 9k budget this phone is a beast. Camera both front and back is beast.My reviews after use 2 days 1) Amazon service always fast and clean about packing NOW ABOUT DEVICE 1) yureka plus heating issue on near earpiece 2) with battery life iam not used for playing games only for calling 10 hours approximately 3) call quality is good 4) music player is stop working again and again that is problem 5)video player not in builtin play video in gallery ?after all my observations the build quality is good but something missing in softwareVry upset aftr reciving yureka plusd camera and top  part of d phn get heated a lot evn if m nt using it.nd battery gets low vry soonWorst customer service.I have registered a complain with ticket id :- 2072926, It has already been more than 30 days,but they keep on repeating that they will replace the phone in next 15 days as they are unable to update the data in Data-ware house, so they can not replace the phone. Either they are really unable to fix their technical bug or trying to fool us. In both the cases they are proofing that their customer service is just a myth my friend.As mentioned by many users it gets too hot while charging or while watching videos...I think the battery slot is empty :P...It sucks battery like hell Charged it to 100% in morning at 7 AM and it got down to 70 % in 2 - 3 hrs with moderate usage :( .Moreoever all animations are not very smoothLockscreen sucks.....But switching b/w apps is good , Display is amazing , brightness levels are also good ...But overall i am not satisfied with this purchase!Had heating issues, returned it. The UI is awesome. But the heat has really eliminated all the pros. It's a con you can not and must not ignore.There is a heating problem but it's tolerable, battery life is below average to put it nicely, the screen is awesome and camera is good too. really love the phone, very slim and light, comes with a screen guard. no problem surfing the internet with wifi, have not tried with mobile data yet. delivery was prompt, ordered on the 10 and got the phone on 13th. not sure if it's worth the price as the phone is not available in shops but i love the phone anyway.Good product, but pretty bad initial configuration. Proximity sensor was not calibrated, hence the screen was not turning on when you dial out a number, until the call was cut by other side.Good product for the given price, All positives are already written by other reviewersPros:Great display, Good design - Feels premium, Great priceCons:Charging takes a lot of time - it takes about 3 hours to fully chargeit is getting more & more heated and if u r playing a heavy game like asphalt 8 it does a lot of lagging...........I m going to return itAfter using for 15 days my Yureka Plus display stopped working and the response from YU customer care is worst.  I read many reviews regarding the mobile and experience by the other customers was also worst but i took risk in purchasing the mobile feeling that the bugs will be cleared in the upcoming updates but they didn't even give an update till date. But i love the configuration and the price. Hope there won't be any issues in the upcoming modelsJust I got my yurekha plus... And it recommended to charge for 2 hours before using it I order to setup your configuration. I did charged and configured and mobile got heated up. But remaining features like touch sensitvity everything looks fine.Incase if you are ready to buy anyways, I recommend to wait until this bug with proximity sensor is fixed (http://techotv.com/top-10-plus-yu-yureka-demerits-cons-problems-solutions/) fixed.Front camera very nicePoor battery backupHeats little much but it manageable for meSome key features missing13MP working not as Good I think9000 is a good priceThat's why I buy thisProcessor is also not too fast that I thinkLook wise not so goodTakes 4 hours to full charge that irritated meYU is a new company still have to learn a lotThanku hopes this review helps youNot able to give less than this. My phone have charging issue. when i explain this problem to Customer Care (YU) they are really hopeless. They are saying their technical team will get back to you. But after 1 week also i haven't get any call from them.YU play god means YU play with people, money and their time.Worst Customer support i never met before.This is my problem with YU ticket ID: 1292559Pros: Lovely phone and highly customisable; great interface; great screen; good camera; great price 8999/-; stable gaming, music and video playback;Cons: Battery is not adequate 5-8 hrs depending on use which forces you to carry a backup pack; buggy os (needs update);Carried a Canvas 4 before this which was a solid phone. Wondering if i should have gone in for the K3 Note; If YU updates the s/w will give a 5 starBattery getting exhausted too fast.. touch is average not very responsive. Was getting heated upon charging post which starts to hang frequently. Camera was good. Not pure android experience as it is Cynogen OS. Display is good. Does not give feel of 2GB RAM....Returning the mobile for above issues. Amazon says courier person will call you on the date you gave asked for which did not happen... awaiting call from courier....I brought it for the specs which are good.Yipee Things:1) Camera2) Cynoegen OsDisappointments:1) Bugs: Dialer, Messaging app don't work properly. Don't let me enter the receiver's number, blinks and crash. Happened many times.2) Body: Body is really weak. You will need a cover to protect it's back body.3) Heating: During call, charging.Neutral:1) Battery lifeAmazon delivered the product in 5 Days.Overall performance of the phone is quite good. It heats a-lot even by doing just small tasks such as browsing,etc . The set which was delivered to me was faulty one, Connecting with the WiFi was resulted to frequent restart ho the phone. Yu has done a good job but wait. it has 615 snapdragon chipset which heats alot and they have not done a good job in controlling the heating issue.pathetic camera, dont go with the 13 mp tag, images are very very blurred, u cannot even read a printed paper shot at a distance of 1/2 metre. it takes 6 hrs to charge fully, heats up more than an oven, battery last 3-4 hrs at max with very little usage. i am returning this phone and asking for a full refund. please stay away from yu products. all micromax products are repackaged chinese cheap equipments, never ever trust them.One of the best phone in market at this price with all features that one wants in their smart phone. Also comes with all accessories.Mobile looking good.But battery quality not good (dead only 2-3 hrs) &mobile warp up on fast rates withing 10-15 minutes.Wud have given 5 if it performed lyk it did the 1st week..A lot of problems after the 1st week...camera,contacts, gallery Nd SME other apps stops working in between until you reboot the phone..there is a problem with the screen lock too..the passwords dnt appear and can't unlock screen...had 2 reboot again...new new problems poppin up evrydy...overheating is also an issue..M I Gona get a refund or replaced..The phone is absolutely fantastic for the price. Great performance, not a lotta lag even while playing games like Modern Combat, NOVA 3, Asphalt 8 etc. The battery life isn't great though and while gaming, it gets drained pretty fast. To those of you complaining that it gets very hit, you're wrong! It heats up while gaming!! It doesn't heat up under regular use. All in all, its the best phone you can get for the price!15/09/2015:I would like to add...after using this mobile phone for less than an hour with NO Gaming...simply WhatsApp & uTube...the phone got heated up like anything and the battery has been drained completely.14/09/2015:I am so happy that I took the right decision to buy YU-Yureka Plus - Moondust Gray. The quality, speed, looks, size weight everything is simply AWESOME. Definately recommend people to go for it.I really happy to share my feedback with the customers who wants to buy this mobile.its really worth for our money and camera clarity is excellent when u compare to other phones and especially sound quality is far better and u will feel that it's really one of the best mobile under 10 K.if you compare with any other mobiles under 10 K with all these future Yu yureka is One of best mobile in india Market.It has been 5 I bought this product from Amazon.  Yu Yereka is the e value for the money product.  I am listing some pro and cons I felt in my 5 months of usage.Pros :1. Good display quality.2. cyanogenmod by which you can customize as per you wish.3 . Good camera qualityCons:1.Some Buggs has be resolved2.Battery back up is too less3.Often undergo heating issuesUnfortunately this phone has a two major issues.1) It heats up substantially.2) Loss of voice when making / taking calls. The person on the other side of the phone cannot hear you. This is a know and accepted fact by the company. When you tell them about this problem the immediate response if for a 100% money back.The specs are great and I wish the phone did well sans these two issues.Hey.. I am using this phone from past 7 months, its really good phone. Best this is the cyanogen mod 12 os , u get really good customizations options. Camera quality is really good, its has 16 GB internal memory u can install many applications. It has good build quality , till now I don't get a single problem that made me frustrated.If u want a best budget phone with nice features. Here u go , buy this yurekaThe phonw not satisfactory...it is slow and the battery us draining out really fast... Also.. It is getting heated very quickly.Handset is perfectly fine.....I think the battery was not genuine becoz it is draining in 3 hrs of full 100% charging for 3g useNo words to describe this product...Its really awesome and HD videos are now tonic for the eye...Also, Audio has improved a lot.I ordered one in excitement and had to return it with great pain. The cameras and full HD screen was unbeatable.  So was the light weight and robust build quality.But phone was heating up abruptly and I lost my hopes when its crossed 45 mark. So returned it back. Incase you use phone mostly on speaker mode for calls or you are ok to use a thick book case flip cover,then u can manage to use with less impactBought this phone with all this hype around... looks amazing, clarity crystal clear. Speed average. Camera below average. In my 3-4 days of usage phone restarted on its own about dozen times. hung same no. of times. Did not detect wifi and the wifi button in drop down dint work. earpiece sound low. Heats up pretty soon. I dont know how the phone has such amazing reviews!!!! Or may be I just got a defected one!!!itz not a phone its a portable heater it get to nearly 70 degrees which makes it impossible to hold in hands it heats like hellscreen getting off totally while making call or receiving any call.WORST PRODUCT.VERY FIRST TIME BAD EXPERIANCE FROM AMAZON.INIt should be called a Oven not phone. Heats up very quickly.  I am really not satisfied with the product,  hope it does not damage somebody ear.  Now I called up YU service toll free.  Answer on getting issue -  Octacore processors do heat and he is spending everyday 30 min over phone to troubleshoot heating. But I bought phone not oven. Amazon pls die-cast this from your catalogue,  this hampering your image.Its a great phone with full HD display within 15% discount on yureka plus(moondust grey) during freedom sale....!!!!.As per all reviews,i just find only one big issue which is Heating....!!!otherwise,Multitasking good,camera quality rear+front good,Touch awesome,sound quality good,good feel in handLast but not the least, MADE BY INDIAN COMPANY....!!!Its been more than a year now I've been using the phone, the battery performance has improved with usage and after the update from CyanogenMod. Yes, the mobile does heat up but which mobile doesn't? Even the Moto G series phones heat up, My LG G4 also heat up, I think heating is not an issue but its what you get with processors. Everything's working fine with the phone. I'm a happy customer of Yu. Well done.Excellent Phone for users who use cell for basic apps like internet n photo editing shopping etcCamera quality excellentI bought this about 3+ months back. For a long time the phone was extremely slow.Then suddenly out of the blue there was an update few days back through system updates. When I selected install update I ran into this issue:http://stackoverflow.com/questions/33193819/yureka-plus-system-update-showing-a-watermark-cyanogen-preview-12-1-yog4pap8blThe issue is a watermark on display everywhere.I bought yureka plus 1month back. It heats up too quickly. Battery back is also so poor. Input sound or headphones sound is also poor and after sometimes it start lagging too. Gets hanged when call gets connected. Charging is also taking much time. Battery has become dead within a month. In this regard both Amazon & Yureka response is worst. I complained on August 19th. Till now I did not get any response.in my yureka plus I'm having trouble with my otg. the problem is after I plugged out my pendrive,I can't access my apps that is moved to SD card. for that I need to reboot it again. I think issue is due to the absence of unmount option. but overall performance is good. I presume that official cm12.1 update could fix is issue. and I would like 2 remind u that it's a hot phone but not a smart phoneWorst phone never buy. After update it will die . Service center is horrible . They will sell refurbished handset , if not observed carefully . Seriously don't  buy . I have 2 , now  know its worst . Micromax is better , at least it has service centre . At launch of YU they promised to release updated evey month . But no updates . Lots of bugs with lollipop . Phone heats as iron box . never buy.Battery is worst . heating problem . approximate sensor not working . lagging . except these problems every thing is finebattery and hand free jack dose not work properly. baettry backup is not good. hand free cable jack was giving problem hwen i was unplugged it it show connected when i received a call i have to connect hand free without hand free i have to talk on loud speaker.  and some videos and audio's are not supported to this device. i have a 3g connection but phone did not connect 3g not showing H+ sign.Product Quality: GoodThe phone is a good buy for the price range.Best part is the cyanogen OS which lets u do a lot of customizations to deep levels into the OS.Camera is also very good both front & back cam have good quality images.On the gaming front though it lags quite sometimes & gets very very hot handling the games(e.g ashphalt).Out & out a good buy.Hi friends.. I bought this phone 2days back...but none of my simcards is detecting...its saying "emergency calls only" i cant access any network thought i purchased new sim of airtel and idea but same problem arising...i think amazon send me faulty piece..is there any way to replace my yureka plus...I shopped here for first time and i got faulty piece.....pls help me in this...Phone look good... It mean in LOOK. It gets heated every time and no support from seller's end and if called to Amazon people they give only customer care number.Over all it looks good be family of YUREKA PLUS. But every one need to know the good news of family also . i.e MICROMAX and I am customer of India's brand since 6yr.Thanks for reading this about my rating to the phone.The camera was not working, so contacted YU support. They offered me to download the update and after the update the phone is dead.Still waiting for replacement but not getting any positive response from YU.Amazon, Please do not sell such a product. My money is stucked with the dead phone.Please help me to get the replacement.Please don't buy this phone.This mobile has not fulfilled my expection rather my old mobile is much better. Within short period of time battery change is discharging very fast and mobile also got heatup within short period of time.Dear Sir it's not a good phone worth having. Within 15 days of its purchase it started giving trouble. On attempting to dial any number it started showing" unfortunately, dialler has has stopped working". On making complaint to Yu Copy sent to you also on 02/09/2015 the only resolution was advised to reset it at factory setting. Brand new phone with problems - disgusting G.S.DIXITNo exaggeration. Frankly very nice phone.  full HD screen is the plus point. Only weakness I found is the battery though I'm not  a gamie I would not refer this phone if you are  big  time gamie.Boasting Full HD screen:very nice to watch videos, reading news or novels. Very smooth.I have been using from 2 days dint face any glitches  till now(hope in future also). ThanksI am happy with this product till now. I got this within two days after placing order. amaging........! screen touch is very nice,camera is fine, 2gb ram so no lagging, it supports otg, battery is fine,some heating problem but overall no problem, hd display clearity is very good, look good & slim.The only problem is charging it. It takes 3-3.5 hours to get charged from 0-100%the phone is good. main problem battery jst .the black screen while calling or recieving calls can be solved jst see the solution on net. heating their will be becoz of processor and it heats mostly while playing high quality . cameras. both r gud specially the front one.no lags at all. it is a good phn if uh r a gaming freak or uh didnt have problem relating to batteryJust awesome cellI mean....wooowwwJust amazing!!!!Simply buy this guyzzzz!!!5* from me.......$uyogwrost phone ever....have many problems...dont charge properly....switch off on repeatly .....suggest not to buy it..I Am very much disappointed with this phone, its getting heated and  automatically restarting, my full 8999/- has gone waste....very bad to yureka and micromax.....same on this............I was feeling proud that India company is making such a great product with low price but sorry to tell waste product, worst experience i ever have with a new smart phone like this....:(In my opinion everything is OK but one most problem of this is HEATING.Normal android heat a little but it has great heat problem from the bigging. It cross around 40 degree Celsius when in charing, browsing, gaming and shooting pics.I will request all buyer to HERE ME as a verified purchased BEFORE BUYING THIS PRODUCT THINK ONCE AGAIN BECAUSE ITS TOOOOOOO HOT !!!!I ordered my Mobile a day ago.....and next day it arrived ....I was amazed by amazon...BTW my yureka plus is working very fine....till now I didn't got any bug....BT the problem its overheating while playing ....I was playing "bombsquad" trust me it burns like a hell..I planning to use it as an heater during winter lol nope kidding.....overall it is good actually....Looks very nice from the outside. Once the batteries are removed the insides have a cheap look. Camera very good. No lagging at all. Nothing alarming about the heating I experienced...of course I didn't play any games. I feel that all the whites have a bluish tint.Batteries lasted a whole day inspite of dpwnloading and watching many whatsapp videos . Great value for money !!Pros:Good look.Bigscreen.Excellent clarity.Good battery backup.Cons:Overheating while charging.Overheating while playing games(too hot).While using 3g or 4g too much heating and battery discharging.max(3hr)Cynogen have to release a quick fix for this overheating issue.Overall its a good budget bigscreen phoneThis phone looks good but when i tried using itCould not receive the calls as the screen goes blank and there is no way to pick the incoming callSome times even the phone is not used and in idle state, people calling are getting a busy toneWhen we did reset the configuration, phone become too hot where you cannot even hold it in your handPhone heats too much, Amazon Service was good but product very very poor. Returning and taking refund, don't buy.Pros:Great CameraNice look and good screen coloursValue for moneyGood to use for light weight applicationsCons:Battery is the main concern. Battery drains very fast and does not last a day if used for a few hoursMinor heating issue.Issue with calls. Voice not transfered to other person if the phone is not held straight.I have been using this product for one week now... except for the heating problem... there is not much bad in this phn in this rang..front Cam-8/10display- 8/10rear cam - 9 /10batt life- 6/10 (i had micromax juice before so its hard to impress me)gaming xperience- 8.5(p.s. boot requires time... and heats up to a scary level while using)worst phone ever never ever buy this phone phone gets heated up calling my ear is alsovery hot then when i call after 5 minutes and it battery dies in less than a hour wastage of money buy a phone of standard company like lenovo ,samsung,apple i accept that its cheaper but somethings it didnt shows that when battery dies and all bad things just dont buy this productThe mobile look is awesome.But it takes 4h time to get fully charged.Some simple features are absent in this mobile like u can't keep your desired song as ringtone.there are some default ringtones (about 100) u need to select from thoso only.It heard up if u use the device continusly for 45 minutes (but after few minutes become normal).the touche is awesome.Supports OTG.This review is in direct comparison with moto g3.I bought a moto g3 for myself and a yureka plus for my friend. From day one we had our differences,  on paper his yureka plus beats moto g3 in all areas,  but now we realise spec is only half the story.The device is beautiful and powerful.. But is not one for your daily ride.The phone won't simply do things a phone should do.The poor battery won't see you through even half a day,Why because it has to deal with twice the amount of pixels and a  fire emittting dragon AKA snapdragon615- which will burn holes near your ears if you keep  talking over the phone for over 15mins.The cyanogenmod mod that comes with it is my favorite thing in the phone (it was easy to choose as i had very little things to like ) but even  that had its fare share of bugs making the user experience less than enjoyable. Yes they could be solved but not everyone is a techie and words like root,  zip, and  flash are still nouns for many.Another  argument in favor of yureka plus was that it was a 'terrible-vfm deal',  i would partly agree.. Yes it's terrible,  but vfm? How will it be vfm when you pay 9k for an unusable phone? It might be a great device with 1080p screen and octacore processor... But it's not a great phone! It is terrible in the most basic and fabulous at the less used features.Sony cam sensor? Yes its pretty decent taking two photos on both yureka and moto g3 i noticed that photos taken in yureka had more contrast and saturation but it was partly due to the better screen in yureka, on a computer both looked equally good, yu>g3.The last argument  was patriotism.  Yu is an indian brand rest are Chinese. Good luck with that.. I don't want to ruin your party by saying its a rebranded chinese phone coolpad dazen! But i think i just did.i just hate this mobile till the date i got it i am facing issues and coustumer support is not doing any thing .It has lot of heating issues.Not a good product.Want to return the phone. Let me know the procedure.Mobile weight is light camera is above average display is good  ...The biggest drawback is BATTERY which wil make you regret after buying this product  it drain within 6-8 hrs if not used much also ,little bit of viewing and gaming drains the battery soon  which makes the rating from 4 to 2. I had done lot of research before buying but still end up in buying a wrong oneHeating prblm is high...call log was very slow than Samsung...it doesn't look as a 2gb ram phone...when playing games phone gets slow...even Dr.Driving also hangs on...I prefer u don't buy this mobile...But camera is perfect...it crosses the Sony cam....The photos look like a professional camera photos...for general purpose like calls and photogenic people can buy it...Really Yu plays God. Excellent phone at unbelievable price. Fast and Fluid responsive touch, Full HD display is really good, more importantly battery backup is really good (stays a day long which is brilliant for this spec). Overall, I love this phone.Delivered the next day even though the expected day was 7 days from the date of order. Thank you Amazon and Yu :-)Hi  Friends.  i am suresh.....)Yureka+--------The Yureka+ has a Full HD 1080p display which is really sharp and bright. No complaints about the display. However I have noticed a bluish tinge on the display. The viewing angles are great, colour reproduction accurate, and overall a great experience. What's more, it has Gorrila Glass 3.  9828869990Worst phone!!!!Guys this is the worst phone i have ever seen  !!!1. Battery is worst ..discharge only in 4hours.2. Screen turns black automatically.3. Automatic phone restart4. Micromax service center denies its service.5. Online support annoys the Customer to tears.Plz do not buy this phone and yuphoria  too.Younger sibling of Yureka has just arrived ...Things I like about this device areCyanogen software (fully customizable), good camera(new sensor from Sony ),some quality gaming and added 1080p display,and its budget friendlyButA smaller battery ,heating issues and  lot of bugs (pretty sure they will be fixed in future OTA)Well a decent and amazing phone but has few cons such as the major one being its battery life which isn't that great... Hardly lasts a day with average usage ...( which can be overcomed and compromised by using a good powerbank ) And does lags a bit during day to day usage but it is common among smartphones...Otherwise as per me the best smartphone at this price rangeOverall the phone is good, A little big in size but manageable. With the price it comes it has ample features to justify the price. Camera is said to be 13 mp but quality is close to 80% on high zooming. Only drawback which is there it its battery backup. If the battery could be better, this can get sold like hot cakes.Overall satisfied with what I boughtfeatures wise its a good phone but the battery back up is very poor and the heating problem is there.Its acceptable in this price range.The major issue is battery back up.And further there is no service back up in India for this phone,micromax people are not giving any answer for this phone.If micromax take over the company then they should provide the service backup5  months ago l bought u yureka.l removed the back cover and put a small piece of paper on the sensor and closed the cover.Thus solved the sensor problem. (Disappearing the screen while talking.)Then installed the app from Google playstore-"watch dog lite",to avoid heat problem .(l had received these informations from the other yureka customers)_JOJI ABRAHAMYes, i am having a good experience of cynogen in YU yureka plus, its a good phone in budget. Gaming exp is awsome. Screen resolution and camera is nice to click puctures of good quality, having a good feel to watch pictures/ movies in yureka than other phones in this budget.Yes, its little bit slow in app switching and also heats-up while playing games.This phone is terrible, the phone heats up like a induction plate. I will not recommend this product to anyoneTakes well above Three n half hours to charge 100%.If a fon on charge for over hours, gets heated badly.Not meeting my expectations as facing low sound volume issue from the second party.  I don't know this is network issue or handset.....i am using the same sim in another phone then sound is loud but in this phone the volume is low.... Contacted yu help line as well but they also not helping..... What to do.... Want to change the phone or give me a replacement.....Net connectivity is very bad. Lenovo K3 Note is doing good with the same Airtel 4G SIM. Software malfunctioning. Suddenly shown that your SD card has been extracted and is not working. I can not download directly to the Micro SD Card. In Lenovo K3 Note there is an option in Settings  - Storage. Want to purchase another by availing exchange option except micromax.Great phone. Value for money. For a middle class consumer, it is far better than Samsung or iPhone.* using it since March 2015* found it better than a 20k phone in the market.* Battery backup is good- lasts 2 days (without WiFi, of course!)* Both the cameras work fine.Must buy if u wish to be frugal and want a good phone.           YUREKA      YUREKA            YUREKA PLUS   ,        AMAZON SERVICE CENTER       ,   IMEI                20      solution   Awesome product. This is value for money. The phone is very slim and its touch is too good. Also, last but not the least, the delivery service by Amazon is also awesome. You guys promised me for 31st August 2015, but handed over my product on 28th August 2015. This was a gift to my sister and I handed over to her today on the day of RAKSHABANDHAN. You guys rocks.The phone reboots on its own frequently every now and then(every 2-3 minutes), if the auto-sleep mode is enabled. The problem started 3 days after delivery of a brand new phone. Have asked for replacement.  If you are extremely lucky , you might get one without this problem.  No permanent solutions as of now, if you want to retain the same phone after purchasebattery  backup not up to the mark, heating problem,  not fast in trasistions compared to other phones, dialer problem, even after having adreno 405 still subway surfer game hangs a lot , mediaserver service bug,  support provided by yu customer support is  just to make you test your phone yourself ..  nd many more problems .. but camera is good display is gudBetter than any phone under 12000 segment don't go to the fake reviews. Its good phone and everything works perfect in it. No problem except headset connectivity in some headsets but its problem of android version 5.0 not of phone. Upgrade will fix it surely. I m using it by past 1& 1/2 months and its a good performer with cm speciality. Good job YU..........--i bought this phone on 28 july its nice but it have Two following Issues1- Heating problem...( it gone overheat when i using it and while charging2- Battery is not sufficientMeritsSmooth TouchGood Diisplay qualitySmooth running13 mp is good qualityFront is Nice... If u have portable charger the go for itI bought this mobile with great expectations. With all marketing gimmick micromax has delivered a  crap mobile. I was not a home when i gifted this mobile to my wife. When i came i startedbthe mobile and it started showing issues. The screen got bank when I called or received any number. I started trouble shooting and manage to fix that issues. Now on second day even while ringing it gets heated like stove . I  am afraid that it might explode. Not a safe mobile at all.I will write and request Amazon.in to get it returned. Hope they will consider my request.Hello Buyers, in few simple lines I want to share my views on this product.1) I bought it on 14 Sep 15 and returned it on 18 Sep 2015.2) Phone built is good but softwares used are sub standard.3) Camera is not all good considering 13 mp.4) Phone hangs a lot5) Worst part is that no service center in India, only online assistance.it is a real deal, within the price range the smartphone offers a variety. but the lag on the phone is not so smooth UI, heating issues whenever u multitask and the battery drains so fast that it has to be on charge all the time.Other than the three cons, the phone is the best money can buy and in the price bracket nothing else comes near to it.I am not satisfied with the product. There are many issues. Phone is getting too hot. Average temperature 41 to 42 C. Ocaasional android. com is not responding. Touch is not responding when I want to receive a call. Display is good. Think again before buying. Price is good and performance is not up to the mark. Probably, it is better to go to better brands.I was floored by the specification of the phone but learnt my lesson soon. Product  got delivered on time. Thanks to Amazon for that.pros:Packaging was nice of Yu plus. good looks, good quality earphones and charger.cons: Phone heats up, takes ages to charge, gets discharged by 20% during night. Overall backup is poor. the response time was long when u trymake call. it takes 3-4 seconds to  dial.Not Recommended at all.Thanks to Amazon that they took the return of the product immediately. Good Customer service by Amazon I must say!!!Design went wrong with some basic things like the music continues when the phone rings, so at times it becomes difficult to make out if the phone rings - not a show stopper, but could be better. SMS Message window does not have a new line character "enter button"...Pros: Has a good camera, sound quality is good, video quality is good :)it is the grt ph.....nd also wndrfl exprnce.....some revwrs said about it's heat prblm but it's not a prblm whn the device on sleep mode for a long time nd then whn we use at a time for multipul works then the cpu works fstly and the ph is heat but it cool down wth in 5mins.it works like pc cpu.i thnk tht's not a prblm and the btry is also grt.......... :)It heats very fast once you are playing games, it also super heats during charging, one cannot play games while charging the phone for more then 10 mins. After it heats the performance of the phone falls exponentially, it slows down.The positive side of the phone is that camera quality is good works smoothly (if not heated) performance is okay.A fatal issue is battery drain problem and heating problem battery backup is about 20 hours only if you don't take the phone even a call. heating is about 80 degree Celsius if you take this phone in hand. I have request to return back due to some other problems, mainly quality is bad as same as duplicate one. It not meet the specification they have given.Very good value for money buy at Rs 8.999.Pros............1) Full HD screen 2) 2 GB RAM 3) Decent camera 4) Sleek and lightweight designCons............1) 3 hours 25 minutes to charge from 0 to 100 2) Slightly jerky touchscreen quality and a poor 'back' button. There are many better phones available there but not at this price.1st amazon delivery is awesome. I'm placed an order on 11th oct & my estinated delivery date is 20th but surprisingly i got it on 14th oct. & packeging is goodNow coming to mobile, it is good mobile with great cyanogen os out of the box. Camera is good. Device will heat up while playing heavy games & disply is great but only problem is the battery.Gr8 smartphone...Pros-Value for money.Gr8 display.best camera spcly video recording.Fast processing.N lot's more.....Conns-Slightly heat phone on back.Screen gets off/blank when receive call or make call.Solution-Dial- *#*#7769#*#*Start proximity sensor.FinishRestart.Horrible phone...the phone is an absolute waste of Money....the battery life is hopeless...n d heating issue is so annoying..I can actually iron my clothes with my phone while it's getting charged it heats up so muchI have uninstalled all my apps just to save on d battery life.I shud have bought a regular phone instead of this crapAm writing this using the phone from past 10 days....Super Phone....People can go blindly for this product from YU....Battery is little down....but those who are employees....there is no problem...am getting 70 calls per day and using Browsing upto 1.30 hrs....No Problem for 12 hrs of time....No other thought to buy the phone at this price point...!Battery heatingup and very poor customer services. No one reverts properly and I will suggest not to buyI m using it since 2 month and Mobile works good but battery drains very fast and about gaming performance it lags in big games like asphalt when having games installed more than 3-4 and it doesn't get charged through laptop charging showed but not charged camera quality is awesome while photo and recording but below average at indoor or low lightPros: Camera is good both rear and front, Qualcomm snapdragon chipset clocked at 1.5 ghz 64 bit octacore, Cyanogen OS with lot many customization, Build quality is sturdy and easy to grip.Cons: While running too many applications on the background it heats up on the top portion, Low light pictures are not good lacks details and looks grainy.Yu Yureka plus is worse phone in my life. With in 7 days show problem in dailer, wifi, heating . cust care try to trouble shooting  but unsuccessful. Phone get damage. 10 days wait no resolution. But amazon given best service. Zero star for service as well as for product qwality. Please do not buy coz of worse service in case of probelm in phone.This product was giving me problems within 2 months of purchase. Now this fone when switched on, it just hangs, and cannot perform any functions, can't make a call, nor receive, nothing....gets heated up the battery drains within 2 hours. Can someone please advise how do I get refund or replacement...Bad decision in buying this product...Hi all,I am Venky actually I purchased this phone 7 days bk , from my experience its good but when I am operating phone it's take a second if am I doing an event(little slow) , and to charge the battery take 4 hours it comes around 7-8 hours and some times its heating , so please give me the suggitions for slow performance of the phone...Its not a good deal to buy, I am using this phone from last 8 months and I have done factory reset more that 10 times because after every month 1 of any internal application is crashing and If I visit any micromax store the replay from the is like " It will take 20-30 days" , Such a s*** phone with overpriced rate, My advise is " DON'T BUY " .this phone is best under this budget.The camera of this phone is best but having a reddish shade when flash is used.the performance of this phone is average for me because it gets heated every time i start to play a game on this.All the features of this are very good at this price.so i think this is a best budget phone.Overheating issue.Battery charging time 0 to 100% - four hours.Battery Drains immediately.I expected this to be better than 1st version but constantly facing issue during calls. Person on other end keeps complaining about echo and disturbance.  Even the headphones which came along are of not good quality. It's handset issue, I figured out this because if I connect Bluetooth headset then the call is smooth!Rest is okay.Quality of product is good using for 1 week.Back camera is not upto mark in night its coming bluish in the picture not recommended for picture quality. Front camera is good. Mobile battery is draining quickly. Sound system is not good with speaker but excellent in headset. Phone is getting hot frequently while using net and also using camera.The handset has acute problem of over-heating.The OS is lot of snags and is not user friendly.The phone book cannot transfer more than 500 contacts in one go which makes it very tedious to share or create back up on external memory storage drives.The build quality and the materials used are way below the industry standards.Price vs features... Best in classBut.. I find from following points worth mentioning.1. Handset get heated during prolong use, talking.2. Even I pull out the plug..it still shows charging.3.Battery does not stand whole day I mean..12-14 hours... on normal use.4. Front camera does not work well on IMO or Skype.The delivery of this item gets sucks the shipped by address and ship to address is in the same city still this item takes 2.5 weeks to reach me, on the day one itself it got in problem, it is when we try to call or any incoming calls the display goes off and it switch on when the call gets end, I asked for replacement, lets see how it worksThe best feature for me is that in CYANOGEN-PRIVACY u can switch off the location of a particular app. But BEWARE IF U CHANGE THE SETTINGS OF DAILER/CONTACTS OR ANY OTHER BULT IN APP IT WILL HANG & REBOOT ON AND ON.Sometimes incoming calls appear 3 or 4 seconds late. But I can live with that because of price. Overall I LOVE THIS PHONEWell i have heard people saying it has heating issues and it does but it is expected next update will solve this issue. And comparing features to price u canNot even say it less worthed , every penny u pay has its value in this phone from full hd display to 5.5 inches screen. And wiyh price reduced by 1000 it has over value for money.This my 2nd phone I happy my friend liking this phone I suggested them go for it  M MaheshwaranI would not recomend the Yureka Plus due to 2 Major Issues :1) The mobile gets heated extremely while charging, listening songs, watching the movie, etc.2) Poor Battery Back Up.Due to above issues we cant use the good specification mobile. I am surprise how the Amazon have verified and certified the mobile under his brand. Amazon team needs to work on this issues as brand name is depreciating with the unsatisfied customer.I want to return it back.Regards,Kalpeshi have used this phone for 1 month this device heats a lot.if u put the phone near your ear when it get heated u will feel ur ear is burning.battery backup is very poor i used to charge it 2-3 times full chargethe phone gets heated when u play heavy game or application or use it for 20-25 minutes.the phone works well with light apps.This phone is value for money!!!A few problem faced in last 2 months of use - Phone Volume could be louder.Heating problem exist even with moderate use (not talking about gaming).It is slower in some actions like calling a number , there is lag of couple of seconds. This lag is not indication of overall phone performance.Great Phone at 10k price!!!HAts off to Micromax..sorry YU...An Indian product having sizzling features that can even compete with phone like oneplus,Xiomi in all sort of hardware and software specs!!Cyanogen allows to handle the phone in a friendly way!!!Yu Yureka plus!!Go for it!!Great service from AMAZON!!!!Everything is fine except poor battery and heat !! ? What is the benefit of HD screen or good hardware if you can't play with it for a while without charging and burning your fingers? It is good gadget but is certainly not a good mobile device as you have to sit near a socket to enjoy it !! SADDD !! Battery drains like a glass of water...Hi,This phone heats to uncomfortable level, when it gets heats it slows down even works worst than Micromax android one smartphone.Returning the phone. It lagged during playing my fabourate game which i can't bear with. Returning the phone, I was expecting a good phone from Micromax. Thanks Amazon for fast & easy return policyBrilliant Phone From YU.The best in its price category.But the only problem with this device is that u need to be an advanced user so that u can root it (no warranty voided on rooting) and unleash its full capablities.Been Using it for the last 5-6 months now running android marshmallow 6.0 no lag or no heating issues.Works like a charm.Best phone under 10k. Highly customisable thanks to cyanogen OS.Basic drwaback is the battery backup which you can extend by disabling few apps (if they are unnecessary to you) by following the discussions posted in YU forum.CONS- none*Disappointed with the quality & adhesive of the screen guard supplied with the phone.The phone has a heating problem, even after killing media server from running apps. It gets heating while charging and with little gaming. Camera does not seem to be 13mp at all. I was hoping that it would come with 5.1.1 but it is stuck with 5.0.2, no upgrades yet , which may fix the camera and heating issue. Delivery was prompt.Yesterday I received the phone, Packing is very poor,To day when I inserted the sim and the memory card, thephone is not woprking properlyand every time when I logged to net it goes out of order and the screen get blank. I an willing to returned the item, its not as per the expectations.very poor quality from micromax.Very Very heatup problem... just one month using n mobile start to hang...only one gb ram mera use ho raha he fir bhi mobile slow chalne laga he..N return policy also worst...flipcart one month ka return policy deta he or ye amazon only 10 to 15 days..ab 10 to 15 days me thodina phone jada problem deta he...very chapter amazon...Frequent problems 1. Proximity sensor not working. 2. Back speaker stopped working. 3. display stops working 4.calls doesn't end. 5. Over heating. 6. No response from tech teams on complaints 7. Good thing , you become a good yureka technician resolving all the problems. Amazon should consider pulling this product off its market.It has extraordinary features at its price range,display is good,Phone is slow in processing when compared to canvas nitro 2 ,camera is also not as good as canvasnitro2Battery somewhat OKInitially heating was annoyingOverall its processing is not as fast when compared with nitro 2 and gets struck sometimesI had the previous version of this phone , but with the addition to full hd screen , new camera & a sturdy body . It all new love againThank you Amazon for bringing in this wonderful phone to me .I am happy my request made was heard and product was delivered on time as mentioned on calls made from your endMy Uncle bought this phone..I used it for 2days and I am very much satisfied with this performance..Only i found that it has heating issue when we use internet and playing games..But it's ok..Another thing i found that it does not charge faster with other anyother charger,accept the yu charger...The screen quality is excellent..its not up to the mark like i m thinking for it i ordered this on 13 august and got on 17 aug. but on the second day of my use this phone start flustrating me a lot.its gone hang when i get a call for somebody the whole screen got black like black board and got stuck black for a while till the caller call doesn't end , i think their is a problem in the proximity sensor thats y is not working properly.so from my side its a average phone with lots of radiculous featuresLots of heating problem..charge is draining quickly.hanging and etc problem.so do not go for it.Worst phone ever.Hangs a lot..very less battery backup,heats a lot ...phone switches on n off 8-9 times a day...and this review is from a geek who had tried to solve every problem by finding out a solution from internet or changing scripts.Would ask amazon to stop selling such cheap stuff..YU yureka plus purchased by me is always getting heated  due to which it cannot even be put in your pocket as skin is irritated and it is unbearable.  if  wi-fi etc used it simply becomes a heater.  it cannot be carried in pocket due to its heating and irritation problem. even while charging also it is getting heated.Product is good as hardware point of view, very powerfull hardware at low cost but I am not satisfied with software performance it too much buggy and finally want to say that YU did not kept his promise to give new software update every month. So your phone evolution theory given by Rahul Sharma has failed completely.This mobile is just a s***. I have purchased this mobile but its WIFI doesn't work & mobile restarts continuously. Yurekaa is also not providing support & always provides 2nd hand replacement of mobiles. Don't ever go with the price tag of mobiles. Always purchase branded ones. This mobile works worst than Nokia 1100.I brought 2 mobiles,  one is good another one which I took my father is not good, its not charging, for charging it takes 5 hours, and it becomes very heat, he cont maintain, he is in my native place, I order did on Aug 7 , but 5 days back only I sent it to him. Now there is no return on dis product, wat I will do nowI bought the YU Yureka Plus earlier this month (4-Sep-15). Initially didn't notice any issues with the set but these days it's heating up. Taking 4-5 pictures/ taking one-two small videos/ making 4-5 calls etc. and the phone really heats up. I'm scared and hope it doesn't explode one of these days while I am on call.Awsome phone,very nice touch screen ,sound and camera quality is bestAmazon service was the best,product is delievered within the timeAmazon returned the extra amount once the price of YU Yureka had droppedI must say that u should buy this product from amazon to enjoy excellent serviceI m very thankful to yo companyThis mobile is great great great and great for allAnyone who want to buy just go for it don't think on its heating becs all are saying that it's heat too much. All they are fakeI bought it on 30july sale on amazon and now I see that there is no cons for this mobile.This phone is horrible. It lags a lot. Restart on its own at regular interval of time. Just wanted to change the change the product if I could. Although it has a fancy 2 GB ram and a snapdragon processor but this mobile just hang while multi-tasking. It might be that the problems are with my piece and not others.Device heats up, no clear audio, voice call quality is really bad. I was so happy to get this mobile and I had recommended my husband and friends to buy for which we registered as well. But we cancelled. When I got the mobile I was very happy to see the various features, but the quality of the device is very bad.Phone with many features but not good with quality. battery drains at speed of bullet train. After four hours of full charging it stay for not more than 6 hours if used for some 30-40 minutes call & 30-40 minutes online.  Though it is new piece in my hand but freezes very now and then, don't know for what reason.Phone is very slow for a new phone.Battery life is actually pathetic. If I use it to full brightness with 4G it only lasts 3 hours.May be moto g is better.Feels like a cheap plastic Chinese phone. If you have used good quality phones like iPhone or nexus series then you will not like it for sureYou want to know about this phoneI just want to tell you that this is superb third class phone with 4th class servicesI request you brother and sisterPlz don't buy this phoneI you love your moneyPlz don't waste it on such a stupid productMay God help YouGet well soon YuEverything is just awesome but battery life is just PATHETIC.. it starting draining in 2-3 mins after removing from charger... Either u have to carry power bank along with you or a charger and always seeking current port to charge it...features are good if the battery problem get resolved its just awesome phoneThanks for Amazon for delivering before the estimated time .I have purchased 3-4 yu yureka plus mobile. I am very much fan of cynogen os. I like this mobile  very much.I recommend to buy to try something thing different than android with cynogen os.Only negative is heating issue of this .The Phone is good at this price.But my phone's proximity sensor was not working.When incoming call is there the screen goes black and i can't receive any call.But thanx to techmesto.com :)This site gave me solution of this problem.The battery is overheating even the phone is idle.It shows 8999 but when i do proceed to pay it shows 9999....... WTF!! this is chutiyapaaExcept battery backup and over heating everything is fine.Amazon deliver the mobile in 2 days it should be appreciate.From Yureka to Yureka Plus i d't think so major updates but anyway with in this budget this is good one.Product should be comeup with good battery backup.  #tollynbolly.com # mytecharticle.comDont by this very worst  yu brand,  WORST  & OTTER WASTE CUSTOMER CARE SUPPORT. IF U FACE ANY PROBLEM IN THE MOBILE THAT IS OVER U FORGOT UR MOBILE. I AM  FACING CHARGING ISSUES THIS PROBLEM FOR ONE MONTH MORE. TILL NOW NO USE AT ALL. BEFORE THINK TO BUY THIS VERY WORST YU MOBILES. 1000 % WASTE CUSTOMER CARE.Such a worst product it isI wanted to replace this mobile, forget about meeting expectation, this mobile is much below expectation. While talking on this mobile, person at other end of call cant listen me, voice quality is so poor. Shown my mobile to YU / Micromax Customer care, but of no use. This was wrong decision, wrong purchase.Yureka plus is really good phone. Bought second one. I Already had Yureka. Gud phn worth for price. Very Good performance.But the only con is Amazon.They really not treat there customers like customers. Worst site. They only make fool. Representatives always ready to cancelled the order, rather solved the problem.Yureka please if u really want to raise your phone sale change your online sale partner.Performance is bad.Sound is very less. Battery is having low performance.heating issue.There is a heating problem with just 10-20mins of usage nd the whole software is laggy.This mobile contain features like  Video calls and GPS. Total weight is around 150 gms. Mobile is available in 3 different colors. If you wish you can buy Flip Stand Case Cover for YU Yureka Plus mobile @ http://onlinewebstoreus.com/pudini-goldsand-series-flip-stand-case-cover-for-micormax-yu-yureka/On paper its d best phone available under 9k. But in real world the phone is the worst choice you can make. Get heated up to a level where you just cant hold it and just after 2 months from buying the software started crashing constantly. Just after a few days it broke down, was not able to turn on.VARY BAD EXPEDIENCE....I'M WRITING THIS REVIEW AFTER USING 1 MONTH ..I BOUGHT THIS YU YUREKA PLUS MOONDUST GREY HANDSET FROM AMAZON.IN ON 2ND OCT. ....NETWORK IS THE BIGGEST PROBLEM IN SIM 1 ...POOR BATTERY LIFE ...HANGING ISSUE TOO FACED MANY TIMES...OVERALL A VERY BAD EXPERIENCE WITH THIS HANDSET.V Bad Experience ... Don't want to buy such kind of ph... Evertime I call to anyone it get disconnect every time. Slow n laggy.. Only camera n looks r beautiful. Rest everything is bad. I had Micromax A116 , em using that instead of using this YU new one. Rubbish my money is wasted at the cost of YUreceived the phone in excellent packing, but after instalation, found the set to be heated. further earspeaker was not correct , voice was cracking but over all happy with cynomod .. have request for return and have reorder the fresh set.Hopes that new handset will be problem free.......Hello frndz i honestly feel that for me best phone under 10k.Rear camera as well as front camera  both are good.For me surprising thing was its video recording simply superb.Only concerned in this phone battery draining too fast. Also not quick charging system as in yuphoria model.Battery backup is little disappointing but rest assured it will last 3/4th a day on moderate usage. Screen is grt .back panel gives it a premium feel. Use some app for managing ram for decreasing heat issues during and after playing heavy games..rest everything is working the way it should till now.Worst mobile ever...I had been use...camera quality and battery  problem and whenever I call at YU care they try to me trapped in long call...which I paid too much money....same problem in every set...problem is restart problem...I use a replace mobile...which is too much similar to last mobile....Do n't buy YU company phone ,phone memory and construction is very good but it's battery backup is very worst and 13 mp camera as looking as  a chinese 5mp and in low light and flash it is very worst picture quality.In low light  and in night it does not take any photo.13mp camera but workvis zero.Phone gets heated like hell. and the battery backup is worst. Never go for this phone.Brothers don't buy yureka plus...always hanging...and taking long time for charging...Use less phone battery discharge quicky not quick work not good camera heat very quickIt has heating problems with continuous use even for five minutes. Battery drain fast.It has good quality Camera even at night.has Best performance over 2GB games.Battery performance is also good.....BUTTTTTTT....Consumption of battery is depend upon how much heavy work done by it.(more heavy work more battery consumptions).It takes time for good interference with CYNOGENMODE.Nice phone with lods of feature.. however battery got heated and drained very soon...Regarding the specs the phone seems to be a rock star but after I purchased it its response is very poor to me it respond lazily to my swipes dialler is crashing regularly it is crashing down regularly and  restarts my phone Amazon please help me regarding this....what do you want me to do..!!!!I have bought this phone please who ever is thinking of this phone don't go for it please the heating problem is like a hell you can't keep the phone near your ear during calls. I had made 10 calls to YU customer service but they didnt do anything but thankx to amazon they are giving me refundIam totally fedup with this phone...there were no issues till software upgradation,..after upgraded the character of my phone is totally changed...wi fi not working properly, heating heavily.....if my battery charge is below 20% I cannot access internet...signed strength is very poor......Yureka Plus is an amazing handset, except for the two things -1. Battery life is below average.2. Phone starts heating when connected to WiFi.But at this price, Yureka Plus is still a satisfactory choice. Overall looks and handling is mind blowing.I love this phone.Phn is Gud... No pblm with it.. Best thing abt it is tht it is too light... and slim too... And d only Pblm i faced is of Heating prob wich sometym  makes it laggy...on d othr hand Flexible Settings.. themes r gud...Works fine.. camera quality is betr thn others.. Display is Awssm..Good phone for this price. Camera, display is really cool. Phone gets heated up soon if you play hd games. Kinda have glitches(which will be corrected in next update). And battery backup is poor. Other than these problems, its a nice phone. Very handy, weightless etc etc. Worth the money.Great spec.. Some bugs in CM12... No fix for heating till date..even Subway surfer game is not running smoothly due to FHD screen..i.e. Hight pixel density... Better camera than its rivalries..... 16:9 ratio is not available in high pixel quality of camera which is highly disappointing..Most Hopeless phone ever seen. complete waste of 9000 Rs. It heats up, frequently hangs up, shows error in dialling. what is a use of a phone when you cant make a call when needed? after sales service is bad, offers no help. very disappointing ..... Can anyone suggest any consumer forum?overall the phone is awesome.sometimes heat up due to excessive gaming otherwise its cool.having wifi and data pack on leads to the more drainage of battery. cyanogen 12 is there after uodation the phone will be stable otherwise hang while performing the tasks fast and continuouslyThere's a fault in the phone's hardware and software as well .. I'm facing so many lags , hanging issues , heating problem .. unfortunately stopping of apps .. The phone is a mess .. YU Is unable to replace the device .. They are acting slowly .. I didn't expected this type of service ..Excellent phone for my budget. I'm loving it.performance is took good. Thnq amazonThis mobile is too heat while charging or see any type of videos and playing gamesGood RAM and internal storage (ROM) support . Graphics and display are  good in this competitive price tag . The Rare Camera is not up to the  expectation of 13M Pixel and we do expect  at today's market scenario that it should come up with more battery backup in next generation model .It is value for v money with some setbacksIt hangs a lot!Especially the dialer and no improvements despite sending error reportsBattery back up is not great. Full charging will not last for 12 hrs without using vedios or games.It needs lots of improvisationI have used this phone for few hours and returned to Amazon Imediately. The phone is really good at this price but overheaing is the major problem of chipset. Some other problems are-- bad touch, camera quality not so good in night and improper performence.. Yu must resolve this issue..This is having very low capacity battery hence needs charging time to time and the mobile gets heated while using internet.After upgrading the OS the system regularly restarted and hanged. Restarting take time although it is having 2GB ram.The warranty service is very slow.Massive heating problem when seeing vedio or surfing in 4G.Heat going up to 70 degree and the phone goes out of control.50 degree heating is normal for this phone.Amazon please do some thing to solve this problem.I do not want to return the product.Wating for a solution from your part.For this mobile The OS mentioned are 1) Cyanogen OS & 2) Android OS, v4.4.4 (KitKat) which upgradable to v5.1 (Lollipop).However, I tried to upgrade the Android OS, it was not at all updated. Also, There is no Cyanogen OS present in the mobile.Overall Remaining features Its ok .Display is not as good as some of the reviews tout it to be.Colour reproduction is not as good and it comes out to be washed out.Dont take it wrong, its a great value for money. But dont go with huge expectations from screen or you will not have as many reasons to love it.Need a better camera. Mega Pixel does not matter (2MP = full HD), need a better sensor.Still it does not support eCompass. Yes some people needs it. I am a yureka 1st. gen. user. I see no actual reason to buy this.Hope YU comes with a better device within same price range.It is very good and the features of the phone meets all aspect which we are looking for but the thing is it does not contain compass and the battery back up is also low while comparing with other products. Some kind of TRACKING built in software must be provided for security purpose.Jhand phone h .There were folowing issues :-1. Heating problem .2. Battery backup .3. Issues in Wifi and software .1-star for Amazon service, return and refunded in single day .I request micromax to please recall this piece of s*** and if possible relaunch Yureka only .This phone does not having cynogen mode and its running in the old kitkat version.. No updates avilable.. Battery is draining fast.. If we use continues net it wil shut down in 4-5 hours. All over that its not user friendly ..We have to go the settings for on and off auto rotation..see am using yureka us since 3 months, franjly speaking, it is a good phone.Yes it do heats but u know, when u buying something at low price u should be able to compramise on something. camera amazing , gaming amazing, thing is u should know how to deal with gadgets , whatever u buyPhone is okeish.not up to the mark.slow at times.I don't think they give 2gb of ram.heats up too soon that YU can't keep it in your pocket.and the auto correct which changed my "you" to YU every time and this autocorrect can't be changed.go for another phone instead.dig deepvery good phone... for rating i will give 5 out of 5..thanks to AMAZON....IT'S AWESOME.CAMERA IS GOOD.SUPERFAST.AT END FULL SATISFACTIONBoth the cameras are bad in comparison with other phone cameras. 13 mega pixel camera's results are very poor. Pictures are not sharp. 5 mega pixel camera has noise (grains). Returning the phone in 5 days. Also battery backup is poor. Above all every one knows this phone heats up.I received my phone in just 3 days...awesome delivery... Phone's look and performance is up to the mark if u knw how exactly to use ur phone. Only issue is heating.. It starts heating while playing  games and using wifi during call... But other than this no issue at all... (Y) ;)I bought yureka and I compare with my friend mobile lenovo k3 note but camera quality everything YU yureka is best.and i like it's beast processor and has 2 GB ram it will never hang even though I play gangster Vegas it will not stuck.. It is a best phone compare to MI and lenovoReally Bad phone to use, and poor quality, display broken within 10 days, and no warranty for display and damages even if its not caused due to accident...Amazon doesn't give the warranty terms about this...Please don't  buy by checking out the ads....Its all fake...value for money . battery back is low. handset become hot during 10 minutes usescreen gone blank for incoming/outgoing calls. Returned and refunded. Nothing short of disappointment.ConsNot look like 13 megapixel camera. Camera is bad2. Cynogen Os is ok ok.3. Touch is ok ok. Typing not smooth.4. Display not like 1080p .5. Overheating issues on just mobile data on.6. Battery will not last if such overheating occurs.no, not at all. getting too much heating problem, battery issue(draining too fast) and the most important that the device is getting hanged too many times, even u can imagine my situation whne i m trying to call some person it is taking a while to process call and start the ui.Excellent Item.First I purchased YU after using 4 months, I purchased YU Plus.Very nice Display, stylish and Cynogen Mod updates are really good for this.during 5.1.1 upgrade there was a battery issue but it was quickly fixed and now this is good.Not very great phone. Sometimes hangs a black screen appears. And the battery drains so quickly does not even last for 1 day if u use normally. Heating is with every phone so not a new issue. Highly customizable phone. Overall not satisfied. Back panel is also not scratcproof.When existing customer will get 1k voucher?Check the below news.TOI : YU Yureka Plus gets a price cut - YU Yureka Plus gets a price cuthttp://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/tech/tech-news/YU-Yureka-Plus-gets-a-price-cut/articleshow/48327651.cms via @timesofindiaI am  not satisfied with the battery life. Over all product quality is premium level but the battery just make the Yureka drown in the competition. I want to return the mobile but it's now too late as Amazon allows return upto ten days only. Wasted my money. You please don't.I agree it has some heating issues. However its a value for money. Go for it!!Disappointed, particularly after buying a good earlier version.  This 'plus' has become a 'minus' after a major OS Sinogen update.  Worst part is, in phone calls related displays, details are printed in almost white letters over a white background!!?? LoL, just cant read it.This phone is reasonably good. However, very poor audio, speakers overload at lie volume, microphone echo is irritating for the caller at the other end. Spasms and freezes sometimes. Gets quite hot.Poor build quality when it comes to audio. Look and feel is good.I'm I trouble that charging of battery get finished very early in 2-3 hours without much use,And another problem is heating,if I use for 5-7 minute continuesly it gone heated like fire ball.  I'm in big trouble after purchasing yu yureka plus.Kindly help me...Heating promblem is main issue but sometimes hangs a lot which can be a major setback of the phone.Bugs issue are major.Battery life less than yureka older version.Camera is excellent in range of 10k.But on comparing with k3 note it has some issuesI am not giving review for amazon or their services.In a Yu+ everything is ok look features but their main problem is battery issue,according their screen size battery power is 2500 MH is very poor.it is gives only 6 hrs battery backup.You can not travel with this phone.very bad in audio, phone hangs and cant do multitasking, hots up, call drop ... wasted my money...plz plz dont buy.. alwz go for standad phone SAMSUBG, LG IPHONE etc .. just used for 50 days and problem started,  SW is hard to use... i want to return but its not allowingWorst phone ever. I just bought Yureka. It works nice in starting. After few time this phone sucks. Waste of money. Proximity censor issue,Heating problems. In my phone even videos doesn't play! You won't get any response from customer care. This phone is waste of money.After so many feedbacks and reviews also the heating issue is still persisting. Why the yu  and cyanogen engineers are not addressing this problem which is clearly downgrading their product in the market. Phone is getting heated st earpiece which is quite not acceptable.i decided to buy this mobile due to 2 reasons, one due to 16gb internal memory and 2500Mh battery which would last for atleast 2 days, but in fact the battery life lasts for one day with my frequently checking mails... but other then that its a good mobile to go with...I buy yureka and m just loving it.  It works awesome and a bugetable  phone.Average Phone...gets restarted in-between....at least 2-3 times a day! Frustrating! Speakers stops working in-between..When contacted with Micromax service center, they said, they don't repair YU phones. Need to get help from customer care from your mobile.Battery draining very speedly. if use mobile more than 10 minutes than start facing mobile heating issue. more over, also not having any photo editing option from galery like any other all branded or non branded mobiles. in short, totally unsatisfied from this product.Good mobile at this price point plus good features plus good and brilliant camera.it is speed as well as good lollipop android.So this is best ever smart phone .Only one con is battery life .Nothing than that all over a first class mobile...Really a CRAP product from Micromax*first impression i love it.Now i feel very bad*Battery drains very fast.*within 10 hours no usage,50% of my charging is decreased (STANDBY battery mode)I suggest you Don't Buy this crap productA wonderful phone. I bought it in July 2015. But, heats like a pan when taking calls or after charging, but only sometimes, not always. Camera is good in daylight only. Screen is superb. Lags sometimes while playing some games. UI is great. A good buy for 9 grand.On loading updates and two games the phone started getting very hot , the battery got discharged within two hours even though the phone was idle.Also the display would blank out.Now  have uninstalled all the updates and the games.let's see how the phone work's nowNot a good product. Over heats just on clicking 2-3 pics.Every few minutes shows blue vertical lines on black background and restarts automatically.Finally, returned the product within 2 days of usage.Don't waste your money in buying this phone.I always concerned about the touch of these phones (micromax), but to my surprize i found it fine near to HTC. I like variety of operations/customization in Cyanogen that are not in Android.Overall more than what expected as not much hope with this :)Plz suggest me what to do, my phone gets very heat upto 52 Degree C aft using 5-10 min. Also battery drails very soon & takes time 5-6 hr to charge fully. Even if its switched off incharging gets heat. I want to use this ph, plz suggest me how to solve this issueVery disappointed with the RAM management of this Yureka plus even Yuphoria have better RAM management..After installing few apps free Ram is only 800 mb but same  number of apps in my Yuphoria and it have 1.2gb of free Ram.other performance are Good.Really there are 2 problem with this phone.1.Produces heat like an iron box even for the capturing of a photo.2.Battery drains too fastly without any usages.But the amazone refund service is a very good service as they refunded my cash within 24hrs of return.1. This product is heating too much you can feel the heat instead of voice while  receive a call, 2. This product showing the blank screen while recive a call you can not see who is calling,I am thinking about to returned the product to seller,dont buy this phone. its very lagging. somany bugs. it says system uibstopped frequently.. the lagging is unbearable sometime. battery perfomance and display is good. but the phone gets heated up unbearably.. dont buy the phone.. for for better or nothingi really hate this product it got 3 times replacement due to bad quality inspection from manufacturer and main drawback is over heating and bad proximity function in all three phones dont buy this by seeing this cool spec you will suffer after buying thishttps://www.amazon.in/review/review-your-purchases?_encoding=UTF8&asins=B00H99JW68%3A2%2CB00DQG9DDU%2CB00M55C0LK&channel=ec_phy&crAuthToken=gLWfRLHbJAoYa9alQwlAI2V8pQe48v4E2WKUTZAAAAAFAAAAAFYUgwhyYXcAAAAA&customerId=AUNPVMLFTPHCQ&ref_=pe_439361_83218511#i buyed a yu yureka plus mobile .but after 7 days it didnt works further...the handset was shutdowns...  PROS:DISPLAY EXCELLENT....TOUCH EXCELLENT....SOUND ULTIMATE......CONS:GETS HEATED,FOR COMPLETE CHARGING IT TAKES 5 HOURS....BATTERY BACKUP WEAKYou will love the mobile the time you first open it....Everything is kool about it...no heating problem for me...only thing is 2500mah battery for this mobile is little less...Once a day or 3 times in 2 days you need to charge if you make it work hard...Real beast...thumbs up..full hd,awsome finish,octacore snapdragon(really roars)..overall nice packge for 10k..few cons-poor battry backup,heating,avrage rear shooter...hats off for amazon team-express delivery and custmr support..i'm a grt fan of u guyzzBought mobile for my little brother who is a game lover but mobile fails to perform.Heats very quickly even u play a video.Mobile is have pros like build quality,good battery life, cyanogen OS ,camera. But not satisfied with its performance.Hi,I have purchased Yu Yureka Plus from Amazon. Now I am facing a problem in Yu Yureka Plus :-1)Automatically heat2)Automatically battery discharge(without do anything 100% battery discharge in 1 Hr)3)HangThanksAwesome phone .... Gr8 cam and music performance... And battery cosumtion is also low.... So this is the best phone in affordable range... Why you spent 20000 when you will get all features and performance in 9000. .. Go for it.... It is best phone ....It has heating issues.  The screen gets completely blacked out while incoming calls. I used it for a day and my experience of this mobile was to put it mildly 'a disaster'.Amazon service was great but this phone in my opinion is NOT a durable one.If u are photo lover I suggest u not to buy this... The camera is of worst quality... Very worst for 13mp... Other features are good... But think twice before going for yureka plus... In focus m2 gives a better camera when compared to yureka...Bought this mobile since it's an INDIAN product, but now feeling bad for it.Mobile gets heated up very fast.. Battery dies down in a single day even without usage..Edit option in Gallery does not work.Camera seems to be good.I'm unable to understand why my mobile is performing slowly as said it has 2 GB ram but its too slow even while typing also,it heats the most and takes longer time to fully charged ...help me out to make my mobile perform speeder and correctlyGot this phone in3days hats off...to amazon..the phone is gud looking and decent but started heating furiously when fired up the camera..... Continuously heated and usage over WiFi for installing apps....better to buy if this issue us resolvedPhone heats up real bad when on call. Had to disconnect the call after 2 minutes as the heat was unbearable and thought it would burn my ear. Dissappointed with the product's capability to handle basic phone operation. Good Camera and display.RAM and ROM, Display is good.Camera (rear) is average.  Speaker output is also average.Battery is the biggest drawback for this phone. It charges slower and drains faster.After seven days my phone dialer not working properly.I bought new yureka plus but its loud speaker not working. No ringtone when calls coming and no notification tone. And I decide to return the item. And I received a message that the item will picked up by 29 July 2015, but no response till nowIt hangs a lot ....battery issue ....and can't answer call on time ....please do something ....otherwise I am gonna sell my phone ...I am not satisfied with yureka plus- moondust grey ....SORRY._____Clovis Rebello from India _____Its a good product. Touch screen is very smooth. Battery should have been of more amph capacity, for the phone with 5.5 inch screen only 2500 amph is not sufficient. Display is little blueish shade. Overall its a better product for the price.An average phone, but worth the money.. Gets too hot when u speak even for 5 min (Common issue with most Octa core phones) Gaming appears to be good. Home screen is lag free, but apps menu is very laggy. It is very light for a 5.5" phone.I just received the Phone morning.I am fully satisfied with the amazon delivery and the product quality. Value for Money. I am music lover i just loved the clarity of sound. Five star rating for Amazon speedy delivery and Phone quality.Been using this for over a week. The phone overheated to such extent that it has bricked. The touch is unresponsive now, and a headache to use .Reading others review i think everyone has the same problem or other. Trying to refund asap!This phone is average plus.Looks good.It's really light. However...It does hey really hot.Hangs pretty oftenSensitivity is sluggish.At, 9k one would have expected more. Sadly the Micromax legacy continues.Don't buy this (yureka PLUS). I have been using yureka ( old model) since it launched, it is  an excellent phone. So, I bought onether Yureka Plus, but I think they just PLUS heat. In short phone is heating abnormally high. I'm disappointed.I'm having trouble in my yureka plusBattery automaticly drains after 20 %Data cable is not workingCharger is not workingBattery backup is veery lowSometimes speaker gives uneaven soundIt charges very slowIts has very good and advanced features and surfing speed is very good and all about it is the best.Where is others same features smart  phones is too price then less price YU Plus is the perfect  for me.Thanks for YU Plus Team!Received my YY+ yesterday... Unboxed it (box was old and had a plain cello tape,  the YU seal had already been broken before,  probably to fit the scratch guard on phone),  found a phone with marks on the screen and a dirty back,  the chord and the charger were open too,  plastic lying beside them. Assuming the low cost angles,  though in surprise but I ignored,  cleaned it, charged it and moved on. Configured the phone for a while (must say the 30/40 minute use, it for was really impressive,  though the back heat was high).Now comes the shock,  I clicked few snaps and checked the gallery.  There were already about 20 snaps of some family with a kid in the phone, seemed like a slum area as per the snaps.As a natural reaction I did delete the snaps, did the factory reset and thought of making it a new one but just couldnt get out of my system that its a used phone already mis handled (God knows where). I paid for new one,  got  an old one. I complained,  return has been initiated,  apology received; but in the world of exclusivity I would rather blame Amazon more than Yu Yureka for my experience .  It is Amazons goodwill which is at stake.  YuYureka hardly been known out here. And an experience like this,  just makes the belief stronger of not going for unknown brands,  look at the experience I just had!Sad!!!Here is my review after the two weeks of usageI was really confused before buying this phone as I was also considering Lenevo  K3 Note as well.But I went ahead and bought this phone.  I am writing this review after two weeks of usage.First thing First The basic requirement/function of a phone is to call someone and receive someones call. I am really surprised after seeing the issue with the proximity sensor. You cannot end the call by yourself as screen goes off while calling and does not come up when you want to disconnect the call. I have to use power button to end the call. This raises the question that even a basic testing is done or not for this phone and as per my experience its not. I had read about this kind of reviews about the proximity sensor as I did not believe that brand like Micromax will roll out a phone without testing  basic calling function of the phone. Please consider this before buying as phone as it fails to provide a really basic function.Look and Feel Look of the phone is great.Display The Yureka+ has a Full HD 1080p display which is really sharp and bright. No complaints about the display.Camera No complaints about the camera also. Both cameras are good.Battery It has 2500 mAh battery. Honestly for the full HD screen of 5.5 its really less capacity and battery should have been with some more capacity. I had read really bad reviews about the battery life before buying but battery is not that stupid and works for 12 hours of normal usage like little bit use like wifi/3g/4g, gaming, video watching and normal amount of calling. But if you are a game addict then this phone is not for you. You cannot expect too much within 9000 Rs.Heating I dont think its major issue as per hyped by some people. All the android phones heat up a little on extensive use while video watching, gaming. This phone is also not an exception.Sound Sound quality is just average nothing great about it.Overall I will not recommend this phone to anyone as it fails to provide basic functionality of calling. Just dont see the price also consider the user experience. Micromax should really invest some time and money to test the products before roll out. I still cannot believe that there are really stupid issues with this phone. I feel I should have bought Lenevo K3 Note which I also considered as a good choice.Note-I have heard from many of my friends that they had a terrible service experienced at Micromax service center. It can take months to take the replacement of the phone if anything goes wrong with the phone.In that case if you already have the Micromax phone just wish you dont get in any trouble with the phone. I case you get in then be patient for months to get your crappy phone back.Don't waste your money on this s***ty phone. Rather spending on this spend your money on needy peoples. Here are my views:-1. Those customers who are planning to purchase this s***ty mobile please beware that you are wasting your money. There is no YU customer care  center available all over India. They are providing you online service.2. They will give online solutions and thus when due to their given solutions your cell becomes dead then no customer care will help you. Whenever you make a call the same repeated line comes we will arrange a call for you but no one cares to call.3. Please note they will not repair your cell they will replace your cell with the repaired one. Example If you purchased a new cell and you have received a faulty piece then they are not going to replace it with sealed box. We have spend money on new device and if the piece is faulty it has to be replaced with new one. But their companies policy they will replace it with repaired one with no YU seal on it.4. Hanging problem is the major issue in yureka plus. It hangs frequently and thus total waste of money.5. Whenever you make a call or disconnect a call it takes 2-3 seconds to response.6. Heating problem is the major issue in Yureka Plus.7. Another major problem is software installation from Google play store. Once the downloading process completes after that installation process bar keeps on moving and moving and at last you have to cancel the installation.8. Paid Softwares-------------------------------------------->>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>  Dear all please do not install paid software on your YUREKA PLUS cell reason it will be difficult for you to shift your paid softwares to another cell as I mentioned in point number 3 that they will replace your handset with repaired one and they are not going to repair your original cell. And if again you received a faulty piece then it will be very difficult for you to shift your paid software again and again because it is registered for only one device.Mine personal experience is very Bad with YU. Their customer care are very non professional. For every question you ask them will keep you on hold for 1 min to answer and at last calls end with no solution. I received this cell on 12 Aug 2015 and I am facing problem since from day one. I am not happy with their service. My cell is dead due to their online given solution from last 7 days. Till date I haven't received any call from YU due to which I am returning it back to AMAZON.The YU Yureka Plus ReviewThe handset is the best one..The most best part in it is the headphone it is awesome..!! Really Awesome..Don't no why didn't anyone mentioned about it.. But really high or very very high quality headphone...(paisa vasul )Camera is also good to have click's but front one is satisfactory..About flash yes it also a good one..Battery ya it ends lill bit early and charge slowly .. Takes up to 3-4 hours for charging completely..Yes phone heats a lill bit but not so much as other reviews like water boiler, iron or sumthing else..Yes the screen or display is full HD .. Else the screen/display has a little bit of gap between touch screen/body level and the display..Yu Yureka owner or maker had made a mistake that they haven't put any name of company on the front upper side i.e below front camera or speaker.. It would have made a YU yureka plus a new brand..else..The handset I received was used while packing in YU company by their workers.. The worker clicked some photos and they are in my phone till now.. Look the pics taken while packing the phone..Sub:-  Ridiculous Yu Yureka customer care service -Ref:- Complaint ID  1091044Dear Amazon,I would like to inform you about the problems that i have been facing since I made a bad decision to purchase an Yu Yureka cell phone from you. In short, the story is all follows.I brought the Cell Phone about four months back. One day it fell from the table by accident, and its display got totally broken, with big cracks all over. Its said that the phone's display panel is made up of Gorilla glass, but I wonder why it shattered like this ?Comparing with the Gorilla glass test videos, the phone looks like it must've fallen from ten stories high to break like this. In fact, it fell down from a normal regular coffee table and i wonder why it break like this ! I think it's better you tell the Yu Yureka guys to name the glass they are using  as infant / baby gorilla glass  because, based on the quality of the above said glass used by Yu Yureka and how it shattered, i think  a even a new born baby can scratch and break it.Well , but thats not the complaint im having right now.I have contacted the Yu Yureka customer service team the very first day itself, and registered the complaint, and there is where the fun part begins. Even though the phone is under warranty, i asked them to either replace the broken part, or change the part and i will pay for it. But each and every time , they give the same answer ie:  Wait for 3 more days Sir .Some times i wonder, is it a human being on another end, or is it a robot who is programmed to answer every thing as  wait for 3 more days Sir because i have been calling for over a month to hear the same answer from the Yu Yureka customer service team.They continuously switch the call between the technical side and to the support side, and i wonder how people can be this dumb ? Every time i have to tell this whole story and again my call get transfered to the technical people, who seems to be in a competition between themselves to prove  that who is more dumber than the other. Finally , after hours in the phone , they  burbs out the same answer  Wait three more days Sir .You know what amazon, If i saved the money that ive been spending for making phone calls to Yu Yureka customer support, i could have brought a S6 and saved all the peril.More over, I came to know that there are no authorized service centers or personnel for  Yu Yureka any where in kerala. The thing is that, they offer you a cell phone and totally ignores you once you made the purchase. When ever I call the customer care team, they either bluff about some thing and more over will keep up a good show like the line is not clear and they cant hear any thing. Eventually they will put you on hold and cut the line.Amazon, what i want to ask is that, what shall i do ?They don't have any service center, they don't have the parts, they don't have a proper customer care system, and even if I asked them that i will pay to repair they don't even have a single person in there to respond. How can you guys list such a company like Yu Yureka on your product line which sells cheap and sub standard products with total negligence to customer what so ever. If they don't have a service network on a consumer state like Kerala, then why the hell are they selling the phone here on the first place. I think you guys should either ban this company called Yu Yureka from your product listing based on the above said facts.In the mean time, i request all the people not to but any thing from this idiotic company any more. Once you get the phone, then you are on your own, even a slight fall will break the phone and there wont be a soul any where to assist you any how.The best thing to do i believe is that, if you buy a Yu Yureka mobile phone and something happens to it , either you burn it , or Dig a hole on the ground and bury the god damn thing.They even says that, I can bring this issue to amazon and they don't give a damn, or else can file a case at the consumer court.So, dear amazon, I'm bringing up the question one more time..What shall i do ?Shall i forward it to the court ? Or can you guys be any help ?Either assist in solve this issue, or do ban this stupid company from your listing.So what I'm going good to talk about is for normal general people not very much into tech. This phone is quite nice and according to me what you get for your money is nice like 8/10(my score, that's almost the highest score I give). Your looking for a 10000rs range phone this is it. It can be called the best phone in its range currently. Now some interesting things(maybe a little technical)  but its, the only Indian phone within 10k running cyanogen mod which can be told one of the best android os skin currently and cyanogen mod does not have many bloatwares(pre installed apps which cannot be removed like Samsung phones have many Samsung apps pre installed which cannot be removed. Let's talk about camera, nice camera though it is not something very special than other same ranged phones, MI note 4G has same quality of camera but you can tell it has one of the best cameras at this range. Screen is also quite nice. The design is nice as well and what I like is the moondust grey back, which looks quite nice and rich and also handy. Now the bad side is overheating issues are there but they are in many phones at this range.I bought yureka plus on the first sale. And I am pretty happy with the device.Pros1. The overall foam factor is nice and sturdy and feels nice to hold.2. The display is the main highlight of the device. It is crisp and sharp and brightness level are good.3. The camera is really decent in this price bracket and can take some good looking pictures4. Cyanogen os is also one of the main selling point of YU brand and it delivers. The os is really one of the best in the business. You can do some serious customization with it.Cons1. Firstly the most serious problem is the laginess in overall performance. The stuttering while unlocking the phone to the opening of app drawer there is a bit of lag. I have used yureka also and it is nowhere similar to the performance of yureka even yuphoria for that matter is Superior in performance department. Let's hope an OTA update will fix this up.2. The battery life is below average and I am a moderate user but after 6-7 hours of using the device the battery reaches at 15% so i t didn't last a day for me. The battery charges in around 3 hours. So the charging time is decent.3. The heating is somewhat resolved in yureka plus maybe because I am using a back cover that's why I am not feeling it but yeaa heating is not very prominent except for gaming it does get heat up while playing games.4. Speaker quality is decent if not good. At full volume speaker does most of the jobs. But again the yuphoria sounds way better than yureka plus. The headphone jack is nice and can give some serious output.Conclusion:-So after using yureka plus for a week I am writing this review and I am happy with the device because the cost you are paying for this phone neglects all the cons. And i have given 4 stars because It is fulfilling my purpose of buying it..we have purchase the mobile now good support & good camra quality.This is the most dump mobile phone ..I had ever used ...it get more than 50 time hang in a day ...not working properly..calling problem. Voice call is a big problem ,the other side caller can't hear one voice clearly.....# most dump phone.One of the best phones you could buy under 10000 and now as it is just available for 8999,  one should not miss this chance to grab this this fantabulous deal and get this adorable and user friendly phone in your hand as soon as you can...good phne in this range , looks wise nd features arrangement is good ,CALIBRATE AND USE IT WITH NO PROBLEMONLY HEATING WHILE PLAYING VIDEOS OR GAMESI M USING ALL THE COMMAN APPS, EVERYTHING IS GOING WELL  ''''Not upto the Specs..Got it on deal day.Heating issue is really severe,Cant even put the phone while callingBattery lasts for hardly 12-15 hrs at stand byPerformance  is not upto the mark but works fine with high end gamesDisplay of the phone is very sharp, but when u see images or videos of full HD resolution it disappoints us. Heating problem is as it described by other customers. Please dont buy if u expect the same specification as described in website.dont go for this phonemuch heating problem. battery backup is very poor , customer care support very badcygnogen os also very bad impressioncamera quality like 5 mpinstead of this go for lenovo k3 note .. best phoneThe display of the phone is g8!However the phone faces serious heating issues. Even 5 minutes of game usage starts to heat up the phone, near the camera area. Battery too drains quickly, comparatively. Charging takes a lot of time too!!!The worst Android phone ever. Full Heating. Lot of lag. and the phone is Hanging. Frequent buyer for Amazon, but definitely not satisfied with this product for Amazon as the return policy is limited to 10 days only. Worst experience ever.The phone is fast and easy to use.But it has heating problem.I give only two star because. Phone is getting heat and they incorrectly charged me RS 9999 instead of RS 8999, and gave the 1000 as a gift card, not as a cashA good android mobile under affordable price. Amazon.in shipped it on time & safely, though the product had a few minor problem like proximity sensor wasn't caliberated accordingly to android lollipo 5.1 which was further corrected easilyPros :1.display2.quality3.smooth touch4.speed5.cam is ok at this price but not looking for 13 mp6.cyanogenCon's :1.battery was draining quickly , I would be better if it was 3000 mAh batteryI have purchased this item from amazon but not opened for about 20 days than i opened the product and used than i came to know that it is heating very much and amazon is not taking it back saying that we have return policy of only 10 daysI have used this phone for two days and returned to Amazon. The phone is really good at this price but overheaing is the major problem of chipset. Some other problems are-- bad touch and improper performence.. Yu must resolve this issue..YU yureka is a great phone under 10k. It has great features. I am using this phone for past 6 month sand till now I didn't face any issues.And special kudos to Amazon team for delivering this phone before the expected delivery date.Exceptional specifications At this price range but phone does heat up during usage. Better battery would definitely have helped. Camera quality is good. Flash support during video recording can do wonders to indoor shoots. So far so good.Worst phone.Heats heavily when I open playstore or any games.Battery last only 18 Hrs.Flash and camera are not synchronized.  During night photo shoot flash coming but picture is dark.Proximity sensor not working.Everything is okey,fine about specification,delivery but not happy with it's battery.It is a heater believe me.I kindely request to the company that please do something about it's battery and heating problem.Find the solution.ThanxHeats up while taking photos. Charging speed is poor takes 4 hrs to charge from 0-100% Poor Proximity Sensor used. Battery drains fast even if no usage. Front camera and cynogen mod is the best in this phone. Phone is highly customisableI brought this for my wife and she have been using  it for 2 months. Everything about the phone is perfect. Cool looks , good camera, phone is fast and snappy and light weight. Five stars for this. Excellent and fast delivery by amazon.I doubt about the processor they use as they have mentioned 600snapdragon 2GB ram and all. The phone hangs and is slow when we watch a video. Also the gallery crashes most of the time. I have asked for refund. I am done with this phone.Every thing about this phone is very good. It is light, fast and smart but the only thing which disappoints me is its battery life. It gets drained out very quickly. I like this phone very much but please try to improve the battery....+ points :1. Decent buy in the budget of 10K.. It tops among its competitors in the same price range.2. Battery is not bad as I expected earlier .. Its very good in fact, and lasted approx. 40 hours with moderated usages- points :1. Looks are not very great !!! Its average, and I would prefer white color over moondust grey2. "Camera" is not great at all (neither rear, not front)..  Those who are looking for a nice camera in a smartphone, please look for another option...3. Heating problem .. Just installing 3 applications heated the area near rear camera .. though it got cooled down in 3-4 minutes..things I will miss in this phone (ie. the phone couldn't been better with these):1. Gestures2. Back cover, a metallic one or at least embodied with the metal rings (same as yuphoria)I am using this product since past 3 days, Bought this after my Lenovo S820 was damaged.Camra is awesome in day time but if u click pic in dark with flash light all pic got bluish or redish and second drawback is you can't set sd card as your default storage some items goes in phone memory and goes in sdcard  ...........my honest review friends ,phone is low weight, front and back camera is nice,its support otg but battery is getting low if we play game,battery back up only for 2 days only for normal use and if play game heavily means its get heated.Phone is very good. Even heating is not issue for me as some people complained. My only issue is  the underpowered battery. They should have included 3000mAh battery. For me, it is lasting max. 16 hrs without activating battery saver.PLEASE DONT PURCHASE MICROMAX MOBILES. I PURCHASED YU YUREKA MOBILE THROUGH AMAZONE. ON THE FIRST DAY ITSELF  ITS  CHERGER  GOT  FUSED  WITH A SOUND . SEVERAL TIMES I CONTACTED MICROMAX CUSTOMER CARE . BUT STILL IT  WAS  NOT  REPLACEDbest worst service..cant say anything...my handset is not working well from last 55 days and yu yureka dont help me for the same..so the best worst service...i hate yu yureka...customers are very harrased ...they cheat with customers3 problems in yureka 1.too toooooooo poor battery life .take 8hours for full charge.2 heat too much.3 lack sometimes. Except this phone is awesome. Final verdict don't buy it for its too poor battery life .Wait for redmi note 2 primeAwsome mobile for customization lovers. app drawer is not good but i installed KK Launcher, now my mobile looks sexy with new look. I like this mobile. video and photos from this mobile are more than my expectations. simply superb:-)Its just OK. Don't go on specification only.battery backup is not Good.ram is 2GB but phone is not working like that.Phone is hanged every day once.heating phone is very big issue. But it support HD n screen resolution is excellent.The phone back cover heats up. Battery back up is poor. Otherwise back camera is good. No reply from YU customer care till date. Maybe they don't want to expand their business. This unprofessionalism will really hurt their business.I am not sure if I made the right decision buying this mobile, i went for the reviews about configuration and style.... but style always doesnt help... the phone has major problems with charging issues, phone hanging and rebooting.Creepy phone... just waste of money... please don't buy this mobile's ... i brought 2 piece and both are too much heating and battery problem... I am returning both items to amazon and refund my money...Giving 0 star...I'm buy this has Amazon but buy after 15 day is hang and restart am Contect yureka servish centre but not servish my cell phone and call amazone not slow my problem I don't no how to solw my problem very thread not buy this productIts getting too hot within a very short duration. Overall, the product is well built, and has good specifications for this price segment. But, YU has to improve on the Yureka Plus's heating issues, and provide updates for the same.Having prob in display light while getting call & Heating ISSUEGood overall, but one problem is overheating, any solution ?it is a awesome phone.i loved it when i buyed it. the heating problem is less than the starting it has been 2 or 3 month form the date i buyed it and its battery is also good it is totally awesome. hadsoff yu and micromaxI loved the phone outlook camera if good but could have worked more on it, one major drawback is while charging the phone it gets over heated and also while playing games, sometimes phone gets slow and after it works fineExpected a wonderful experience,but its performance is giving me a headache.Its battery is draining like crazy and i suppose that the device is defective.I expect a replacement by a new piece.Please see to it immediately.Expectation not fulfilled1. Heating issue2. Very slow process, even having good processor.3. During call screen goes blank.4. During file uploading on facebook, whatsapp sometimes device restartedIts a real shitt....battery sucks...you have to make new user everytime to change accounts...themes not so impressive....n phone was hanging....omg...Thnk god amazon took it back!! I love amazon services though....Hi frds don't buy this fhone beacose yu start camera  fhone hitting and u start entrant and so hitting fhone but camera cvolity good features  are good good fhone nice look light weight  but main problem  hitting hittingyureka plus is getting heat up more than 50 C even while charging, talking over, browsing. I had returned back my phone in 12 days since it frighten me one day giving heat around 60 C while upgrading itself, rest are ok.Worst experience. The phone got dead due to some heating issue. From the first day itself my brand new Yu Yureka Plus getting heated like gas stove. On the very 1st day I launched one complain to Amazon about the same. Amazon support suggested me to place a return request and place a new order for the same. But as I ordered this product during the independence day offer day period, I wanted Yu support to replace my handset. From last 3 days (16 Aug 2015) I am continuously calling the Yu support team regarding my handset problem, but no result. I am fed of this. I suggest not to go for Yu mobile as the after sales service is horrible. There is no service center for Yu till now. One has to call them and get the problem resolved through call only. Yu tag line is "GOD MODE ENABLED". But actually it should be "BHAGWAAN BHAROSE" No Support at all.All things are good except heating problem..It just like a small iron box.After played even small memory game.. Unable to speak directly because of heat, also charge not 100% full even it is charged fr 6 hr.Purchase moodust grey it is just cheap phone it base 2 GB ram but it is hang many times in a day  or restart also. Voice clarity during call is very bad and battery is running only 4 hrs and it has heating problem also.Bought the phone on independence day sale, Its already over 25 days, Battery backup is so pathetic, Phone heats in few mins, Rest everything is working smooth but as i would prefer the battery backup should be more.....i got the phone in one day after ordering in amazon.  at first started to heat quickly and drain battery easily without usage.  after rooting my phone i am now able to control the  heat and battery without any problems.Phone gets bit laggy at times.. Heats up alot while gaming for long time. Can't set the desired song as a ringtone. Should be recovered in the next update. Poor after sales service... I'm not that happy with this phone.I am not at all happy with the purchase of yu yureka plus thru flash sale, when I planned to buy it for my friend today.....it is showing 8999 instead....would appreciate if you can refund Rs.1000 as a good will gestureOVER HEATING & AUTOMATIC CALL DISCONNECTING VERY SLOW PHONENot happy with the performance of mobile, so many issues are there such as can't access messages, always getting error. Phone book is not accessible easily, showing not able to open. Overheating even no app is running.Nice product in price range with all features, camera is also nice, some heating problem but overall nice product. I liked after sales service if Amazon also, they care customers and  value service. I appreciate AMOZONWorst is a small word for this phone. Whenever you need a application, you will see a message that "unfortunately system stops working." AND this phone will move no further.Save your money stay awayExcellent budget mobile.. Cyanogen rockzzz..Major advantage is customizing.. Major disadvantage is phone getting heated.. overall awesome.. loved to use.. Lets God Play with YU/Micromax #Cyanogen #Android #Micromax #YUTotal s*** by Micromax...these guys try everything to remain low quality brand. Tried this brand once by purchasing this phone but never going to buy or recommend to anybody. Micromax - You lost this customer for ever.its a good phone under this range...hardware is solid...big processor thts y little heating..(common for all smartphones)..camera is good..OS is also good..it doesn't have lags ..overall go for it... its a nice thing..Why do they need those home and Back Buttons if Lollipop is Providing it By DefaultIt is getting heated very soon during charging and usage. When we called customer care they said it is only for 10 days for return. Where  Other e commerce sites provide 30 days replacement warranty No.1 waste mobile.The mobile is not so much of good..bought on 19 August an facing lots of prb like heating prb the mob gona hang an so slow ... Alsmodt like that it is not so much of good idia to buy it... Micromax need to see these..A superb product from Yu. Value for money. Camera is an improved one. Touch, display,etc are also awesome. Has a fair battery backup as well. tends to overheat when wifi is enabled. A great choice to make. So PLAY GODFor what I have seen..no phone will perform as good as the yureka plus. The only little disappointments are the battery life and night photography..that's it..performance wise..its literally a beast in your hands!!!!The phone itself performance Superb. But the phone heats like hell. And I am very disappointed to find that the service centre is in Delhi only. Overall performance is satisfactory and the battery is also quite Good.It is a very nice phone. Heating is still an issue. The version i got was on android but i used Jay Kapoor's Video to port it over to CMOS 12.1Overall good phone, going to yuse it for VR (yu si wat i did derr)Most handsets gone faulty, phone surrendered for repair at their office, they don't pick up as promised., waiting for replacement & they seek a week every time we call them, 48 days passed and no sign of getting it.I purchased Yu Yureka on 7th September. I found that its getting hang many times. I am not even to call. Network connectivity issue with this mobile where as my old Samsung mobile has good coverage in the same area,moblie not working properly it's give many problem such as mobile get hang the keypad is not working  music player is not opening same with the gallery ,battery problem heating problem suddenly mobile get switch offI got my phone on Monday it's super but i'am not able to access internet on my phone can anyone help me . I've applied the APN also properly ut it is still not allowing me to access internet what should I do????????Mobile is good but too much heating,and low battery backup.its contains 2gb RAM,but the performance not like 2GB RAM.Camera quality is good.Heating is most complicated with this mobile.Time taking to charge battery.This is one of the best phone in its budget and updates are quick for cynogen rom. No LAG, NO Heating issue. Camera is better now. If you are looking for a mobile under 9K price this is always a top recommendation.->Performance-wise its great.->Heats up a lot while on call and if used continuously for 15 minutes or so.->Has proximity sensor issue at times.->Size is a little big for my hands.10,000/- ki range mei phone khafi achha hai , camera is mst and nice phone . sometimes slow ho jaata phone and battery bhi jldi khtm hoti hai.But that depends upon ur usage as well . Bemtlb ki apps bht hai preinstaled isme ..jisko disable krlo and battery bchayo apni ...then iska keypad khafi gnda hai ..as compare to my old windows phone jiska keypad is best !!!Then normal keypad mei no emojis ...why ?? .. That's wrong yaar ...earphones mei full volume par singer ki voice hi change ho jaati hai ....battery switch off krke charge kro to jldi hogi ...otherwise .. Phone is awesome n full paisa vsool.Advantages and disadvantages har phone ke hote hai ...iPhone ke bhi hote hai ..isme bhi hai ...but phone to achha hai yaar ..In the last , I'll say ...I'm happy with this happy :)overall handet was good but heating problem was not sloveOverheating issues. Within 15 minutes of first time usage, downloading essential apps and syncing the phone over wifi the phone gets pretty hot as if i was playing some high end game for half an hour on my moto xGood Work by Yu Yureka , Phone is working fine with no problems at all.Camera quality is very good.Front Camera is also good.If we use phone for long time then will face some heating problem, otherwise it's good.Good phone but heats up near the camera even while browsing in 5-6 minutes of use. Battery isn't as bad as i expected.Overall a good phone. I will update the review if they solve the heating issue with an update.Superb..!!Timely deliveredSafely reached.The product was same as it was displayed...The discount coupon also credited immediately after a close follow up..!!hats off to AMAZONThe waste phone ever made,don't buy any products like yureka,youphonia and etc.....buy lenovo,Sony etc,Samsung is better,,this is the wrost phone battery problem,over heating,charging problem,low quality camera,Product is very poor ...i requested to  replace but they did'nt replace..please don't buy anything from amazon....phone restart after every 10 mint. Camera quality is very poor...battery stand by time 3 hour...Apart from heating problem, one more major issue I'm facing is very poor battery backup, not even lasting one full day and now from latest OS update in Nov phone is automatically restarting many times every dayWhen u Locked the phone an any one call you. Unable to pickup the call, that's the Con's.... See whether Battery is new or old when you unpacking the box. Phone is re-use condition. So before unpacking see all.Only problem with this phone is battery, everyrhing els is fine, heating issue is there but dosent affect the performance. Cynogen is awesome I realy think to buy every phone with cyanogen OS only, realy nice.Sir when I call to other number the display is not getting on and the incoming calls also the display is not getting on .so please give me other set or tell me the option to get on the display ....please .....Camera not working after using the set after a month!!! What do I do??I have already reset the phone but still camera is not working. My IMEI number is 05911441051210973, 911441052720970. Please help!!!!Phone look and specifications are Good. But the phone get hot very much so that it becomes difficult for user to hold at ear. Battery drains in no time.Not expected...At least from Amazon to sell such brands..This mobile will be a value for money in this range and have all the specs that you may look.Sometimes i feel it gets heated while playing games otherwise it is still idle mobile for all categoriesNothing new.... Heating problem is still happen. Battery back up is very bad.Waste of money... MI4i is better phone as compare to this.Really waste of money.... again think before purchasing.I bought this phone today frm amazon and it is not showing Google play music and I can play songs only when ear phones are connected I think there are software problems I want to replace it with new oneAverage product and worth for money.Cons:It has heating problem while using GPS or playing games.Battery backup is soo pathetic. If using internet battery will get drained in 9 hours.charging extemely slow if you charge through laptop or desktop it takes more than 3 hours to get fully charged. battery dropes very fast if you use it for 15 or 20 minutes during calls from 100 to 85%.Everything in this phone is satisfactory except battery. 2500 mah battery for this phone seems me very funny. From d day I m using this phone I also carry a power bank and this makes the phone useless.Awful product. Got it replaced twice, and finally had to take a refund. Lot pf better options available just by increasing one or two thousand. Dont buy this if you dont want to get irritated as i was.This product is not at all value for money, It get heated so fast and drains Battery so fast, and takes lots of time in charging. And It get so Much heated that I cant even hold it in my pocket or handmaking chicken tandoor now more easy...just place the Marinated Chicken on it...wait for 15 min...ur tandoor is ready...yes I'm talking about dis phone...its like a barbecue oven...don't buy...everything is good about the product, onlu the thing that is not so good is the camera quality.its front camera is not too good as compared to xiaomi mi4i and moto phones. however back camera is good.Lot of changes in respect of its last version. Sound is loud and also full hd. 1 star less for not increasing battery power. Although it completes whole day on moderate use.. Thanks Amazon and seller.Great features in just low price. If someone buying I suggest u to buy it. A quite heating problem when recording a video or using camera continously more than 20mins..! But overall its a good mobile.Product is not worth.It is getting heated up even after 5-10 min. of talk. I wanted to return it, but I could not as I got admitted to hospital due to severe illness and your given time limit expired.I thoroughly read all the review of this micromax product.After that i cancell it.But i honestly believed that a product cannot be judged by the others opinion.So very much sorry for the cancellation.Phone was good unfortunately m nt able  to buy that..Good phone in it's price range.... Battery is very poor ....don't have a good battery backup...... Hangs when doing multitask ......nice camera back and front both..... Too much heating problem......Great in terms of specification offered for such a low price. Custom OS adds a plus to make the experience more comfortable.But the I didn't like the amount of heating even without heavy usage.there are many problem, which i faced during use this phone. too much heating problem, daily 10 to 15 times hang, ....there are lots of problem... i.e box of problem. Dont buy this phone.Super smartphone for price of 8,999..!really amazed by it's performance.,working butterly smooth,No issue at all apart from a little bit of warmness in back,while playing games for a long time.Great Phone for looks, camera, clarity, easiness.  10 minutes of gaming and the phone starts heating up..... battery backup is very poor.... needs recharging twice a day for avid browsers and gamers.Good phone under the price of 9k, but two major problem lies with the battery draining and heating issue. Requesting YU team and amazon both to take care of it, otherwise a good device to go for...Price 9k  9/10Processing  7/10  Noticed some lags without game installationPower backup 2500mah  8/10  day last longerScreen 5.5  9/10Weight 9/10  very lightLook 10/10Recently I've bought this phone. It's a s***, heating like hell from first day of use. Battery backup is nearly 1 hr. No properly technical support from yu team. Plz don't buy this useless product.the Product is very good..but the main concern is about the battery back up..Battery backup is not upto the mark....yureka should work on the battery..... but phone is awesome....Very disappointed..  heating problem is disgusting.. The worst phone that I have ever used.... Though there will be full charging phone gets switched off automatically.. And will not start again..Phone has good display and performance.Takes 5-6 hours for fullchargeHangs frequently while incoming call and cant attend the incoming call due to black screenDont buy !!!!It is very nice phone. Easy to handle. Fast processing system. etcBut some little problems are coming in phone.I think Yureka and Amazon will find the solutions for all these problems.Good phone.but if you use more than 1 hr in 3g mode device is heating up near backside camera.battery back up also moderate ....but overall performance, look,HD video ,cynogen OS hide all cons....Wish I could rate this product in negative. Wrost build quality.... Full HD just on paper in real it's QHD.... I received the product with defective front camera and heating problem is in genetic.This mobile had potential to become the best but it couldn't because of poor optimization, serious heating issues, poor battery performance, frequent lagging, and frequently  call dropping issues.mobile worth fr the price they r offering n delivery of amazon is too good...love itMobile will heated up slightly wn browsing n gaming other than that everything is fine n working good....Yureka , a good value for money but I'm facing problem of screen going blank while i'm trying to receive a call.I'm not sure should I keep this phone or return because i threw away the packaging.Mobile is not even at level with its predecessor (yureka). It has started lagging also heating is extreme.Hardware improvement is required in Yureka sets.Not worth buying.it has a heating problem, otherwise ok. but too much heat generated while using internet. what is the solution for this? Or should I return it? I like somewhat heavy phones, this is light & slim.Technical features listed in the brochure does not meet the expectations. Many times incoming call does not pop up, even at the end of call, it don't pop up the call for immediate disconnection.Very good , i bought "yu yureka" 4 month ago , and now i bought "yureka plus" i will buy next model of yureka as well , best phone , no hang problem , but battery is not goodWorst product ever purchased.. and worst customer service provided by YU team. Mobile.lying dead since last week but to no resolution despite many calls and emails. Require refund of my money...Heats up quickly and frequently. UI is good, so is camera and sound quality. However, frequently crashing apps (including messaging and dialer apps in the middle of activity) is a major problem.Hi,On paper this product is great for the price except battery this is the worst phone I have used previously I used canvas HD and grand 2 both these phones have a reasonable battery backup. But this YU yurekha plus is pain in the a**. If u use 3g continuously for 1hr ur phone will be shutdowned. The same story for WiFi as well. First I thought it was problem with my device but after reading the other users reviews I know that this phone has a common battery issue. What is the use in selling this phone with not even at least 5hrs of battery backup. Mr.Rahul Sharma pls do something give an ota update or something to overcome this battery issue pls.Very Good HD Display, Good Rear and front camera,Sound quality of Headset is also good. but Battery Drainage and Heating Problem. Also speaker volume is low while calling or attending the call.A good mobile for a range of 10k.Coming to the heating problem, slight heating noticed while charging, it heats up and again cools down.Applications tend to crash sometimes.Camera is superb.First of all,thanks Amazon for the fast delivery...This phone is the best one you can  for the price!! Some are complaining about the heating problems... But I don't find anything!!Worst mobile I ever used. I am using it for last 9 months. I used mmx canvas hd and is better than this. Its UI stops anytime. It is heating very much after 10 minutes of call or internet use.Pros - Good Grip  Full hd  Awesome UI  Negotiable weightCon -  heating too much  Takes 5 hrs to full charge  Bad camera and flash  Hangs too muchi brought this mobile..and i am using also. when i connect 3g in my mobile suddenly switch off and restart the mobile.. so what will do? product gave warranty. but what is the use of that?....Very good smartphone..Camera quality and video recording too goood..but when I change theme cyanogen to android that time video recording sound clarity is totally bad and sometime hang..No. Its battery is not as its mah. it hardly runs for a day. secondly the heats up too much . the picture quality is ok. over all i would like to say that online shopping is not a good option.worest interms of call quality and y ph is heating whn i started a call.. and the saddest thing is it's nt even taking a sec time to heat whn i was callingi would suggest dnt go for thisI loved Yu Yureka Plas. It is having great design and its customer support is excellent.Phone is not lagging, But sometime it slow down process on reboot. else all is working fine.fine build quality, but poor performance, gets heated up so easily, lags in between.display is good,but you guys have others options in this price range, do consider them do.Awesome phone..really cool there is only 2 problems I see in the phone 1st is battery is really low 2500mah..nd then there is little heating problem rest of its really the coolest phone ever..I am using this phone in USA and found that 4G LTE is not working ....very disappointed. Not even 3G working on it..frequency not matching.YU team pls do something..this is not acceptable.Disappointment, it over heats & battery drain within an hour.  More disappointment when amazon sent mail rejecting replacement request and informing us to resolve the issue with manufacturer.Camera of this phone is really awful it's not working as it is advertised. It changes the colour when u take a shot.Secondly audio isn't very good there is some noise when u play music.Takes too long to charge and battery backup is ok.poor performance when ever i got a phone call the screen turns blank and dose't show the caller details (may be a Sensor problem), heating problem is also there. over all review is VERY POORI just now received this worst mobile. It is a defect product. Screen goes blank when we receive a call.The mobile heats up very much (50 degress). Totally disappointed by this mobile.This one having issue with speakers. Normal songs also producing some sounds.... Also the phone have heating issue... In normal conditions also it's over heating.... Very bad impression.....Average phone. Much better options available at this price in the market. The charging adapter stopped working on day one. With no service centres around, it is difficult to get it replaced.Service is very poor as micromax service centres are not accepting....and YU customers care not responding.....thumbs down to micromax and YU both.....battery also got hot and drained fasterGifted to niece on her birthday. Brand new phone heating like a pressure cooker. Got it delivered yesterday, started the phone the temperature was 74 degrees. May result in health issue.Just opened it up and switched it on. The phone is heating and the 13 MP camera quality is like is like that of a 2 MP camera. Also, the touch is not at all smooth. Not a happy camper!!!I wish to give this phone -5 starCz its a s*** phone lots of issues1. Heating problem2. Camera problem3. Software problem4 battery life problemAt the whole this phone is below avg.Simply the best... Such price... Such specs... Inbuilt cyanogen.. Everything so perfect... just the regular two cons... Heating and battery. Otherwise no phone can actually beat iteven less than 1. Never buy this phone, it have many problemsheating like heaterlaggingshort battery lifeafter charging for 3 h, it finally gets only 10% battery.Doesn't heat as much as people said , the ones who complain on the heat must really buy an a/c . It is totally tolerable . Except that , this is a brilliant performance device , the first boot gives lag but reboot it it will be a treat . Camera is good , it heats while gaming , not much to burst or anything but i'll say it is ok because gaming is never compromised . Call reception is the biggest point here , so is the clarity . The display is perfectly perfect . If you ignore the heat which is really minimal , this is the best buy . AND THE GUYS WHO HAVE ISSUES WITH HEATING , YU IS BEST KNOWN FOR GIVING UPDATES TO FIX ISSUES , YOU JUST NEED PATIENCE .Good phone with great specification:Pros:Look is stylishNever got hangPicture quality is goodCons:Got heated quicklyBattery drain quicklyWith out any hesitation go and buy it ,Awesome design ,Cyanogen makes it look coolCamera ..xpecially front rockzzIf YU provides an update ...then it vl b an great dealsomany problens comeing with in one month displyproblems and software.usb problems ,memory card problems also coming compre with this smasung is batter yureka is better then yureka plusVery very worst and waste phone. I have disappointed by Amazon. YU company is fraud. Don't buy.I want to return it.please help anybody. It is not working otg &USB. Heating like a oven.Getting hot while talking or using 4g, touch sensitivity not up to mark, Camera just an average, cyanogen os need to improve more, contacts always crashing. two star is for the  price.Oky phn ..bt main problem is bettery which make awsm phn very bad..infact poor.. No reson to give 2 3 4 5 starxiaomi redmi note mch better thn thisIn camera ..bettry etc..Impressive heating performance ......while using it ,it looks like the screen will melt like a chocolate brick...I have to disconnect the call after every 5 minutes to cool the phn...Its just not worth itIt has a major heating problem with battery problemIts camera is shown 13mp but not comparable to HTC 8mp cameraI done a mistake after buying itVery nice , very nice , I used it from 8 month their is no problem in my mob. Before 3 month I have some problems in my yureka then yureka customer service solve my problem by phone.I'm completely in love with this phone!! This is the best phone of 2015..Nobody offers you this configuration, in such an amazing price! Very happy to be the owner of an Yureka Plus!I've been using Nokia C7, comparing with it ....not that easy to use, basic function like taking call itself is very difficult....may be because I'm not familiar with the phone......This is my second set after using yu yureka before six month simply best in every angle. Those mention heating issue every smart phone was heated after using it for more than 30 min.For initial few months it was ok but later it started giving me pain.. hanging problem is there.. camera is good but camera app is very irritating.. battery back up is below averagethis phone is huge and not able to hold it for talking .. and it says it have 2 GB .. but very slow .. all apps are taking too slow to open .. For price range 10K it is OK to have..Mobile is not user friendly. Biggest problem is very long charging time ( 4-5 Hours ) & very fast drain out battery. With only 0.5 gb storage also it gets hang up. Worst buy for me.The company touts that the Yureka Plus is a next-generation version of its Yu Yureka smartphone.  The phone looks grt ... work better then previous..... less price ... best deal ...The Phone I purchased had following issues which werent acceptable to me.1) Very low volume of the ringtone . I tried every option and all possible high-noise sounds. But still Many times I missed important calls2) Phone gets heated very fast. Even during little use or browsing3) Battery charging takes almost 4-5 hours. Once the phone gets switched off, it takes about ten minutes to get charged for it to boot4) Even after 2 GB ram and snapdragon,  lag occurs sometimes4) I still think, camera quality of Rear camera is not that of a 13 MP one5) Speaker Volume (at maximum also) is very lowdevice gets over heated withi n seconds of use.Best mobile in below 9000Camera very niceBest Phone According to Price.. Working Fine...Product is good as yureka tried to include everything in mobile.....but they forget to build hardware for that...heating to much when gaming or hard processing even during talking.There r heating issues. Also the keyboard for messaging is not helpful. Itvlacks a return or enter key required to gobto next line.  The customers support is poor to say the least.Using it from last 2months and I can easily say it is the best mobile in this price range. Though there has some minor software issues. But its tolerable. Complete value for money.Please don't buy YU mobile. Service centre is not available in INDIA. Heating Problem is too much. When we call to CUSTOME CARE of YU he is telling mobile will heat upto 43 degree.One is the finest phone like looking wise , good speed & light weight  and picture quality is so good back and as well front , according to me  paisa wassol phone hai yaar sacci meYureka this phone is awesome in 10k but please improve your phones battery backup. You will get awesome sale if you can improve on this. Otherwise there was no fault in this phoneMy phone is getting too hot from top centre part. Everything is OK but battery backup is very less. On full charge, Without touching the phone it spents not more than 12-13 hours.One of the worst phone in the world of Mobile phones,Dont buy it at any cost its a total waste of your money.You should go for micromax or Intex if you want to buy a budget phoneIt's the best phone in this segment, you can't anything better than this phone in this price range. If you're thinking to buy to it you should surely this phone. I just loved it.heating is a big problem with this mobile, when i am calling more than 20 minutes it started burning. some time i feel i can be blast any time. I will suggest to other don't buy.Why the price becomes low....after 1 Aug. ....Sir I having a problems with my yureka plusSuddenly all functions are stop workingAfter restarting phone was not startPlease help me to solved this probabilityBattery gets discharge very quickly, heating problem is high & voice is cracking while talking.Camera, display, looks etc. are very good. Very handy and lighter in weight.I never had this kind of  WORST EXPERIENCE  while using other phones :(1. Heating issue(Like iron box).2. Its taking more time to get charge. Also its dry very soon.Was expecting a lot better from YU. This phone hangs 5-6 on avg daily.It uses too much RAM. Yu should make some changes to its Kernel so thay the performance is boosted.Worst experience ever. Battery was complete crap only. May be I got a defective battery piece but still very unhappy. Hearing up a little too much. Too light for a phone also.it is too much waste mobile.....Because when i open camera to click photos .......after some time its back cover too much hot.......and charging capacity is too much slow.....Battery life is really poor and now even now after 1 week it doesn't charge properly through whole night.Can i get a new battery?? OrI have to exchange the phone?.this phone deserves 5star but idk why they aren't fixing heating problem.. same as i got in yureka alsopeople ready to give more money also if they making it a perfect phone.Ordered this phone during their July flash sale. It is a great looking phone with amazing specs, but there is one problem.If you use the phone even for 2 minutes (phone call, game), the back of it becomes hot (in the top half, near the camera). Don't know if it is a defected piece or a problem with this phone in general, but want to know where I can get it repaired/served/replaced.Can the Amazon team get back to me? I spoke to the Micromax service centre and they said that this product will get service only through the online retailer (i.e. Amazon). Please solve this problem.Handy mobile h. Sala defective mobile aata h.Dont buy it is heater heats just in 2 mins Battery drains very fastHeating problemcan't get better than thissimply superbThe handset becomes hot within a short periodspecs are just gimmicks.returned the phone after using ten days. YU should seriously think about their future and this kind of phones will never ever get them good publicity.Waste of money. It's getting hot while I play game & if you use net than battery backup only for 2 or 3 hours.There is no costumer care available for help on phone callphone is good.but its battery drain fast & another is its heating issue.But I get many problems with the bluedart courier service they don't gave cod to me at my home.....It is a heating machine....Playing Angry birds 2 game heats the phone like anything and also while talking it heats up.  It looks like it going to be blast that much heatingI naught this phone three days beforeMy overall experience is very goodOnly drawbacks are1 average Canara quality2 heating issue3 battery drainI have recently bought yureka plus from amazon... Great features and also good performance.... Except taking much time for bettery charging.. Except its value for money!!!!Don't buy this crappy cheap phone. My friend bought this on freedom sale and its wasted now. Don't want to mention one specific problem as everything in this phone are bad.Handset become hot while using net,video recording,playing game and using call .it is too much hot while operating above mention function & battery backup also not healthy.Thanks Amazon for delivering the YU Yureka+ on 27th July in 2 days time. The phone is a good piece in 10K with many advanced features except the battery but i will take it.Phone getting very hot battery backup is lowI used it for a week.. Nice phone but battery was very poor and used to drained very fast. I tried to contact the support team but got no response and finally returned it.There is no problem in the phone1st it has best camera quality2nd it has best hd screen3rd it has no problems or defects I suggest to buy the phoneNo service.. no customer support.. Yu cheated the customers.. The CyanogenMod os comes with a bundle of bugs.. almost every apps crashed in my phone, even dialer also...!!Major issue is that Phone heats up a lot even after one call of 5 minutes.Phone takes four hours to charge its battery from 0 to 100 and battery drains very quickly.It has heating Problem while downloading the apps too from Play store.Otherwise the phone is awesome with its features of  screen resolution, touch. camera quality........Very slow, and problamatic,, i started facing sign problems and other errors ,, i returned it. clearly waste of money and a good OS like cynogen.mi redmi 2 is bettermy phone is very heat.  i am not satisfied this product can you change my phoneplay 1 video then phone is heatedcustomer care feedback is not satisfied.Phone heating problem even during initial application installation,Ram is over 50% utilized even with basic apps running.  Build quality is OK, camera could be bit betterThe mobile is good but battery life is bad . If you use net frequently , camera & audio or game then this is not your match.U need to charge battery 2 times a day.Good Phone Value For Money Camera Very Good, Processing & Data Storage is also goodOnly Charging Time More If Battery will be more than 3000 or equal to 3000 MahDer z a heating issue,n the phone frequently getting hanged, battery draining very fast ..it is a major issue with the phone, Apart from this, YU yureka is really goodworst mobile ever,worst than samsung phone which hang...don buy this mobile..jus advertising by 9k with 2gb ram n 16 gb rom..phone hang same with mi3 even the heatingCemara not good and phone super heater and no battery back up my suggestion to my friends don't buy this mobile because with battery backup there is no use with mobileMy Yureka plus rear camera not working I want to return but nobody responsible for receiving phone or refund my amount  this is really very bad service by yu or amazonI had purchase yureka plus there will be  problem issueing  when I was charging of my mobile then too much heating problem and hanging also kindly any give us solutionVery beautiful and highly configuration mobile so i very love very much this product. But i have a question how much actual internal space for apps?Please help.I think you give me  second hand repair phone because lots of scratch inside the phone or problem to heating phone and you give me damage screen guard inside the box.Never go for yureka it contains a lot of bugs unimaginable bugs while calling it stops messaging it stops every thing even in browsing, media players completely sucksUsing from last 10 months, this is best in class, Feeling pride about the features.In stead of wasting 20-30 K on other phones I en cashed the features in 9K..Using the handset since last 8 month. Working very fine. But off late, battery is getting discharged very soon. Can I get it replaced with a new battery. Plz inform.Some improvements over last yureka. But still that cheap hardware and buggy software.But when all these compared to its price and specs, Yureka+ wins over all.Product is good in overall BUT it heats quite a bit. Also being a custom OS Cynozen on top of Android, it misses few common things like pattern based mobile locking.Compeny is ok...sellar is good but device is a poor performer......plz..plz...plz dont buy yureka.....if still anyone want..plz take from me.....drmkpareek@gmail.comIt is a tablet cum phone. It is difficult to handle. Need to charge Battery every day. On the plus side, we have large picture or large display.Thank youOverheating. Battery drains quickly.......camera Quality is NOT BEST in this productGood mobile but battery weak & gets heatedExcellent product for the price. Outbeats any other phone below 20K.Superb camera. Good performance.Needs a better battery. Current one lasts for a day.the product overall performance is good. one can not expect more at such a price. the heating problem of the mobile is still there. it heats up while playing games.worst phone ever i have got. very low battery life & poor performance. it drains alot of battery. no proper customer service in India. i will rate it half out of 5.I am not satisfied with product . Twice  I had problem . Now camera not working as per instruction I reseted factory settings but still back camera is not working .The best phone you can get in this price range and about the heating problem it can tweaked and can be overcome so don't hesitate to buy it just for that one reasonDear Sir,Please hold the replacement proccess because,Yesterday i have reset the factory setting for testing purpose and want test phone 3 or 4 day moreI Recived the mobile and it was in a perfect condition. delivery was ontime. mobile looks grate and useing experiance was amazing. Cam qulity was too good. Kidos YUDon't buy this phone it heat's like a heater. When you use this in any way it heat's weather it is camera, internet, watching video, charging...it is hot so hot....I had purchased yureka a few months ago.. When Yu-Plus was announced. I Went ahead & bought it.. I now have 3 members in 6 member family using YU.. That says it allI'm not YUREKA PLUS user.. But I have a suggestion for those who want to buy this one. Please don't believe those bad reviews of people who haven't bought this one.It's a very good phone and it's worth the price. Amazon's delivery is very awesome. Got the phone in just three days.The full hd display is not just in words.Well.... I was real excited abt the product but disappointed. you cant talk on the phone with Hands free as if you do then you end up burning your Ear or Cheeks....U get cyanogenmod along with this great phone which is like having a cherry on the cake. Not recommended for gaming as it's heats up. Otherwise everything is fine.it hasn't met expectation however mobile get heated if used continiously for more than hour which is disadvantage, so i would ask other consumer to not purchase itThe device heats up quickly. Moreover, the screen goes blank when u receive a call or try to dial a call and therefore it does not allow you to disconnect the callPhone is good bt battery backup is not good....there is also heating issue bt that is with all 615 chipsets on other phones  .....performance wise it is good......Excellent!!Well, i didnt find any problem with the phone. no heating problem , its fast charging, absolutely perfect as per specifications. just loving it..Awesometotally disgusting product in my lifeMy first review1. heating issue2. slow3. restart problem4. display gone in very first datEIts the best phone at this price coupled with CyanogenMod, but due to heating issues it lags a bit, have downloaded the CpuTemp app to monitor, the temp always been 10 degree C more as compared to Yureka for same working & operating condition.While installing/updating apps CPU temp goes till 70-75 degree C.Screenshot attached shows 59 degree C temp for normal Wi-Fi connectivity with nominal background apps.Compared to Yureka, Yu+ lags more, heats more, drains battery more.Hope YU gets to this & solve in further OTA updates.SUCH A WORSE PHONE I HAVE EVER SEEN. ITS JUST A BLACK SPOT ON THE NAME OF SMARTPHONE.1.THE HANDSET GETS HEATED VERY BADLY, WHILE USING NET OR PLAYING GAMES.2. THE BATTERY GET EXHAUSTED VERY QUICKLY.3. THE SETTING GET TEMPERED BY ITSELF............WHILE TAKING THE SCREEN DOESN'T GET OFF, AND SEVERAL PAGES OF SETTING GETS OPENED AND YOU COULD NOT RECOGNIZE AFTER THAT WHAT HAPPENS TO YOUR PHONE.3. THINK TWICE BEFORE PURCHASING THE PHONE.This product is very good shut the f***k upIn every aspect it is superior at this price battery should be improved . keep up the good work excellent productPhone is heating 2 much I havnt expect that !! But I love the ui and interface of did phone so I am replacing it +!! Just thinking that it was a hardware fault !!Returning it to seller... To much heatingProduct is worst. Battrey talk time is very poor . main issue is that body will be hot if talk regularly 10 minuts or more. Customer case is not respond proprly.Camera is good...works well...but it has heating problem. Heats up very fast... Sometimes it goes up to 40 degrees....Everything other than heating issue is goodGood with some unbearable drawbackcamera with flash in low light gives poor outputbattery drain fastadaptive brightness not smoothly functionigWrote Battery and Network.. Only 2 to 3 Hours on net surfing battery goes in hell. I am going to gift anyone because no one taking this phone has no resale valueQuality is not perfect. Please improve the body quality. Gorilla glass having scratches after use for a week only. Camera quality is average. Pricewise it is ok.Very good one only drawback is 2500 mah bettry it gets discharged very soon hance little disappointing else very nice features canbe used its fast enough M happyBattery is so tiring...Battery charging  time so long ...It took almost 3+ hrs...Need yu... Developers to optimise battery and prevent drainageSuperb phone under budget... operating system, camera, speed, headphone quality, smooth touch, everything is cool... only problem is heating.... quiet satisfied.RAM management is very BAD ...........after installing few apps it will show very less available ram.It's show little lag when playing subway surfer.It is okay phone for this price. But the battery is worst and the phone gets more heat. Always we have to use headset while speaking or else your ear will burn.It is a great smart phone among the competitors in this segment. One of the best thing is its battery. Overall a great phone in the less than Rs. 10000 segment.Using it from 11month and found this device useful. Who is not using there phone as a phone booth. For high callers this is not device for you. Very easly heat.The phone is super but after a month it just sliped down and phone screen was broken and YU is saying that its gorilla glass 3..I don't find it as gorilla glassBuild quality not good.Heating problems.Camera not good , 13 mp is only in name not in quality.Screen color depth poor.Battery drainage.Poor hang problem next day morning me restart karo tab net chalu hota bakwas mobile kabhi mat lena company se ye ummid nahi thi itna bakwas mobile launch karegiIts the worst phone i ever used,touch stop working any time your not able make call.In a day i have to formte the setting muiltiple times so thet it works fine.mobile is ok because it has heating problem while calling ,charging, and many other problem..... if yu give update related to this problems then it will improveIt's getting more heat while am using without WiFi or mobile data....I am having YUREKA tooo when compared to you YUREKAYureka plus is getting more heat.......No issues am a heavy gamer and this phone us perfect for me using since 2weeks no hang only lags while charging and battery life us OK just try improving it...Its a good phone... after using two week I face two cons... 1. Battery is not so good.... 2. Sometimes the android faced some bugs....Others are superB....Bought on the first sale... phone was very good except the phone dialer kept crashing when u tried to make a call so had to return the product..initially there was some problem regarding refund due to non matching bank details then everything sorted out and got the refund.. customer care support is superb.. they guided me very well.if u r trying to get ur refund through bank make sure that ur name on the app and bank account matches saves u lot of hassles.. amazing experience on Amazon even for refund.. *****Battery back up is toooooo worst....its really nice product.The best things is that, any problem regarding software the manufacturer attn vry qukly..i m happy for there serviceThis is simply The BEST phone of this price range. Might tend to heat up while gaming extensively but youl get used to that soon. can confidently go for it :)Good, conventional design phone, rich on features. Build quality could have been better.Poor battery life. On heavy use, can sustain 06-08 hr max.good product as of now no compliant about it,but i am not able to find service center in mangalore, as micromax denied to accept this phone for service.heater, takes 3 hours to charge fully, voice not clear, sensors not proper, while talking ph goes to speaker or mute mode as call options opens automatically.This phone yu yureka plus is good but battery back up is very bad and gets heated very fast. Kindly improve the battery back up, Is there any solution for it.I brought this item 15days back. It is not working properly. Some time hanging. So many problems are there in this product. The company cheating to costumers.The phone has good looks.But the software is very unstable.Phone resets a lot.Customer service sucks.Average camera.Average Battery.Not meeting the expectations. Battery backup is very bad. Camera quality is not up to the mark.Samsung galaxy grand prime would have been the better choice.Good features for the money you paid. But only issues is in terms of battery backup. Additional power bank is recommended with the purchase of this fone..Works fine. Great feel of the phone. But sometimes hangs if more applications are opened. Body heats up if used for long.Otherwise features are great.I am writing this aftr 3-4 days of continuous use.Pros first:1. Impressive looks2. Processor is grt3. Internet surfing with wifi was grt.Cons:1. Extremely poor battery performance....mobile hots up with even 15 mins of gaming....doesn't work for entire day2. 13mp camera is not tht grt....samsung 8mp camera is much better than this one. even thought selfie pics were ok.3. back cover is pretty ordinary....dont know whethr it will sustain any fallDear All,I request you to all please don't buy any product of Yureka.Worst build quality, Worst customer care and Worst service centre...Only two issues.  Low sound and sensor doesn't work properly (when you are talking the screen turns on and opens calender, or other apps. It's irritating.)When calling hanging when GTA hanging its very bad phone yu support can be provided very very bad service but amazon can be provided very very good servicePhone is heating a lot after using a couple of minutes. As the processor is below the ear piece it is very difficult to attempt calls.... That was very badI got faulty hands free which is not working. Phone is getting hanged few times. Overall features r good. Hitting problem is there when phone is in charge.Jb ye phn heting hota h to hang hona suru ho jata h iska kuch solution btayein..Aur, android systm are not responsed,Ye btata h..pleace tell meHEATS UP:features are good enough.but the thing is about their integration ,this phone heats up while using continuously 2 minsand it is not a minor issue.Worth for money..Pros: screen clarity, ram, internal memory space,camera both front n backCons: charging, heat emitted when we are using mobileThis phone heats up too much and the battery drains like 1% in every 2 mins. But except these two everything is awesome  in the phone in this price range..Awesome phone man.Thanks yuI ordered the New YU yureka plus on 6th august. The product was delivered by 9th despite the expected delivery date was 11th august.The phone comes in a properly packed item and is good to use.Only problem is it heats up around the camera even after 10 minutes of use.If that is not an issue for people , I recommend it to budget phone users.Design -9/10Sound- 8/10Battery- 4/10Camera -9/10Price - 9/10Overall- 8.5/10Amazon- 100/10 !!Not that much satisfied, it lags a lot of times for simple subway surfer game, heats very much like a pan on stove.Only screen wise its good-Full HDI buy this phone & same day within 5 minutes, it becomes too much heatup after call of 30 seconds, processing is very slow , difficult to justify 2 gb ramMy expectation was bit more, so it is not upto full satisfactory device for me. Many thing are really awesome but irritating is heating and slow charging.The phone is good..but heats up very quickly and battery drains faster than rocket! Anyways the display , the sound ...the customization are really good..Pls solve the heating issue and increase the battery capacity. Standardize the products as one customer gets a perfect one while others get a defective onVery low Battery life. Phone heats up once u start using applications. Not compatable with car through USB, i.e u can't play music in ur Car via USB port.I have a problem in my cell phone  I can't call or it doesn't work properly during calling display switches off so please I request u to solve my problemCant works perfect incoming call cant recive due to blank screen after search google found solution *#*#7769#*#*CalibrTion start. Ok work properly.The handset is worth the cost spent.  Its camera quality is very good & functions are very user friendly.  I recommend you to buy this without thingking.Nice phone... just loved it.. good features.... looks would have been even better if available in sharp rectangular finish like nitro 2 (personal choice)Phone is good in all aspects, but only problem with battery. Battery is draining out very speedily even not in use. Processor speed is not up to the markPhone is good excepted cemra quality and charging time is much more about 5-6 hrs. Also heating problm . good looking light weight good and fast featuresBetter look for something else ... proximity sensor has a bug... camera stops responding sometimes... calls often get dropped,even when signals are goodThere are many bugs ...the lock screen is way too laggy waiting for the update since my purchase and so many bugs u can spot out urself... UPDATE NEEDEDIt is a nice phone which fulfil all your needs no issues yet it's been 7 days since I got the phone delivery was also average and must buy at this priceplease dont buy this chinse product which is not at all reliable, i am yureka user and facing proximity sensor issue. no one is helping me in this issueGood handset in the given price range.Heating problem and worst battery lifeGreat product, best service by amazon.not a good performance phone in my opinion it lags after 1 months and its cynogen gets crashed very much ...and the quality of its charger was not goodPeople who like to root unlock bootloader change os ROM and are not bothered by bugs perfect phone not for newbies android users its for pro users onlyThanks to Amazon for very good services..Yureka has lots of flaws.Battery is very weakHeat like anythingWorst Gaming experienceSoftware performance is good . camera performance is good. Video streaming is nice. Problem is in battery backup only..takes long time to get charged..OVERALL GOOD PRODUCT , DISPLAY & GAMING PERFORMANCE ARE SO GOOD , BATTERY LIFE AND CAMERA ARE GOOD , BUT AFTER PLAY GAME , IT'S TEMPERATURE GOT SO HIGHHi GuysThe phone is good on this price, but some discrepancy in it1) - The phone is too heat2)- The speaker quality is too Bad.Its a very nice phone, does heat up while using though. Yureuka can still make some improvements with the camera quality however in all its a worth buyUnbearable heat-up even when performing menial tasks. A common problem with this Snapdragon 615 chipset. Do not buy unless they fix it like Xiaomi did.Nice phone. The battery could have been a bigger one (4000mAH instead of the puny 2500mAH). Otherwise excellent phone. 5+months, no complaints at all.I am satisfied with that phone . sometimes light is not on when call is coming. But no prob. Overall good phone battery life good if u r not using 3G.Nice mobile..value for money..heats up quickly compare to other smartphones..but we can cool down it with cooler apps..now I don't see heating issue..Good looking phone, almost everything is good but while talking it heats very badly can't even hold for 5 mins.We have to use ear phone or Bluetooth.I received phone on 27th july. Phone not working good.. Faceing problems.. Call not receivng.. And  brightness problem.. please solve my phone problemPhone is very good ,but its sound quality is not so good but OK .phone gets heated up on playing games.battery back up is so so , phone speed is goodNice packing and good phone in an affordable price from YU powered by the cyanogen... If you are interested in new customized os then go for it .....Device display didnt switch on for incoming calls. I have to return the product. I had a lot of expectations about this product. Highly disappointed.With the specs on board, this is the real flagship killer. And a company to assemble this product at such a low range is mind blowing. A perfect buy.I suggest you to buy coolpad note 3 and this phone is getting heat when ever I use to take photos or play a video for 5 min is getting too much heatSo far was working good...recently has starred heating up at the ear peice... cannot hold near the ear after 3 mins. Guess should get a replacement.it is good to use with latest technologybut ya off course battery drain out fasterfrankly speaking this problem you will find everywhereHas better features than other models at this price range and performance is also good.Slightly heat issue is there apart from that it is goodhi guys i have used this mobile for one yr almost.it is very nice product.i m fully satisfied.that's why there is no confusion in buying this mobilewhenever try  to call Screen go BLANK .... not able to receive the call and take others in conf call ...  Even not for Playing  Game - Heating Issuenice featured phone the heating problem is only there which makes the phone uncomffortable to use atherwise all is good and nice camera is also goodTHIS PRODUCT SHOULD BE BANNED ON AMAZON1. CHARGING ISSUE2. HEATING ISSUE3. PERFORMACNE ISSUE4. WORST CUSTOMER SERVICEMobile dint get charged, contacted service centre, they replaced my mobile with a new one supposedly, however that mobile also had the same problemi gave it 4 star because there was little problem in the phone and after many complain the company return the phone and now it was working properlyDont buy it.It doesn't have a gorilla glass.Broken into two pieces from my hand whilr it is slipped out from my hand at a small height.worst customer support ever. my phone isn't getting charged since last one month moreover these yureka guys dont have service center,worst service.don't even purchase dis phonehanging prob n blinking is common problong term used is producing heatso never think to take dis mobTrust me guysI was the biggest fan of yu yureka plus phonebut just I bought itbutphone hangs a lotn no battery backupI am facing problem in the battery It is draining too fast. I thought after few days of usage it will get alright but to my bad it is getting worseFirst problem : It hots too much, even when not on recharge point.Second Problem : It could not re-start, if unfortunately, battery dries up.Mobile is good in looks & specification s but it is producing a lot of heat while using internet & calling..... I wish to return it back to Amazon.Worth for money and some errors has micromax have to look for, from amazon i got the mobile from 3rd of purchase of normal delivery, i love amazonWhen cynogen os 12.1 of lollipop 5.1 came update to my mobile I just downloaded but there is no option to install it ..in the system update optionthis phone is looking very nice in design and its weight is good, but its poor battery backup and heating problem is big issue of this smartphone.I have Purchased Yu Yurekaplus on Aug 10 2015. Till now the phone is running well . One thing I would like in this phone was great browsing speed.Camera quality is good.5.1 Upgrade not available till date.Battery drain is very high.Over All Product Is OK in 10K range.I got my yureka plus on 19 augustI'm happy with performance and camera and batteryBut very uncomfortable with the very much heating of the phoneI get the phone today, but when call coming in this phone, then the screen is black..no switch work...I can't see who call me, how I accept call??Yu Yureka plus in 9K its a good phone with  good build quality but the service support is very poor. Hope Yu come strong with their service part.It has a heating related issue and hoping that Yu would resolve it with subsequent update.Rest the phone performs well for the price point.It was very nice. I received it from amazon in 11day delivery thank you amazonIt has 13mp camera clarityAndroid 5.0.2 4G speed.Battery drains fast and it gets heated while playing games or using 3g.Overall performance is satisfactory .Nice phone in this budgetIs too low auto call recording voiceDon't buy getting hot like anything after usage of 15 min only... and u can not touch screen  :(And customer care is worst experience.. :(Its a great product.. I already have a YU Yureka gifted to me.. It works great.. This YU Yureka Plus is even better. but it heats up a bit more.this is the best smartphone ever I seen. There are so many features. This is the real phone for educated person who wants to play with features.Phone really good. But the big let down is the battery. People who are online always. Stay away . overall a good phone but battery is very poor.awesome phone in 9000.this time phone price is around 11000.i want to buy 2 more phones...pls reduce the price...I buyed yureka plus on 14 Aug and it stop working on 29 Oct.It also having heating problem.And battery life is gud onlyGood But it take so much time to recharge battery, Sometimes it became so heat very very poor battery it diidn't that expect that worst batteryA very gud ph..with minor glitches..acceptable at the price. And feautures....its only 10 days of use but the ph seems absolutly fine and gud..Good servicce support from AMAZON and partners,YU Yureka  mobile is good , they need to address the heating up of the mobile during usagePerformance is OK but when I go to dial upSo sometime its hanging ..In 10 days from buy this phone I face 5 to 6 time dial up hanging problemToday I loaded a SIM card on the phone and it started to heat up without me using it...For no rhyme or reason the phone became red hot...Good Phone but very bad Heat Issue.As soon as I switch on 3G, it heated up like nothing. I couldn't even able to take call when 3G is on.Burst mobile heating is painful .also battery backup is only give 4 hours nd sometime lag when we doing multitasking charging time is very bigThe worse phone I ever seen .The major problem is heating issue and drain battary so fast . Don't buy this otherwise you will be pray after .Got the product before the delivery date..very overwhelmed.good packing. And the phone is working very nicely...in all a phone worth to buy...Except battery backup excellent phone !!! searching for a battery which will be 3000 to 3500 mAh so that it will become equal to one plus one.I just received my yureka 24 hours ago and now the phone is nt displaying anything while an incoming or outgoing calls. Eles everything is ok!Don't even think to buy. The worst mobile ever.while calling or gaming you will feel the heat like frying pan..... I returned it the next day.Very goof mobile except low call voice and battery is taking too much time for recharging Also battery is discharging fast during internet useThis device had a heating problem .Hanging  problem  of yu yureka plusAverage phone with bad battery backup, nice camera and average other feature.No doubt you can get really better than this in this rangenot so good as compare to other brand....touch not response perfectly and display not up the mark as compared to other brand in same segment.I received this phone with primary camera not working. I have immediately returned this product. It was very disappointing experience for me.Got this phone at Rs.8999Using for one weekOther than heating no any other issues foundGood phone at this price rangeThis product is value for money.But there are some cons that I will like to share.1) Heats up quickly2) Battery drowns fastI had to return it because of heating issue otherwise the product was amazing. Don't know when it will be available again at the same price.No support provided by the customer care. Having issue with the handset but Yureka is not providing service.Do not purchase the phone.Problem in delivery because Courrier boy have no idea of location but yu yureka plus is a good phone. Still running smoothly and pretty goodOnly one I didn't like in this phone is battery backup. It drains quickly. Otherwise the phone's display, camera, and performance are super.apart from average battery but considering the price, excellent phone. Company should go for atleast 3000mah battery atleast for this phone.When using this phone its heating very much & after 7.pm u can't get quality image very-2 bad picture in night care service is also very badBATTERY ISSUE! TAKING VERY LONG TIME TO CHARGE. EVEN IF YOU FULL CHARGE IT, IT WILL NOT LONG LAST FOR YOUR DAY. CARRY YOUR CHARGER/POWERBANKIt is a beast in 9k but only problem  is battery which is only 2500mah and yu have not kept fast charging also. Otherwise it's a great phonevery s***ty brand. no customer service.i urge the website to kindly check on the quality.since the moment i bought it . i hate it.!Worth 0 rating.  I installed uc browser in ma YU yureka plus.  And guess what.  When I use that app.  Ma phone  restarts again and again...Battery drains faster than it was described/expected. Picture quality is not so good as expected.Otherwise working well/faster in response.a bad product not as i expected it gets stuck frequently and heats up a lot, in 2 months audio jacks also gone bad hoping for a replacementUsing about one month, feeling heat when not using, this is a critical issue. YU can not solve this issue. Baki sab thik hai.can/don't buy.Thanks for the updated yureka version. It's definitely worth upgrading for those who like good screen quality and better camera performancePhone is great....front camera works awsum...battery lasts for 8hours with heavy usage...No lags.....good for multi usage.... Worth d moneyvery disappointed form this phone... to much heating problem and when the phone charge the charging is very slow.... soo i return this itemJust received 2 hours back. Hats off again amazon, just in 24 hrs.About the device, I coudn't find any difference between Yu and a Yu+. It resembles almost same apart from few OS tweeks. Couldn't find much difference on screen as claimed by playing same video on Yu and a Yu+.So guys on my opinion its the same phone on new box, Still you may enjoy it as iam. Attaching few cliks of the new arrived Yu+.I m facing overheating during callPros:Camera.Processor Speed. Multiple apps can be opened at a time.Cons:Average BatteryHeating ProblemAwesome Phone within 10kAnd Got it for just INR 8999 Exclusive of discount which is 15 % App Off and 15 % debit card off...Delivery GOODyu yureka plus si awesome features , camera ,sound effect andi love it this phonesthanks amazonyour service is very fastGenerally the phone is okay. Back texture is pretty good. Feels good in hand.Had some issues with speaker volume. It is pretty low.mobile is not good ,heating problem.The services at amezon is very good (delivery and return policy  everything is very good)Heating problem is a big problem for this phone. I bought it and had to return it for this. this cannot be tackled by a back cover even.the battery isn't effective....there's a heating problem and charging takes place slowly and charging reduces even if cell is not in useHeating problem is too much, Battery drains out very quickly, call ringer profile needs attention, over all my money is wasted it seems.Yu Yuphoria is better than Yureka Plus. Facing some problem in the phone like battery issue, themes not working properly, calling, etc.i has purchased yureka plus two weeks ago. This phone is working fine. But there is a heating problem when watching movies through net.Both Camera was awesome  ..the phone sometimes hangs a little bit  ..and heats while gaming..Sometime switch off automatically ..Very nice feachers in this cost is available......work very smoothly .......play store is showing error, but it is internal problem....Not at as per the standards. Device is too much heating and Battery is very poor not even lasting for 10 hrs with 2g and 30min calling.Good phone But gets heated up quickly if you play heavy games and some light ones like clash of clans too but overall its a good phone.the phone is good. but i had an isuue with headphone. i had complained to the customer sevice of yureka plus but no response from them.Product me to koi kami nhi h has heating karta h aur thodi si calling me problam h usko bi mene coustmer me call kar ke dur kar li.....Did not receive 1000 rs gift cardFirst of all, what are the most important components when we think about smartphone? - they are 1) Large & bright display 2) Battery that lasts at least for one full day & 3) Good Camera.Now according to me Yureka lacks one very important thing & that is long lasting battery. The phablets(due to thier screen size) must have at least 3000mah battery to last a day of moderate usage.Dont buy this phone, after 3 month use, there is lot of issues coming like auto data on or off. worst and slowing overall performance.Phone is value for money and also offers some great features. However the battery life is not that impressive but still a decent phoneHiPlease do not buy this phone..low quality & overall performance is very poor.Please do not waste your money.I got phone yesterday I started using today it is getting very hot. I have to see features properly before I write more cCommentGood Mobile and nice camera quality even if zoomed, pictures do not get blurr.Just one problem is that battery is fast draining.Frankly, I didn't faced much issues with mobile. Everything is working fine..I'm a moderate user and what I felt is:-No much heating problem,-I didn't faced any crashing problem-Camera is awesome (I have attached image), -----Battery last easily for 24 hours (even with 24 hours of WiFi)-Takes 180 Minutes to charge from 10% to 95%-Cyanogen is awesomeI would recommend it to others....Not satisfied with product...UI problem (restart problem)Battery problemHeating problemsDon't buy this deviceYUYureka plus warm up and it hurts ear, secondly itsbrightness decreses automticly and some time it really difficult to find thewordsoverall phn was good but battery drainage is the problem with this phn and we can save battery by reducing running apps on backgroundThere is heating problem....feature of this mobile is very good compare to other brand mobile. Company should solve heating problem..Gets hot very hot hangs don't buy battery drain very fast I tried it for 5 days and customer care is not supporting have to wait longBattery standby is worst.Ringtone sometimes automatically goes to silent mode.these 2 problems i faced in this mob.I bought it one month ago and I return the product within 10 days because it over heat.... It was a frustrating experience to buy itit is a good product i buy it in 9999 and two month later 1000 gift card came becoz it price down after next day when i placed orderVery bad ...Pls don't buy the mobile..Very heat produce  even use for 10minits.And battery backup only for 5hrs...Features are good.. but it gets heated up after normal use.. and when you come to know about it.. its too late to return or replace.Amazing phone at this price. Only one problem. Heating. Hope it will be taken care of after an update.In love with this phone.low battery backup and  heating problem and 13gb internal hai  16 nhi .... baaki sab tik haiwese 8999 me sabse best phone h yePhone value 4 money but incoming cal display not coming on screen n suddenly got black screen every time reboot done n old data lostheating issues and battery prblmIt gives very heatAnd its battery is very bedCharging is ver slowIn shop clues its price is 7999 onlyBhul k bhi mat lena is fon ko din me 4 bar charge krna padta h thodi c der use karo heat ho kata h or service to bhot jada bekaar hOkay Okay product!!! Not so great. Heating like an Iron box, You can use it to iron your clothes freely without need of an iron boxNot happy with productIt laags a lot even when phone memory is empty I wish i could have bought mi4 insted of yureka :(YU Yureka Plus is very fast, swift and clarity of camera/video is fantastic!  I'am very much thrilled by its quality!! go for it!!!I have disappointed for this Mobile...... It is heavy heating problem and fast draining battery....HEATING HEATING HEATING.........I'm shocked with the way it's heating up.. So dissatisfied with it... Even its performance is bad.. The experience has made me sad.phone gets heated up very fast..2 android updates since it got released hasn't resolved the issue, seems to an issue with hardwareNice mobile but could have been better if battery backup should be improved as battery backup is poor as per 2500 mah is concernedScreen and performance is good..But gets overheated frequently while playing heavy games and multitasking.. Otherwise good phone..Too bad quality product, camera is not reached to our expectations.Not full HD display, battery backup is 12 hours, Dont Buyvery bad experience. Its camera is faulty. AFTER ONE MONTH CAMERA CAPTURE DIM IMAGES. DONT PURCHASE IT. NO SERVICE NO REPLACEMENT.Dear amazon support departmentThis handset is not working properly.... It's getting hang again & again... Please replace it.Don't buy don't waste your money..They claim 13mp camera but its nt more than 5mp actual.Also battery backup is only 4hrs with 3g.Because while charging the phone its gets too warm and screen is also getting warm.I think I wasted may money of Rs. 8999/-gets very hot..software update require for controlling CPU throttlingOverall good for very basic and fast usageits heating too much even I cant talk for sometime and battery drains fastly and also lagging sometimes.please rectify my problemSuperb mobile,initially i had a problem with the battery back up but after installing clean master ,i got a good battery back u.If u want to go ur hard-earned money in vain then please buy this mobile... Basically it's not a mobile it's a iron machine.....phone has dialer issue backup issue and the phone is not having proper camera as need to be in with flash their is serious issueThe product is very good.but the battery drain very fast and over heating.can you improve battery quality and send me one.worst battery backup and most defect is over heating while on phone calls and using internet even 5mins usage and good in cameraWorth for money ....But good product yurecs plus ...but YU yureca is update version is good product and quality unmactchedIt is hot phone for hot guys, because its having heating problem.Temperature rises around 50.7c. It is hottest ever.Dont buy... hopeless product. I return it in single day. It is heating to much so that you can make omlate on it.batter is poor.pros:1.Value for money2.Loaded with features3.Good battery lifecons:camera not as good as expectedphone battery life is poor.it's work as 1GB ram phone. phone-book and call menu slowly work.and hang if multiple apps use.amazing phone at amazing  priceawesome product, amazon serviceI bought it 3months back and its perfomance is good with good autofocus camera and other features are good at this price point.Simply superb mobile.touch is very nice.all facility in one model.But really one problem charging take 3hours to complete 100%.Look good but no battery backup. Even without Internet browsing battery drained full charged battery  gives only 12 to 14 hoursGuys please don't buy this phone.yureka not providing after sales service.i called them for problem so many times even sent them lots of emails regarding phone problem but no one ready to resolve the problem.after 3 months phone not charging,dialer not working you can not see the dial numbers.please don't buy one of the bakwas phone....i will give 0 star...The only con I can tell is the battery backup..... Otherwise it's really a beast.... Wonderful phone at this price group......1. Heats very much even while watching videos in full brightness in MX player.2. Battery drains very fast(in 2.5 hours).Seriously HEATS up very fast. Battery drains soon. Performance is okay. Camera clarity is also Okay. not liked the phone much.Good phone @9k some os issue is but they promised that they will fix the issue in latest update over all it is very decent buyVery rubbish camera quality battery backup is also very bad and also dissipate The Heat you can make  egg omelet easily on itHad this serious heating issues. Also was not working as expected of an octacore processor. The apps were hanging very often.Loud speakers are worst,headphones are best,low audio on call,battery drains rapidly and takes too much time for full charge.worst phone....phone heats up like a hell....dont buy it if u want to use your phone for more than 10-15 mins continously....Its not up to the mark...U can't pic ur call the screen goes black and the battery is like a room heater for winters...Pros:1.Very good specs -5.5", 2GB RAM, 16GB ROM, HD Display, Gorilla Glass, Dual SIM with LTE, Octadcore, Android 5.1 with Cyanogen2. Form factor is great/ Big Screen and slim body3. Cyanogen OS 12 is a classCons:1. Overheating problem for any kind of data transaction or App Usage2. Basic functions like calling and SMS'ing are affected.  This was the main reason why I had to return the phone3. Battery life very short, hardly 4-6 hrs; Having 2900mah battery is a concern4. Some of the Media Apps show choppiness whilst working5. Customer support is very poor. Either they do not reply to mails or they give very silly excuses as responses for the defective functioning of the Phone.6. Even no news on any kind of fix for the mentioned issues.I had to return the phone due to the issues.  However, I would like to thank the amazing Amazon Customer care, who took my request and were able to undertake the return of the Phone.  THanks to the dealer Cloudtail also.Wtf ! I subscribed for 8999/- deal and when the deal began and it showed 9999/-price after all offers ! I mean it should b 8999/-.. wtf is wrong with u people !For the price range best phoneHeating up while playing gamesThy not provide any update....Heat issue. Bad sound quality.awesome phone in that budget .Best phone in this range. 4G LTE with 2 GB RAM. Speed & quality is up to the mark.Advise all to purchase this phone...Xiaomi Mi3 5" 2.3GHz Quad Core 16GB ROM 2GB RAM 13MP CAM Android KitkatI found it better then YU Yureka Plusur time is well bcz u r not foolish , first use this mobile from anybody brought then say me ur opinion .it willl be superrrYureka plus is the best phone in this range but it also had heating problem like on playing heavy games ( GTA SANDREAS ,etc)Hi..I am facing a problem in messaging in text.There is mark on screen .Pls help me to solve this problem.The worst product I ever ordered and d biggest problem of d phone is call function is not working. Heating problem persists.U get every thing  u want under 10000 u get in other brands like HTC Samsung Nokia for 18-20 thousandThe best in 10000Mobile is good todays I got the delivery from amazon .  too much heating while using hope it will not blast & break my head.worsted phone ever...Poor Camera Quality.Heating Issue.Hanging Problem.Fast Battery Draining.i bought this phone in last monthfirst time i face many problem from this phone but now my phone is performing batterPhone is good but does heat up during gaming but manageable.Display colour temperature is cool which reduces the feelWorst mobile I have ever seen.This mobile got heated within few minutes.I have returned just using one day! Dont go for it.Worth for the money but initial problem of connecting to WiFi was present. Also have to face heating issues if game addict.Heating issue persist during the playing game or any heavy application.Thermal dissipation is not good of this Phone.Phone is good but heating issue is there.battery life is low.sometimes when call came it looks black.other things are good.Build quality of this product is very bad .  Accidentally phone got dropped from a small hight and front glass got broken .. Good phone for all purposes, the camera is very gracious .Battery life is not as much good. Very stylish and good lookingYU yureka mobile screen digitizer Brocken during charging I required replaced the same please replaced it I pay these priceHey YU, i am not able see file manager in menu bar please help me I cannot access many of my important file the,  thank yuoA decent phone for it's price. Screen resolution is very good, so is the camera. Heating issue still remains a big concern.It heated for no reason and lagged on some basic apps like dialer and messaging. Returned it after couple of days of usage.It has hitting issues and very bad battery backup. I do not expect much from a 9K mobile but basic things are missing here.Terrible product , Serious over heating issue. Please avoid any cheap product with such a high expectation and no delivery.Very awesome mobile .. Compare than lenovo vibe k4 note and much better camera than xiaomi redmi note 3This is a super phone in its price. Its Camera Quality is very good. But its bad part is that it was going heat very soon.Always trusted Micromax as it was my first ever smart phone.Now this one definitely more advanced & price effective.Yureja plus battery life is very much poor also it become hot many times. Phone gets hang also very bad experience so far!Battery backup is not up to the level as expected. The camera quality of this 13 megapixels is not as good Samsung & Sony.Got all features in my budgetIts a good phone. I love it..Heats like an ironbox.. Takes 4 hours to charge .. Lags in UI like lockscreen and dialer . good camera and display thoughHello! Yu Yureka plus is the best mobile in the budget of 15000 after mi4. I am also using the same phone and I am happy.Phone is ok but from 3 rd week onwards my son wanted to change . Takes lot of time to charge , battery drains very fast .Good phone decent specs . no one should post negative propaganda . only 2 faults .... No OTA updates and battery drainingGood looking. But battery drains fast. Too much time taking for charging the battery. Some times touch is not responding.worst phone in my life i have used 7 smart phone this is last.this is useless device i would suggest every one to not buyI like it.. But I got email That amazon will send me 1000rs giftcard. Beacause I paid 10000rs. I didint got any gift cardOverall product is very good,but only promble is the battery, it drain fast,sopk look at this problem try to resolved it.The product is bad. it continuously getting switched off and on. So guys think once before you choose to buy this piece.All is good battery also k but except updates. The phone is good new updates are removing bugs. It's feeling good to useGot this phone 10 days back, everything is excellent in the phone. Performance, built, camera superb, only battery life is little less....it lasts for 1day in moderate use.I had played mortal combat 5 , FIFA 2015 on it never lags evn for a sec. Not much heating problem, though u feel some.Go for it!!!!!!!!!........It hangs most of the tym,charging up also takes very long,battery drains quickly...better to opt for some other one ...Very good performance.Front & back camera very goodGood vedio qualityBest phone of the value of moneyAll features are excellent but I am having a trouble with otg . Therefore I requested a return.Otherwise a great phone.Real value for money. Obviously not an alternative to the flagships of the bigger brands, but very good value for moneyGood.OSSize of screenValue for moneyBadPerformanceHeating during internet usePhone is hanging and battery is getting  heated up quickly and Internet is slow and how to exchange , please suggest meYou might face problems while answering your phone - the screen won't respond until the call is cut.. So, tough luck...All over ok .. But battery alway drain , heating mobile always, n front camera is also bad, i m not happy to dis phn :(Please friends Don't buy YU yureka plus mobile phone its not a mobile phone its a heater a worst phone I have ever usedit is really a excellent mobile at this price i am using it since last 1 week and i am much satisfied with this productSuch a rubbish phone i ever had.At night phone chrgng ws 50% wen i woke up in the morning it is 30%.Isnt it bad.?Dont buy this phone..... The audio quality in call is pathetic....... Also too much of phone heating problem is there.Awesome phone. I gave away my Samsung s4 after  using this phone. If you love to customize your phone please go for itThis mobile heats up everytime. it is useless dont buy it. I want to return it but i cant as i passed 10 days windows.not working properly hang so much , heat up soon , battery back up is less.not upto the mark like other devices.Product is good, but getting heated from back side very soon facing this problem. Solve this problem if possiblebetter performance and good camera ..... charging 1 day...by using net and gaming............lightly heating issue....This phone has started giving issues, it suddenly goes off mainly while checking pictures or opening any application.It is not good performer according to it featuresSome problems on the display.Problem of heating very badNot best battery is not good no service is available my mob is so heating i am so upset heir is no service centre....Earphone is not properly working and sound quality is low.and when flash is use to take picture so image is blurred .Compare to all phones it s better,  iam using from last one month, I didn't face any problems, battery s 2500 mah ...Very good Student Budget Featured Phone.l purchased it on 6th Aug flash sale for Rs. 8999/-. Loving it. Satisfied :-)I got it on 29 the July and its fabulous.  nothing is wrong in my phone everything works smoothly best buy in 10 k :)Packaging was very nice, i got impressed by this and also the phone quality is better than previous version. Love it.CAN ANY ONE TELL WHAT TYPES OF CHANGES MADE IN YUREKA PLUS  FROM YUREKA.  I SAW NOT ANY CHANGES IN PLUS EXCEPTS PRICEBakwas Phone!!heated like furnesh..and Battery drains soo quickly in 3hrs net usage... Go for lenovo K3note guys!!!!The phone having heating problem . phone is hanging up regularly . No Applications are working . Worst phone ever.Heating issue .and the function will auto close with massege "unfortunate the stop".that is not good thingIt has average camera and bad gaming my device didn't play FIFA,Maybe that is defective but Worst experienceIts a good phone and as usual amazon services are the best. Only issue is its gets heat up and that to pretty fastwhen u hav some notification den d screen doesnt show d callheating occurs in general usecharging slowlaging hanging issueheating issue cant hold the mobile from upper speaker sidetoatal lose wrong byuingMy Yureka hrating very  can not make call while data on or phone regular on screen 4 5 minit pls tell me whati do?It's Just a trash. Having lot of problems. I purchased it with huge expectations. It let me down in every aspect.Awesome Mobile ....But Charging time is very long. Yu Yureka  Please upgrade battery 2500 MAH to Atleast 3000 MAHA good phone..  But the only disappointing feature is that it gets heated up so fast such that we cannot use it..This is nice mobile but have some problem.If one who use this 4g network the mobile will heating too much .2to3 min chat mobile will be heatAny 2/3 app use and phone heatPhone will charge 2/3 min heat the mobNice one in this price. Camera is extremely good but battery backup is poor.However you can use charger also. :-PMobile is awesome.... But...mobile net browsing started..within 15 minutes... Mobile.. Heating.. Very too much...Do not buy this phone.It was good before the lollipop update . I would rather prefer YU yureka than yu reka plusExcellent Display, Look and feel, UI, Performance, usability. No heating issue.Battery capacity low.6k price me mobile phonescam quality goodlook stylishsome time heating but okgood mobileVery bad phone with heating problem even if the phone is not in use. When calling it gets heated like a furnace.The volume of ear piece is very low. The voice of caller can not clearly hear. I am not satisfied by this phone.Awesome camera abd awesome performance. You may run number of applications in background with no problem at all.Can I get the basic back cover which is applied on battery.Very very nice product beyond price limitGood to use and camera is also good to take pictures but the battery life is very low charge 2 to 3 times a day.Very good phone. Liked the dual sim, 4 g speed. Often the touch feature is bit slow. For the price this is best.phone is very awosm display quality with full hd display 1080p display  and 401 ppi display .  I LOVE YU PRODUCTBattery backup only 3-4 hours . heating like hell.. bugs everywhere. Nothing good in this phone and nothing elseI had registered for this product and since 12pm it never showed the discounted price. It's always showing 10999Charging takes a lot of time. Micromax should also launch flip cover for it as the ones in market are too bulky.Awesome display quality and performance, look also good, but rear side is much cheaper.Bad battery backupI am not satisfy with this. Worst bettry back up. Go through HTC or Sony with same range. Contact no 8057902107The only problem is that it gets heated up if u use heavy apps & then if a call comes its too difficult to talkGets hot and battery stays for very less time... Not bad for the price. With price it's the best available now.Phone feature was god but realty is phone was not working for properly its to much time take to full charge....Excellent service by amazon, the product is really very good bt only one problem that it heats up very quickly.product is almost good but there is one problem. that one is it is not showing contact saved in sim card memoryAbout 4 month mbl was good but In one day my mbl automatically switch off and than mbl is not on what can i doOne of the Worst Product from Micromax. I am really irritating with this mobile from the beginning of the day.nice phone. good display. but sometimes it becomes slow and hangs. voice clarity is average. good budget phoneYU Yureka Plus very very heat for ideal time, charging time very long mininum 6 hrs. charging time is requiredBest phone at this price.it can only be done by indian manufacturer.felt proud to see"made in india ".Very good.. Best YU support/ customer care..YU the best.. Awesome phone and great delivery by Amazon's..snapdragon is not gud enough .....no lagging perfect fr every users who dont lyk hanging their phones...Its okI love this phone. The best option available for a price point below Rs 15000.Awesome screen and camera.when i buy this its price was 9 999 but nwit reduced to 8 999 its alose for me about 1000 hw can i regain thisPhone's sound is vibrating (speaker or the headset's sound is broken not audible I will be returning it Amazon2 problems is 1) heating 2) Camera quality could be better, but for this price range, it is excellent product.My yu yureka plus is over heating even while charging, watching movies etc. It automatically restarts anytimeHeating heating and only heatingCyanogen is just wowwwCamera is goodUpgrade is not coming..Nice phone but does nt meet my expectations as it has some lags plus the heating problem is sometimes severe.full value of money .. nice touch easy to use..... app runing vry smoothly... . value for money at this priceHaving good features with bad battery back up, limitation of Camera use, Hanging issue, to much heating, etc.Overall its a good package but the heating and battery are a disaster. Sorry yureka I have return this phone.hmmm...Great one by YU....the only thing we have to manage the apps in right way, to get good stand by.Device heats up . need to change the placement of soc . the 3g and WiFi switching needs reboot most of time .Poor phone, heating issue , battery back up and lag issue, very poor performanceCamera is also not goodHeating and poor battery performance on heavy usage but the problem of heating is quite common on this deviceBattery downs very quickly.  If you find comfortable to charge the phone twice a day then its perfect for youYu Yureka plus is available with best futures in low cost compared to other brand. Till it is work smoothly.Very poor battery discharging and Mb heat up no any response from YU or amazon even though complain registerSuper phone ..true value for money...It matches with samsung S4 in its functioning..Much better ratherNice smartphone. Another great product from Micromax.Thanks to Amazon for the speedy delivery !!The product is good but battery backup very lo while reduced earlier manner . and also over heat touch alsoMobile is good but battery is not pic up.,early charge empty, i am returned the mobile let see other mobile.Awesome Phone . If u have a budget of less than 10k best phn in ds range. Touch n Screen Quality is awesome.Great phoneBig screen,beter display qualityGood camera qualityPhone is littile bit heatingItem is good, but it's being too hot to handle whenever using net may be and for this reason may be returnedvery nice and  i like good product i have purchased through amazon this price also good and delivery on timeIt sometimes get hang and heat problem is still there and also its too slow when compare to 1.5GHz processorNot satisfy, screen display is off while receiving and dialing..Lots of features in given range.But:1) Heats up a lot2) Mobile restarts on its own.not good , I have returned with in a week , thanks to amazon, picture quality very bad, sound also not goodDon't order it battery is very poorHeating problemsBack speaker quality is very poorBokasGetting heat up very soon, also showing error in connecting WiFi few times and I have to restart the phone.If there was guinness world records,for world worst phone maker company #YU will stand first. To get it.THIS PRODUCT SUCKS... AND THE RETURN PROCEDURE SUCKS EVEN MORE... HEATS UP AND FEELS LIKE EXPLODING ON HANDThere are good and some bad features of mobile  phone : battery gets heated and temperature rises very highVery Bad Mobile (I hateYU Yureka Plus mobile)Heating IssuesBattery Lifeunfortunately has stopped errorThe cell was already used ..n the screen guard was removed....and certain pictures were already clicked ...phone is good but Heating is a problem while charging or using share it.  It is worth buying.. good deal...Best Phone for this Pricejt is getting heated fastVery high Heating issue..Spec wise with that pricing its good but hell lot of heating issue even after normal usage. Waste of moneyTake number of hours for a full charge, ow charging Hang quite often. Camera quality needs to be improved.Money wastage k3 note is better option for thisIt heat more slow processor poore battery performanceGood for all others except call quality. But amazing browsing smoothness. Phone switches off occasionally.Useless phone with useless specs. Will always hang when needed. Even the dialer hangs when dialing a call.this phone become heater whenever i play the game. i don't touch phone after 15 minute because it's so hotPhone gets heated very frequentely, Performance is very slow. Always removing battery of phone to restart.Mobile is heating. Not able to understand what to do... Need help from yureka. Please suggest immediately.I'm loving it. Yes it gets heat up but that's not an issue for me. CyanogenMod is awesome.Screen is vivid.Synonymous to s*** . Nothing like a camera, a battery, sensors, even the lock code! Nothing like a phone.Except heating problem everything is fine. Heats like hell when playing games and continuous use of wifi.Awesome. No comparison found for this phone till now. A great thing for a cheap price. That's yureka plusek dum 3rd class phone. waste of money..camera not good..hanging while using..but sound quality is good..I am facing the problem of phone hanging a lot while using this phone.I am not satisfied with this phone.I never suggest to any one to use this phone because camera is very low clarity.its price is to high nnnnphone is hanging.  batter backup is very low.back camera is very poor quality. it is not 13 MP quality.in yu yureka mobile, there is heating problem and late charging problem occured.and other is well .Excellent product except battery. Good camera, good performance. But battery is poor. Still worth buying.Nice features within this price. Every thing is ok but hard to open the back cover for inserting the sim.Please dont buy yureka mobile or yu products... Service quality is very very very pooor...please dont buyDisplay superb. ButLoud speaker is low . while calling sensor not work properly. OTG not unmounted.Overall the performance of the  phone is good but it has serious heating issue and battery drain problem.Often restarts.. Battery drains faster and charging time is more..not even worth for 5k.. camera is goodAwesome phone at such competitive price. Unfortunately YU roled it out. 64-bit processing is too good...The Phone is good but lacks some things 1) Cannot see SIM card no., voice is very low , heats very fast.Best of android phone I had ever.Good performance.Awesome specifications.Budget price.bakwas....Phone was not properly working and there was a lot of hanging problem....Please don't purchaseExcellent phone in this price range. no heating  and have a good capacity of power backup. no complaint.good configuration...but has a little bit of lag....battery stands  for less than 20hrs on average usagetoo much heating problemthe worst product, that i ever seen and after i used , i totally feel the worstest product of the worldA little slow when memory is near full ,  other than that , no issues .Highlight is its  camera .No screen on several times when incoming call received.Phone heat up in very short time in using.I am extremely happy with the services of amazon & also liked the product Yu Yureka Plus ordered by me.Worded phone......Don't buy.....Work fine a week after that lots of bugs and disappointmentBetter HD screen and better performancePoor battery and high heating issueBest budget phoneThis is my Fifth Phone.Everyone is Complaining about BATTERY. Otherwise its worth the money paid.It is hanging a lot not working properly. The phone dailer doesn't seems to be working pls do somethingdefective product first time i replaced the order and again i faced the same problem phone is defectiveGood one.After updating all google apps , Battery life improved and also heating issue minimised.Please don't by this phone, worst phone I ever seen, you can do iron for your clothes with this Mobileit is just a simple phone.  Nothing as big as we heard abt it.  It fails my expectations.  Dubba Phonethis mobile is very good ,camera qulity is good, but call ke doran fucstion automatic open ho jata haiBest phone ever...in flexible price....good quality.....for cyanogen lovers. Handsfree is also awesomePoor product.Faced heating issue from day1 .No response from Yurekha and Amazon for replacement.Loved thia phone but its having some things which can be improoved like speakers, battery, and laggingAwsome phone!!!  But the only problem i faced is the heating problem!!  Otherwise i give 8.5 on 10...Best cell fr 9kCam clarity is superBut battery doesn't last longUnique than androidGot the item on 11th Aug, working very slow. During the last update, the phone just got switched off.Over heat....while charging n using internet....picture quality z good....best price for good featureVery hot device .There 'hot' mean it is use for iron on your cloth and also use us a induction.The phone gets heated up while speaking the opposite person cannot hear voice at all. Not worth phoneValue for money. Quick Delivery. Decent Battery Back up. Stunning Display. 9000 main aur kya chaahiyeits future technology smart phone,screen quality is very good,battery is very good,sound its amazing.I would have given 5star if u had solved d heating problems. This is d best mobile u can have for 9k.very bad in heating problem u can burn your cheeks by screen side.battery last for 3 hours onlyPlug in the charger , flip it over and you have now turned it to an Induction Stove! Damn it heats upThis mobile is very good and features very interesting but problem is only heeting on use mobile ....Has minor issues heating problems and Dailer crash errorsWorst Mobile. Under warranty period the customer  care take 3000rs. for repairing.Worst mobile ever.nice mobile but time of money wast i buy in 10000 thousand prajent price 8000 my mobile not valuablePhone is good, only there is heating issue which needs to be address.I am happy with features.Not good, heating up and hanging after 02 weeks only, or can be said after expiry of returning time.The phone becomes hot even through charging or playing games or during calling, had waster my money.Gooooood mobile in budget but giving lot of heating problem.But is having good touch,camera :)-1 because of the heating issue ..other wise this is a damn good phone considering overall features.The quality is not good. Within 2 weeks of usage, the print is fading. The layer getting peeled off.Product is good but I got a defective price so need to return it..but surely going to order it againduring normal operating time more HEAT, AND BATTERY back up is nt good during internet runing time..It heats too much some times its impossible to hold it. And battery backup is not good as described.Heating problem, heats near the ear piece. Requested for a replacement. Lets see how other one worksDnt buy the cheap s****Awesome. There's nothing to say about the phone. Its just awesome. I'm having a amazing experience.I used the phone last few months,, fully satisfied, camera quality really good(Sony),,HD screening!Not so good. Every time heating and hanging even it has 2 GB ram. Some times problem in microphone.Customer Service is very worst.  Please don't buy YU youreka phone cz software and hardware issue .Defective piece..late delivered by one day. Screen is not flashing number in case of incoming call.No Not a good Product Hangs even if not fully loaded with memory & apps......My decision was Wrong!Heating issue remains lyk yu... so thnk before u buy...Amazon service is gd... rtrnd my moneyThe phone is excellent. No problem at all. People complaining about it getting hot, are ridiculous.lots of customisations.....lots of fun....not jus a mobile..but a complete entertainment device....With the price it is good device. Heating issue exist. Soon it will heat and battery will dry soon.Very bad mobile very less battery backupLots of problem 2 gb hone ka bad bhi hang ho raha.haiBattery is not up to the mark other wise everything is OK.I think battery must be at least 3000 MahI just bought it ...I must say it is the best phone available at this price range...just go for it.Battery after 4 months is not charging properly. Its drains very very quickly and without any use.Good Product, till date no issue. If any one facing slow please updated to latest android version.Awesome phone good camera and a real budjet edition ... Like cyanogen os good value for money PhonGood phone at its price range! But there's heating issues.the upper half heats too much sometimes.The phone gets heated while charging and talking as well and the battery back up is also not good.The camera quality in the room light is very bad.. i made a return order just after few hrs of useProduct is gud. I m using yureka. I ordered this for someone to whom i suggest to buy this phone..Very nice phone, got all the latest features in it. Best phone in its range. Can't ask for more ''I just replace my yureka plus because of heating issue and the new one also heating from the startOver all till now its a good phone. But its overheating a lot, just a few hrs I've got this phone.Its really best phone for me and also for you I suggest this phone for all who choose engineering.Awesome product one who is interested in buying this should buy in the next sale only , so hurry up and grab your Yu Yureka . I have this phone since first sale , awesome product , cool customisation , and with the power of Cyanogen OS .i was very excited to buy this one but this is really a very very bad mobile, never buy this one.Battery Back and Heating issues. If you can manage with these, it will be the best phone for you.Nice gadget, but there is some heating problem and the battery consumption issue. Otherwise okay.Battery drain..only 8hrs..system ui crashes...gallery images crash up ...exchange also not done..I like dis phone its a good phone in low budget.. Battery lyf is so poor otherwise its a nyc phn.Configuration is OK but mobile is very slow. when using the mobile is very heating the handset...Good bit heating is the only problehellow plesse reply me quickly is this phone is micromax brandProximity sensor is not working heating problemBattery is taking too much time to recharge.Disappointing very sad battery is very poor heating problem. Do something to retain the customersGood ......  .....!!!!New phone came with software bugs. Could not even receive incoming calls!Had to return it.got discount of 1000INR more than usual discount. bough this for friend and he is happy with it.Yureka plus.... The phone such can challenge other & same costly specification phone.... Great 1Again heating and battery problem but  it is very easy to solve.  Now I am satisfied with yurekaPacking need to be improved. Since it is Mobile Phone Bubble Wrap is preferred. Other wise good.I hav Yureka ,  frm last 4 months and i dont want use this anymore .how can i replace this phoneYuerka Plus Is Superab Phone. The Phone Camera Is soo clear and the picture is crespy. I love itI have played a high resolution video...but  video doesnt play on device installed media player.Nice phone to operate ..battary nice ....screen , touch good....overall good product by amazon..The product heats too much. In just 5mins of installing apps the product generated so much heat.I got a problem with speaker.its sound quality isn't well with MX plyer.it got hang on first dayReceived the phone 30 mins back. Amazing service by amazon. Never ever ever late!WARNING: This review may be random in some parts. I am too lazy to provide headings etc so please read through the whole thing.Before I start this, you must know that I have been using HTC one X for the past 2.5 years and it is one of the best phones you can buy. Therefore I will be judging based on my past experience.Yureka plus comes no where even close to the build quality and feel of my old phone.I love to experiment and am a big fan of custom ROMs. This is the major reason why I bought this phone. I had managed to port a CM12 build for my oneX but it was full of bugs. I'm glad I can use an official CM12 build on this phone. It has a ton of new features but also lacks some from the kitkat version. But wait, this review is for the phone and not the OS. So lets start!PROS:The phone is slim and sleek. Build quality is ok.I like the textured back cover and it is a delight to hold!Huge screen. Very good brightness level. Display is sharp and colors are quite accurate.Camera is good.Front camera is much better than the one on my HTC.Really nice speakers. Not too loud like those "china phones".Supports LTE! yay!!CONS:Not too happy with the touch screen. I cant explain it. It just doesnt feel as snappy. I thought it was because of the lollipop interface but no. I have used a nexus 5 running 5.1 and it feels amazing. the touch is super responsive. This one seems damped out a little.It does heat up a bit (not a lot, just a bit). I cant complain though because even my previous phones (iphone, HTC one X and Nexus5) used to heat up under intense use. If you are upgrading from a simple phone to this one (or if this is your first smartphone) you will notice the heat pretty quickly. It also heats up in normal operations which my other phones don't.The screen (and surprisingly, even the back cover) is prone to fingerprints.The free screen guard is crap. Mine was damaged.You cannot insert/remove sim cards and memory card without removing the back cover.Call quality is just ok. The sound of the person you are talking to sounds "bassy". This is not expected from a phone in 2015!Even the "dada ji" of my phones (iphone 3gs) has a much better call quality.I hate the Yu Theme. But I guess this is a matter of personal choice. I prefer to keep the interface as stock as possible.I even disliked the sense 5 UI on my HTC which everyone else seems to be in love with. So yeah, you decide.VERDICT:Good phone. Good price. Worthy of 4 stars.NOTE: Will update this post if I encounter any issues.Very solid hardware. Cyanogen is well known for its design. Working very fine since purchased.Absolutely fantastic phone.Only be informed that the battery backup is 1 day only.Mobile heating problem.It makes mobile of no use as you can't talk more than 5 min using this.Itz vry gud phn bt it hang too much nw...... Cn u hlp me how to solve the problem plz.......??Yu Yureka Plus is a very good phone. This phone is beyond my expectation.V.K. GargIts a sleek Full HD device with octa core processor, within this price range device is awesomeVery nice mobile. Simply awesome... Nobwords to say abt Y... YU yureka plus... Loved ur phone.apps lag on the very first boot, heating issue..even get heated by playing you tube video onlymobile having hardware problem and dont know where to repair also. worst after sales service.battery is just pathetic........Buy nly if u hv a good power bank..n u dont hv ne othr optionPhone was having issue while connecting with internet and was restarting suddenly in between.hand set is ok if we continuously speak smart phone get heat that battery back up is not goodBadWiFi problemSwitch off itselfBought once replaced again but just wastageProduct is good but taking so much time for charging and slightly problem of overv heating,..Dont  go for this yu yureka brand, i purchased yu yureka in last march month and from  the day one itself i am facing o many issues like very poor batter back up, its taking 10  to 12 hrs to recharge in full and it will drain out in 3 to 4  hrs of normal use and over heating is an issue that its very difficult to hold in hand or hold near to our ears, network issue is like we have make reboot this set 10 times a day to get normal use, software issue is also a never ending processes , i made so many complaint to this customer care department and every time they given a new registration number( my complaint No, are : 1096295 and 108236) and every time they are giving some weird answers, most of the time when we call them they will hold our call min. 15 mints by calling this idiots i lost so many cash i made  more than 100 calls to solve my issue.  my humble request to all is dont go for this phone. if ur idle money in your pocket then you can try.I felt unhappy with this product...Always switch off the phone and sound also is not good...Good phone... But sometimes heats up.... But worth buying under 10k with packed features....Heating rapidly....Takes much time for battery chargingVery slow cpu processor..It is a nice smartphone .just one errorvis that it takes some time in connecting to networksBattery extremely poor. Phone gets very hot. It is slow and hangs very often. Camera is goodThe device is dead for about a month now and no service has been provided towards the issue.Battery  drains like a hell.Battery very very poor. .Continues useage the mobile get heated.Good product ...takes slight long time to charge fully.. overall good product at this price!Battery Back up is very poor if you charge it in morning 7 AM it will not with you even 5 PMIs yu yureka plus supports fast charging feature??  As its lacking in original yureka phone.The phone seems to be getting quite hot even with regular use,surfing. Can anything be done?pls help when call is coming, mobile screen is black no use keys and touch. what can i do ?Sum software glicthes bt thats based from company to resolve it. product delivery very goodProb with call sensor. When the call comes, no display on screen. What might be the problemDelivered on time phone looks and feels gud but too much of heating issues bit disappointedGood but my headset not working properly.. While listening music little disturbances comingBad experience with yu yureka plus...it heats up a lot i need a solution of this problem???Battery is really a big problem. Taking long time for charging, Not lasting even for a day.does it have on screen keys or touch keys ?so bad phone hting problem.yu yurekaa plusPhone heats up abnormally. Otherwise its rich in features. But due to heating there is riskdon't buy its scrape over heating even on using WiFi i have returned it on second day only.Phone is nice. Value for money but you can iron ur clothes with it after 30 minutes of use.First time got a defective one,2nd time everything is going fine so far,fingers crossed....Loved everything thing about this model but overheating is a serious problem , returned itAwesome phone I ordered 2 so far ...color feel is awesome n config is very much supportiveBest in price and performance but has heating problem otherwise it is good product from Yumobile is getting over heat, no one are answerable for this and battery backup is not goodThis mobile is a very low battery and hitting problem . No return .  And software problem.Battery backup was bad. This take 6-7 hour to charge and all battery discharge in 1-2 houri just received the delivery of this phone yesterday and the phone is heating while using.user interface need improvement.it takes more time to open any application.its slow.Worst phone ever I used nd now I can't even replace the phone . my 8,999 ruppes wasted....ravas service by amazon nice product for college student as well as working professionals.The colours r too dull ....its even worse then yureka ....I don't know how is this full hdSuperb phone! . . . Great camera! and great viewing angles! . . . doesnt heat up that muchBattery getting low within 2 hours its really rediculas and also getting heat like burningJust recieved it yesterday. Looks/Works exactly how i expected. Would definately recomend.Worst phone under 11k heats up a lot not upgrading for cm 12.1 yureka is better than thisGood product for that price.  The the main draw back is its battery.  Otherwise it is O.KThis phone is over heated while using the phone and also 3g problem while net is working.wow super mobile at range 10000. at gud spec.awesome look..gud battery backup. i loved itAs per the configuration ,working best. Overall performance is good, recommend to buy it.Waste product.... It is difficult to buy it... But it is not worth for lot of procedure..Sich a nice phone...Must Buy, Best in Price range for India. no problem with the phone, Got delivered in 2 days, good delivery service, gives full details on tracking the mobile.Pros:1) Already installed games and many applications no issues yet, Runs perfect fine2) Best in prices range, have used other phones in this price(even more priced), this phone is handling the best3) Cyanogen OS 12, is the best OS you ever experience(in this range phones), visuals are like high range phones4) 64 bit processors, no there phones gives similar spec in this range(not according to my knowledge- till date)5) Good camera, but not like high range 13MP'sCorns:1) After sale service, no idea what Micromax is planning for YU series, but its a big gambling from my side by buying this phone2) Till now no problems from the phones, will be updating if any.worst . not working properly. getting heated up too much and lot of applications problemGreat! Though the phone has some heating problem but no problem from the side of Amazon.Good phone for that time, but have lagging and hanging problems after some month of use.Very good Product,Lollipop version automatically update the phone,Very Nice Phone.......Its heating too much, and the battery backup is also poor.  Spped & Camera is very good,I am totally happy with the phone. Using it from past 2 Months and no issues recognized.Mera phone abhi tak return nhi hua .. Maine 23 september ko return ki request ki thi .Features are good, but during low signal device will become heat. Except this, its good.Its very good but there is problem when we use continue 2 hours or 1 hour it becomes hotAmazing phone at this price range.Processing is fast & smooth. Display is awesome.Received promptly. The performance of mobile set is not up to the mark. It gets heated .Phone is not good because I use phone very hit this phonePlease replies this phoneThe worst phone in the world, the phone has decent specs, but everything is in vain since it gets hot as hell, without any reason, at times it gets hot when you are not even using it, it gets hot even when it's just lying in one corner, cyanogenmod 12.0 is a nightmare, since there is no balance in the processor cores, all the cores are working at once. If gets so hot, that you can't hold it in your hands, or hold it near your ear. Now lets talk about the service, before launching the phone they promised that they will assign a person to pick up the device from our home for servicing, and the same person would return the device when it is done. They don't even pick up the damn phone, and when you email them, they reply you with a automated response, no matter what your problem is they provide the same solution. I think amazon should just break the partnership with this YU Televentures, since it is harming amazon's business too, and I am not the only one who has the problem. Check out their facebook page's comment section, all your questions will be answered. Stay the hell away from Yureka or Yuphoria.it was juz worst mbl and the processor is too slow i think i got a second handed mbl...camer function very good , other funcation very good but big problem phone over heatingIts only mouth publicity.very poor performance i am very very unhappy with this mobile.Worst phone ever.. battery camera display all are worst.. I returned it within 1 week..Please give me advice why phone hiting so much near the camera what I'm doing right nowGood quality, design and processing speed with low price  ........Satisfied......Wow amazing phone , fhd display is very good , amazing performance....!!Superb...After two days of use.. It is good. performance is also good. Only issue with battery.There was Mic problem and hanged too within 2 days of purchase...so very poor quality.First of all yu yureka is heating too much .some time lagging in some operation.Dont buy this s*** !!  EVEN HEATS UP DURING NORMAL USAGE AND BATTERY LIFE JUST SUCKS !Worst phone ever purchased. Dialer stopped, hang overall, Heat very much, no services.Nice camera processing speed is so fastThnx to micromax for km PSE me jayda kaamGood phone. But little bit heating issue. Otherwise it is best as that of one plus oneI am totally unsatishfied with this phone as it gets heated after few minute of usage.I am using it since last year there is no problem in itSuperb at the price 8999It is very good as per price, but one heating problem is a big problem for the phone.Dont buy this phone. Customers care properly not response. My phone back speaker stopBattery back is low and phone warm soon rest of these the phone has best performance.Best Device In Cost Of :- 8999/-Best Features and best in performance........:)Great phone at this price. Camera is superb and display is fantastic. Very satisfied.In time delivery ..big size screen..awesome camera..than expected.. Worth buying it..Overall a good product .if something can be done of it's battery and heating problem.I purchased it in January 2015 (second lot). Till last week it was working normally under very low using conditions.Now, after 8 months, problems especially with BATTERY, are coming up one by one. It is taking more than 12hours for 100% charging (during night). More than 5 hours for 40% charging (subject to no usage during charging period). Machine is also getting heated up abnormally while charging, which was not so during earlier days.Tried to contact local Micromax service centre in Bhopal through phone for warranty but got denied to provide service for Yu phones.I suggest NOT TO PURCHASE any kind of YU MOBILES till local service centres are opened.Someone may help me whom to contact. I would like to return this DANGEROUS product, as it may blast at any time during charging.My battery doesn't last even for 2 hours . Please recommend some way for my problem.Camera is excellent. Battery back is also excellent. But little bit heating problem.Heating is the only problem. Getting heated when we are not using it. Frustated.. :(Everything is up to the mark camera is awesome in this price only heating is problemOnly concern is with battery and clarity of camera battery is draining like anythingBattery is not good enough phone getting hot and sometime system UI has been stoppedBattery could be better. Else phone is excellent in features and very user friendly.Nice phone with two disadvantag 1 heats up quickly and battery drains very fastly...Heats up too quickly!  especially using 3G or while making calls which is not good..Good one in this price...all the features are good...but there is heating problem...thats phone is very very goodi like this smartfhonei use this smartphoneFeatures ExcellentHDMemory, Touch, Camera all very goodSatisfied..This is nice but some problem.it's display was automatic dork in call received time.Battery too weak. Discharge quickly in stand by mode also. want replacement/ refund.over heating, battery dries fastly when usage ..but when in standby its k, overall kGreat Phone...!Battery backup a bit issue due to its higher display quality..!can any tell me contact no of cloudtail india Pvt...Bangalore...(for return purpose)Low dam availability and battery eater  better go for something else with this priceBrilliant phone. It's such a great improvement from its predecessor. Hats off to YU.My YU Yureka plusheating problem in yu yurekha plus phone and restart problemgood product according to price but found some heating problem at back speaker areaBattery Backup is very poor.Maximum times is hangs.Camera Quality is too low.Fone is exilant but if u singing song and some time is Colling fine is very heatingMajor drawback- phone getting heated up very quickly.secondly worst battery backup.Good Value for money ! Broadely the set is okay. Few small things could have fixed.Everything is working fine but hearing issue is there.it is getting heat very earlyI am really very happy buying this product. this is amazing phone. value for money.One the worst mobile...As battery run out very quickly & heat like a oven....The mobile is nice but battery back up is little less and the mobile is getting hotLow on battery n heats a lot. Good  n fast phone. it needs atleast 3500 mAh batterymy first purchase in amazon is my best purchase ....this is a best phone in 9000...People saying it is bad phone just wait for cynogen 12.1 it solve all your problem.Worst phone... Yureka also a worst phn... U will surely get irritated by this phoneGreat phone but has 2 major disappointments1) battery2) heating problemThis is the review of yureka mobile. After using this mobile for 6 months, in the bigining got the issue in proximity sensor and call drops issue. Later YU has provided an code *#*#7769#*#* to solve sensor problem. But sometimes mobile gets same problem, and very soon gets fixed when I use this code. Sometimes During a call when i hold mobile near ear the screen doesn't lit off, and the few options gets activated like loudspeaker gets on, records call etc. And there is an sudden call drops issue. Faced lot of times. Mobile gets heated when on a call. Suddenly restarts when I am using mobile. Its like we people testing mobile for YU team. Still lot of problems to be fixed in Yureka mobile and already YU has released next version called as Yureka+ to market. Please YU team fix these issues first.The product is OK.  But the memory is only 12.8 GB instead of 16 GB as advertised.Plz don't buy this phone. Its a heating bar.most useless phone I have seen so far.Battery and heating issue is the main problem..there are some lags during charginggood product but battery discharging too early...battery life needs to be enhancedPlease don't buy...phone is not smart its heater ... Even you make a omlate on it.Sometime restarts during call. Sometime screen doesn't activates to drop the call.Everything is OK but mobile is getting heat while using internet or playing games.Great phone , good camera and performance but lacking in battery and speaker soundBelow average phone.Bakwas....Heating, Leg in cyanogen rom, battery drain fast.Its a nice phone... Compare with any other brand value phones... Its works same...that mobile not working... but am complain amazon but they are not take any action1. mobile overheat. 2.battery too weak, 3. frequently bugging. 4. camera not good.some time lagging. phone is heating after some minor uses. but good display and UISuper camera with super gaming experience ....but some time it shows some error...finalyy i recive the yu yureka pluse from amazone...itsst toooo rock phone... i love it...... great price money value ..but battary little bit prblm,, over alla gud phone .......There was a system update, I kept it for the update and it is not turning on now.Battary problemeYhere is when charge then mobile wat produse hit on outsideHeating and battery drain out problem. Neglect this the phone performance is goodIn is heating like anything. Now, It stopped working. Need replacement of device.internal memory was very much less than i expected , heating problem is too high,Good phone. But some problems like a heeating and subway surfers  not good playThe Battery is Draining very fast in 3G/WIFI mode not even having 120mins back-upAwesome Mobile with poor battery..need to charge the mobile 2 times a day..Excellent moblie. Only con I observed is heating, on internet / WiFi / long chatsPhone is good if you can go with features. Phone will start heating from day one.Her many big problem in phone , first heating and her button not work proplely and not her phone care center , and after bye this phone started big problem so am say it's badYesterday morning I received the mobile. Mobile is best buy device for the price. But OS is no stable. YU should come up with an bug fix update soon for the issues of dialer frequent crashing issue, lock screen lags. Lock transitions and animations lags a lot when before reaching to home screen. And occasionally mobile lags when have lots of applications running in background.Compliants apart: this device comes with 1080p display, wow one crisp sharp display which will help u see lot of details in screen. Camera is good and new senor is doing its job perfectly.Conclusion: if you r not worried abt brand value and u need value for money I recent this device. If you need a mobile with no cons then definitely you have to wait for another few more years to buy a mobile.not satisfied. got battery issues . heats like helllaging is a daily issuemy YU MOBILE ARE STRUCKED AND AIM SOFFARING WITH THIS PRODUCT MOBILE NOT WORKINGAwesome mobile. Still using it n gifted the YU yureka plus to my friend as well.Heating & very poor battery issue. AMAZON shouldn't sale such POOR product....!!Do not buy until you wanna commit suicide seeing the UI crashing evry 10 secondsWorst smartphone that I have used till now. Had to buy a new one within 3 monthsNot a good phoneIt have heating problem , battery is not give good serviceEvery time the system is too useless Mobile Application Not Responding displays.It is heating highly.....so you will have to work on it.....no app hide opectionI would rate it 5 star if heating problem is resolved, else phone is very nice..I want to buy it but it showes prise 10999.But its actual prise is 8999  ?very bad heat capability. Burnt up so muce by watching only two or three videos.Features are there but heating starts when I make a call.....ll,so I returned itI purchase in 12/8/15 for 8999 but invoice show 10999 what amount  I have to payOrdered for my wife to make her feel happy but she got furious after receiving the product and broke my teeth ( wonder if I can sue Amazon for that.!.). After opening the pack what all I find is a third class product by Yu, Screen blacks out during incoming/outgoing call so can't answer/ disconnect any call, proximity sensor/ touch/charging/speakers don't work, sim contacts invisible, hangs frequently,  I don't really know what works in this phone. writing more about it will be a waste of my time..!Ohhh... forgot to add one advantage of having it...!I ran out of my kitchen gas the day I bought it, thank God... YU Yureka plus was there with its back panel well heated up. We used it as non stick pan and cooked a wonderful omelet on it within seconds.I just loved itgood performance about device and great  service by amazonnot good product of this yureka lot of problem in mobile every time its hangingIssues: phone is too slowPhone get heat early2 GB ram but of no useAll is okay .only cons is battery backup.it will be normal on power saver mode.Heating prb is much more than I expected if possible I want to return the phoneevery thing about phone is good, accept battery backup they should work in thatexllent phon..but battery chargring period too long....poor battery performanceover heating. taking more than 8 hours to charge, discharging within 2-3 hours.Third class mobileIn two minutes mobile will hit 50-60 degree temperatureToo good ph for the price. Only heating issue while playing games. Nothing elseThis phone is really amazing. Super camera(rear+front) touch,  looking. AwesomeEverything worked out as it was promised. Nice doing business with yu guys . TqVery bad and no support from the Yuak plus and Amazon after 10 days of deliverybattry life not gud. heating problam.honor 4x is best mobile.gud battry life.as the price is low same is with performance ........ Heating issue after using any app for 2 min phone got heated like it will blow up in the next moment...........I am facing an irritating problem with my YU yureka plus . please help me out.Awesome Phone for a GREAT PRICEIt should just have a bit bigger battery.worst mobile ever experience ever very bad mobilemit is bettter to buy moto g3Value for money !!!Phone is very good, but only having issue of heating.Perfect!! Heats up sometimes but thats normal nowadays.. Functionally too goodIts good product launched by YU and I'm using YU+ its has good performance ...Awesome mobilelots of themegood camera , in night click great picsit heats up a lot .....so i dis like it .. Else specification wise its awesomethe fone is very good in its class and price but the speker qualoty is vry badGets hot fasterLags a bit while playing gamesBattery drains fasterEverything is perfect... But slightly heating problem... It's doesn't mater...worest battery, with out using mobile also, its just coming 8 to 10 hours onlyThe phone is excellent, I would give a 5 star if it didn't have heating issuesBattery doesnt last....wthout usng fon....it drains out in about 4-5 hours....it is aweful. got spoiled in less than 12 hours. please don't buy this productThe phone had all what it said, however battery overheating needs to be fixed.small problem is facing by the phone that it is not displaying the income callAll Specification is good but it too heat...and a very very poor battery life.On 19th Aug. 2015, its price is 8999 only on yuplaygod.com check it now.Heating very muchI waited eagerly and purchased Yureka Plus but I am not much impressed what I expect. I have 3G sim and signal is proper the same SIM works well in my previous phone Lenovo K900 with good data speed. In my new Yureka Plus, I can't able to download updates it takes hell lot of time. Not sure what is wrong with this phone? It is worst than 2G.Completely worth the buyBuy a power bk up and its almost perfect deviceHeating issue,getting hot like a iron box by using 10 minutes contentiously.I lost this phone what I can do?already I gave a complaint in Police stationSo much heatingLagging gameTakes so much time to complete chargeafter using the phone for 5 minutes the phone is heating from front and backThis phone is awsome BT 1 most drawback is that heat problem for this phone.It is working as per my expectations, but battery charging life  is a issue.YU yurekha plus is a good mobile ,heating issue problem others function goodnot at all, it's dialar is very slow,hangs most of time.....heating issues..very good phone only problem i have faced is battery is not lasting for 1daySound transmission not good....handset heats up even if used for few minutesMobile Look Grate but mobile to much heating. mobile camera quality average.Battery back up is the only problem... Or else an excellent piece of displayIt is an awesome mobile at low price, work fine, but it have heating issues.echo is coming when i give a phone call some time blank screen is comeBattery life is more important for any phone, but there is nothing like thatthis product get heated soon and battery drain soon.the service is very bad.awsum picture capture ..  satisfactory batery back up .. so much fun to havenice phone only battery drain issue and heating after that itz good i luv itThe battery drains very fast even with the battery saver on and no net usageI'm not happy.This mobile is very heat, Low volume & Worst battery back up.i like but after i have done one another order but still i do not get that.Awesome phone at this rate..... Just heating problem.. But it's negligible.It has too many flaws....like overheating, poor camera quality, app crashesi cant recieve  or ignore the call....when call came then screen was off...phone is good but stuck  2-3 apps runs on same time and overheating 5-10minThanks for immediate Delivery.This is very Nice phone in this budget.I have purched in the month of April  all of suddenly the battery is stoped working  and unable to run on battery. Pl help me where to get repair  rajpalPhn is dam good except battery its last for only 7-8 hour. Hanging a bit..All the function are fine but battery is not good, not long battery life..It was good in all expectations but the only problem is lagging continued.Nice and awesome to use compare to higher phone i think better and awesomeThe smart phone Yu Yureka Plus is very useless.... Phone is heating on useJust awesome,go for itBetter than k3 note and zenfone2 2gb ram modelI don't have my bill of phone YU yureka plus  order ID 404-0307306-1953913This is s*** that phone is not availableat lucknowand it isopensale.......Excellent phone.Not bad not goodheating like sunAll YU series are bad mobile I request don't buy the any mob of YU seriesThe best phone I've ever seen.....just go for it....It's a God.....Waste of money camera not working properly and phone is too much lagging.Not as expected...heating issue....processing slow when compare with a116Ya the phones heating only while charging and rest features are very goodHi friends the phone was good and camera was very good the phone was goodCamera quality is not good also software is not at good it's hangs a lot.Don't buy this smartphoneWorst performanceSudden force stopsGood mobile in less money, fast speed and over all satisfactory product.worthfull mobile..great device..but some times rear camera is in error..this mobile phone have very big big big problem i hate this mobile phoneVery good phone but slight issues overall been a great phone for a yearvery poor please don't buy this and on top of it worst customer serviceBattery heating and fast draining problem. otherwise overall excellent.Not worth my money and time!!!! Had to replace it for heating issues!!!Battery back up poor. I don't suggest anyone to purchase this phone :-(The 15% cashback is not sent till now.. Also the Phone Gets Heated likeVery badBattery life is very shortWhen use 3g it's so hot A good mobile for this price. The only problem is it gets heated a lot.1. Heating problem2. Speaker is of low quality, can't handle bassGood phone but laggy OS,  phone getting hot,  voice is also not clear..i feel good with yureka plus. this is very good mobile with best price.I Am realy upset about this phone , it is heating i returned in one dayPoor battery backup and overheating. Back Camera is not up to the mark.Loved it.. especially themes' customization... after all CYNOGEN it is.awsm phone yureka has all the feature thats a customer wants nice phobeBought this phone today. Lot of heating issues!! Is any update planned?I couldn't connect my device to my pc...Device has some software issuesBit of heating and didn't check for the previous..all throughout good !I brought this phone last month..and its came with lots of problems.. Battery problem... Heating problem and hanging problem...finally I called to coustumar care...they give me online help...but its not good...finally after 15 days my phone has been dead...and still dead till now..i have got no help from care..I called so many times..but all are waste of time and money..I never write review..but finally I have to wrote...I want to tell u all my frnds..plz don't buy this phone...they commit ..they will solve this problem with in 48,hours..but now after 15 days...I don't have any call or msg from care..my phone is still dead till now...thnx frndsSomewhat heating problem but overall good product in this price range.Heats up fast. Sometimes the phones hang-up. Not worth for a 4G phone.Heats up faster. Also features need to be better. Not value for money.There was the price discrepency, so returned back,. Otherwise all goodBeekar phone of the yearMobile drying very fast and full heatingIts a very good mobile phone at this price. More than value for Money.Yureka is a excellent smartphone.its all functions are work very well.YU yureka plus is a best mobile in this range.Good features available.This phone has Major heating problem. Battery back up is also too low.My headphones are not workingSo plz replace my headphones.......Direct video calling not supportOnly video call with applicationPhone is awesome but only prblm is the phone get hit up while chargingExcellent phoneBest phone everHeating problemi bought 5010 yurophiya it was full  lot of new feature with very reasonable price but it has hanging problems i contact call center from july 26 to 23 august almost daily but they failed to solved problem than i took yureka PLUS 5510 and find it's audio and video quality very poor in compare to previous  5010 than i try intex aqua trend but it couldn't satisfied me as my expectation ...you will laugh but i again decide to buy yureka plus with determination that in this price no other company provide such  feature but i had to compromise with my super duper audio video quality as previously i used SONY xperia  ZR for two long yearthe phone always hangs and gets heated using net.....worst phone everIt is not gorilla glass display is cracked... Pls replace the displayvalue of money good one but battery should be more than 3000 mah.....Overheating,the phone strucks automatically switch offs and many bugsGreat phone at great priceamazing camera quality at this price.Battery Heated, Some time mobile hang, software issue, Sencer issue,phone is good but it gets heat up very quickly maybe coz cynogen modHave got some problem with the proximity sensor.A good budget phone.Battery charging is aweful.it takes 8 hrs to charge.so returned it..Display does not working out of the box I have ordered a replacementGood but not best have heating problem drains battery effectively :3Good Phone in under 10k range. Haven't found any issue to complaint.It's a good mobile but battery is not good and have heating problemsWrong commitment 8999 Rs.me book karke 10999 Me dete hai . Its wrongguys is it really having a low battery backup of 3 hrs on wifi......Handset becomes hot within a short period + Heating + Battery Drain.Heating may be lil problematic.. otherwise its a good budget phone..Plz tell me at what time registration will start and how to registerThis was happened on the first day of its retail. I bought this phone today morning only. The display goes black while making calls. Seems proximity sensor not working. I wonder how it got passed the final inspection before retailing. Need my money back.Did not touch touch our expectation but it is good after i updated.Worst cellphone in the market.  UI Crashes at least 30 times a day.Is it possible to replace the items,Yureka plus  Moondust grey.....Hanging,  first time call not possible. Automatic power off and on.Heating on near rear camera....in playing movies and game 10mints mI love it..very high specification but the only problem is heating.all good ... but the battery is ok.try to improve the batteryLoved the product . using it from since 3 month.. no issues found .This Device has too much of heating... really disappointed with it.Its a okay phone on this price range happy with the amazon DeliveryVery bad products phone heat like a sun n bettry draining very fastAfter 9 days of purchasing it stop working aur phir chalu hi ni huaSirf dekhna ye h ki lasting kitna din jata hai otherwise best phoneNot as per expectation,it is better to have YU yureka earlier phoneBhot heng ho rha h.. Aur apne aap turn off hoke turn on ho ja rha hSuper phone..... No issues... But take 6hours to full charge.......Please do not buy this phone buying this phone means wasting moneyGood working only one weekness is battery runs out as we start netGood cellphone....BT gets heat while playing game and charging....Good. Value for money.But only 1 Sim is working for 4GHello my phone is damage on bottom so please replace another pieceThe device is very good except heating while playing online games.Its heating too much..Is there any solution for this problemgr8 premium looking phone at less price.its worth buying it.screen getting off totally while making call or receiving any callLooks and build is good.Issue with fast drainage of battery.I bought this phone 2 weeks ago , product was delivered within 4 days ,the packing was very good and there was a screen guard inside which I was not expecting.And coming to my experience of this phone it is very good in terms of performance, camera ,display,sound but the most irritating part is that the 2500mAh battery doesn't long much.I got upto only 5-  6 hours with moderate gaming and wi-fi usage..and the heating issues persists.phone gets heated up for minimal usage of games and even wifi.except that everything is fine.hope ther is an update to minimize battery and heatingAwesome phn for its price tag.. Nice specs.. Great performance...Good phone, but got stuck a few times. Becomes OK after sometime.Nice SmartphoneValue For MoneyCamera Quality is Good.Got my phone delivery on time. It is a great phone. Working fine.Good. But not overall performed better as the company is promisethe battery is horrible in this device please help me to fix thisIt's a good phone for this range and I m happy to use this phone.Best value for money foneonly downside is battery capacity.Great service by amazon.....and phone was really awsum...loved itAmazon services were excellent but product not upto expectationsBecome very hot when calling or use application or playing gamesSet heating too much i have to return it Still no pickup is doneGets heated during call,during accessing any single application.In the Very First Attempt Mic is not working ,..... hell phone..Great phone.Those who are worrying,1. Heating problem: Wait for a few updates. Same thing happened with Yuphoria. It doesn't heat much now, after updating.2. Screen off problem: Your phone is NOT DEFECTIVE! Just turn off the "double-touch to unlock/wake" (or something similar, I don't have the phone right now) option from settings and be on your way to enjoy a great phone!I have ordered this product on 6th Aug and received it on 9th Aug.I'm writing this feedback after 3 days of using the Yu Yureka plus.Pro:1.Stylish look and good camera quality2.low weight3.8 hrs battery backup in 3G/4G usage :) and 9K is economy price for this features.Cons:1.Battery is getting drain even not in use so we need to keep battery saver option when not in use.2.While playing the Temple run game seen slow response from phone even in 2GB in build RAMHowever I recommend this Phone :)it worked properlyit's a very good phonejust try itnormal features at lower price with waste battery i  saw so farYu must have to solve heating issues. Battery drains very fast.nice mobile i never see this type of result in any other mobileHang on frequently.. Not upto the expected level.. Heats much..Not that much. Heating problem. Battery is not working for longVery aweful product totally lagging just hate this phone by nowheating problem and sevice centre not available in gwalior m.p.Hii frnds. Yureka plus is a good mbl . I wanna buy more 3 frndsOver heating problem and battery problem only..otherwise good..No words to explain how good it is. No isssues faced till date.MOBILE HAS GOOD.IT HAS HEAT PROBLEM AT BACK N CAMERA IS AVERAGEgot this phone 29th july  and then one whole day i found lot of problems and bugs like heating issue battery life draining if u using fb messenger and opera then 3:30 hours maximum battery life for yu yureka plus.when someone's call me sometimes screen light doesn't work then I'll click power button and sounds goes mute and I'll attend the call it's great point to feel embarrassed.and sometimes mobile will go reboot automatically, installing few apps mobile goes slow down.if these issues will solved then it's one of the best phone in this range.Guys everyone are complaining about the heating problem and screen going blank(proximity sensor issue)...the solution is:1.Heating Issue-Company will provide updates wait for it and in setting whenever possible force stop the applications and clear cache2.Battery Draining-Go to settings...apps...running services..."if there is an app called USER/GUEST USER..stop it and reboot the phone...battery stand by willbe improved3.Proximity Sensor-Dial *#*#7769#*#*  Now it will take you to proximity sensor settings...press start...and it will caliberate...(u might just hav place your finger about 1cm from the proximity sensor for accuracy...not always necessary)Thank YouHopless phoneHeating issuegood productsIt is worst phone , there is no battery life and network issueReally nice mobile... awesome camera result.. thanks amazon...Great mobile with awesome camera clarity and great performanceheating  problem  and  battry drain and  display is  not  goodBattery drains our very fast and takes 3.5 hrs to charge full.is very heating & day 2 time automatically restart problemIt does not have an attractive look, but it's working perfect.So many other better options are available at this price rangeWorking well, delivered on time, nice smartphone in this prizeThe phones great overall but I'm facing phone heating problem.device is heat up in browesing .and charging time otherthan okNeed developed on software it's hanging, its not user friendlyExcept the 13 mp camera performance, I don't have any problem.battery back up is very poor,getting hot during chargingPhone is  looking good., specs like all other lollipop phones.phn heating too much even on very minimal usage  ....worst phnamazing phone,on this price tag,till now it never let me down.battery back up is waste. battery back up coming down in a dayReasonably Good ,Battery not good as expected,very cheap look.for screen going black while making a call...plz follow it..it solves d prblm..http://forums.yuplaygod.com/threads/how-to-fix-proximity-sensor-issue.8583/dial*#*#7769#*#*Den click startDen stop and exitYU yureka plus phone is very bad don't buy guys, no battery backup and heavy heating and no clarity phone its badnice mobile but canera is not much better to compare as 13 mpNice phone in this price. Also perfect in delivery by Amazon.nice mobile. but battery backup is very low. disappointed. :(Mobile is gud but have heating problem while continue talkingEvery thing OK expect heating issue during using camera, WiFiCynogen mode is awesomeOverall performance is excellentYUREKA THE WORST PHONE EVER YU IS A BIG CHEAT I MADE THE MISTAKE OF BUYING A YUREKA HANDSET AND IT HAS BEEN A HELLISH EXPERIENCE. FIRSTLY I EXPERIENCED THE BUG OF PROXIMITY SENSOR WITHIN A COUPLE OF DAYS OF PURCHASING THE PHONE. I WAS TOLD IT WILL BE RESOLVED AFTER AN UPDATE BUT THAT NEVER HAPPENED RATHER AFTER THE UPDATE A NEW BUG CAME UP- DISPLAY GOING OFF AND MAKING THE PHONE UNSUABLE. NOW I AM FACING AN EVEN WORSE PROBLEM- THAT OF BATTERY NOT GETTING CHARGED. THE CUSTOMER CARE PEOPLE ARE FRAUDS. THEY SAY SOME SENIORS WILL CALL BUT NO ONE CALLS. NO REPLACEMENT OF HANDSET IS GIVEN THOUGH MY HANDSET IS IN WARRANTY PERIOD. FORGET HANDSETS-EVEN THEIR EMAIL ID DOESN'T WORK PROPERLY AND IF YOU TRY TO MAIL THEM THE MAILS BOUNCE. THE CUSTOMER CARE EVEN HAD THE AUDACITY OF CLOSING MY COMPLAINT WITHOUT GIVING ME ANY REPLACEMENT. I AM TAKING THIS MATTER TO COURT MEANWHILE EVERYONE PLEASE STAY AWAY FROM ALL MICROMAX AND YUREKA PRODUCTS.I. Like...this.phone.....it's.. Very... Beutiful.. Camera...Mobile is slow does not have 2gb ram speed, no battery back.Don't buy this phone. It heats up a lot.... Not a gud phone.Worst phone I have ever baught......even worst customer careGettng heated within the usge of 5min ,sometimes it lgs alotGreat mobile but some time is hang any other things are GoodQuantity but not quality still a best phone in range of 9000Poor battery life. Not a gamers phone. Heats up extensively.heated very fast, light weight, unable to understand the s/wWorst Phone. Bakawas phone h. kisi ne liya h to wapas karadovery nice phone...better performance....good value for moneyGood phone with usual problems: poor battery backup, HeatingHeating problem with the phone...and battery back up is poorNice job by delivery team,very consistent and time punctual.* This is not a mobile. Use it as a heater in cold weather.Use it for 5min normal usage and cel heats up like heater and we cannot hold the mobile.* Head set volume is not working whether you increase or decrease the volume will be same.* Loud speaker is of low quality and you cannot enjoy music.* Company says full HD but if i play 1080 videos from YouTube or internal memory phone lags to process the video.* Never buy this phone. instead of this go for Moto G 3rd Gen, or One plus One.I was not happy with the performance of the handset so I HAD TO RETURN it back .. Coz had to face many issue .. Sensor light was not calibrated battery llife very poor .. voice quality very poor, Device used to get heat up while on charging or in talking mode .. JUST LIKE A HEATER .. Data get disconnected while the Device is in talking mode .. But one thing I WOULD LIKE TO MENTION IS ONCALL SUPPORT FROM YU was FANTASTIC .. FIVE STAR for thatand AMAZON BACKEND CUSTOMER SUPPORT TOO VERY GOOD .. KUDOS FOR THATwhat a bull s*** .. company has update this device at android 5.0 and giving the snapdragon processor IT HAS HEATING ISSUE WHILE USING ON WIFI ALSO IT HEATS TOO MUCH AND MOBILES battery drains very fast .....company have to degrade the android version of this mobile or should give the stable version of android with yu yureka plus WHICH dot NOT HEAT .......i suggest the customers to dont buy this product till the stable version of this handset is not come in market .....i am returning this product to AMAZONVideo Recording OK  Audio Not Clear  Pls Solve This ProblemMobile gets hang Continously,don't buy YU yureka+  0*ratingSexy phone...easy to use....only heating issue else its osmHavng tremendous heating problem as well as hanging problemNice the smartphone. But this phone in the heating problem.Not so Good. Battery capacity Vere low And heating problam.I like it so much. Good camera. The best mobile for d priceImmediate delivery . nice phone ... pic quality is awasome.The camera is not so good. But it's value for which I gave.Very good mobile at this price .I think It is the best one.Lot of problems with this phone. Should have gone for motogToo bad. Overheating. Legs too much battery drains quiccklyGreat mobileHeavy heating issuesNot goodBattery drain fastNot a good deal. For this price better go for other phone.best service by Amazon and best product from yu yureka....After 15 Days Screen crack but doesn't replace by company.Not worth taking. Having major heating and lagging issues.Don't buy this phone because I still facing hanging issue.overheating issue......when phone charging and play gamingfeatures were good but the battery really is poor standardPhone  heated while nornal use. Looks manufacturer problemGetting much heated up and some problem in the microphone.Except heating issue. Its my best smart phone ever i used.Battery life is poorBattery backup is very very poorGood performance.satisfied. I will recommend others to buyFaced heating issues and phone got freezed couple of timesGreat phone....fast awesome performance.Touch is also goodStill some snags are there. Hope 12.1 update fixes them :)Heating issue of this phone is unbearable... Serious issueExcellent Performance Device. Camera Quality is very good.It's looks premium, Very much satisfied with this product.Amazing phone.Total VFMBest in class for sure.Go for it,its really nice and I am in love with this phoneBattrey backup is poor..plz +999 and get meizu M2 note....Exchange our yureka with yureka plus both have same pricesI bought it in first flash sale...phone is good..screen and audio is amazing..Camera quality surprised me in good light it clicks sine amazing photos buy when I use flash photo gets a purple tint...its fine in video mode with flash spoke to customer care..they said its software issue...other then that.. Phones heats up a little and lag some times...but game play is goodIts better then HTC 826g both in camera and screen...hope they fix flash issue else would have to return itvalue for money, only con is gets hot while playing game.Its an mistake to buy this mobile. Its not a good mobile.The besttttttttttt don't look at others this the bestttttIt take too much time for charging and sometimes hangs...Excess heating ..Apps Stop working..bettery dies quiecklybattery drain very fast. otherwise is best for value paidMy lcd is broken plz change my phone as soon as possible.Good camera, ringtone cannot be selected from music filesKey pad is not working properly. it hangs when messaging.Its completely worth the PRICE....nothing more to say .!!Not completely verified yet. Anyway i think it is worthy.Everything is OK except video which gets hang sometime...Everything is good by this price but poor battery back upthis product is hanging some times and no charge back up,Just a very bad phoneTrue wastage of valuable moneyPhone gets heat very soon.Slow OS, battery's not so good.Nice Phone , Only cause is that little bit heating issue.Very  good product and good phone in very good conditionbest phone in this category all features works properly.This phone's hand Free is not working. Please change it.YU yureka battery backup is too low&it is hot very earlynice phone but heating problem.. battery backup not goodSatisfies our expectations, but it is hot while working.1 star for phonefor ur service i give you  5Build Quality not Good also overheating and hang problemGood product, but hanging when it is updated to lollypoptoo much heating problem.when used more than 1hour......head issues & battery draining so fast.. so i return it.Good but cynogen pls improve os support...very buggy is.I want this mobile please give me this mobile any price.Don't buy this phone tooooooo much problems in this ....Worth buyingAwesome features for a phone under 10kGetting heat early. Performance very poor.Waste of moneyAwsome phone and delivery on 2nd day, great work Amazon.Charger is not working its faulty product out of the boxPerformance is a bit on slower side for a 2GB ram mobilebattery backup is not sufficient performance is not goodUsing last one year... nice product at this price rangeheats a lot, auto reboot, got refund.... thanks amazon.Not satisfied. Battery backup low.too hot charging timeSmart phone is really good.avoid manufacturing defects.A good robust build phone with spectacular performance.Its battery backup is very low and heating is very highThis is the best phone in less than Rs 10K price range.phone is goodbut i m not satisfied in this cameraGood phone with loads of features at a great price tag!It is working fine. Using 2 days is too early to judge.I really like its features but in software it not good.Poor charging..and heating issue..poor battery backup..Very good mobile. No issues till now from past 15 days.Poor battery performance as well as heat up problem ...Awesome phone with improved battery life and camera ...Good phone.Best mobileNot a optimum quality with damn bad after sale supportGreat phone for value for money in all the departmentsthere's a heating problem , otherwise phone is ok kindI have buy this phone 1 month ago...it lack so much...Nice mobile good futures I am happy with this mobile..battery draining is main problem btw phone is too goodJust some heating problem, but a great phone under 10kit gets heated up too fast and drains a lot of batteryGood Handset if yu yureka plus. Good speed of internetNice Phone With All Required Features at nominal priceI am not getting battery backup what is the solution??Wonderful device.... the Quality of Display is amazingExcellent FHD screen.. cyanogenmod works really well..Worst camera,has heating issues,average battery backupWorth for the money! But battery performance is low...phone is heating as well as hanging.......poor productJust okordinary fetureslow battery life...Superp phone but heavy heating problem in using cameraThere is lot of heating problem.battery drains speedy.worst battery backup.....dont go for this crap.......Except for battery back... else everything is fine ..The phone hangs a lot, battery life is also not good.good features..battery and camera quality are  fine..Good device  but baittry problems parfomance not well2G internet runs much more slower than normal speed .The best mobile at given rate with excellent featuresGood phone ..but back 13mp camara not satisfied fr meThis phone network are really good this phone are 4g?waste money heating issu & poor quality components  .ExcellentGreat UI and camera and battery backupmobile is good but camera  is very poor and heat ....I loved it. its so quick purchase and i loved it alotWorst heating issue... Ordered it and cancelled it...The product gets heated up very quicky... very bad...Nice phone.no lags at all if u want a phone go for itEagerly waiting for this item to be delivered.Got it within 2 mins of launch... :)I hardly request never purchase this device.I got mic problem , charging problems , dialing problems, heating problem.big problem what I face there is no customer care center if you go with online care they are also playing with you.big call charges and not a any technical response.it is big mistake from me to purchase this device.it is no concern with micromax care.I also advise to amazon please don't sale the device like this.Awesome Product, Thanks Amazon to make me Satisfied.It's nice but after some months it's star hanging upbattery backup is not good and phone is to much heatI am very happy with the performance of this mobile.good but little bit heating issue n restarting issueExcellent phone. Delivery could have been abit quickLots of bugs.... thanks amazon jo refund kr diya ...phone heats up even for less usage. Else good phone.Nice phone but the battery drains out way too quick.Decent hardware and display. Battery is a letdown...diappointed as there is no OTA (On The Air) support.Heating too much and camera is not working properly.great experience, proud to be associated with amazonTechnology is now cheaper even.worth buying product.heating too muchpoor bbatterycamera dullThis mobile is of 8999. But ut is showing more priceCamera Quality is not that mush good. Very big size.This Phone is very Good. I shall recommend to all .Performance is very poor and frequently gets stucksNo Doubt Phone Price Right As Per Per ConfigurationWorst Don't Buy It Is Like Heater ,  Heats Too MuchNice but some functionalities are not upto the markvery very less battery backup.Hung some timesWorth for the cost. Trouble free and user friendly.Things you should know before buying Yu Yureka Plusgood phone but it's have some problems like heatingcamera is poor. Couldn't able to save sim contacts.Has heating issues and battery drained out too soonPerfect for everything.... Nothing heating issue...Anyone help me hw to make conference call in yurekaIt,s very bad phone heating problems hang ging alsobattery charge reduces even in the absence of usageAll features r gud bt battery backup is too bad whyIt's amazing, It's fabulousI like it totallyheating more then normalsound quality is badExcept the battery back up,everything is excellentAwesome! Phone in best price with best features :)this phone is a hellcontonuous heating issueDisplay clarity is very bad no need to spend 10000no deliverNice phoneHello Amazon, this is for kind appeal for you from my side, "don't introduce and encourage such a mobiles from u r website" .I have been purchased Yureka plus  in First Sale. I expected so....... for yureka plus, but  I  totally disappointed after using this mobile. I never seen in any mobile such a serious heating  problem and poor battery performance and not shown incoming calls proper.i love it looks good specs are decent at this price just waiting to be deliveredWorst phone ever used ..never ever buy this phoneWrost bettery backup and proximity sensor problemDelivered with faulty sensors and hence returned.Over all its ok but in sometimes it stops workingYU Yureka Plus- Moondust GreyGud fone bt d only major drawback is poor batteryHIThis is a ameginege mobilei love itgetting heat for every time.. sorry ,, not worth,Everything good...Except for the battery...Waiting for 12.1Its gonna be awesome.I like this phone, Nice product for this price!!Good product.....! I am happy to go with Amazon.Very gud, meet all requirements, value for moneyGood mobile but please solve the battery problemGood product. Needs to avoid heat in this phone.Nice mobile.only prb is battery backup is not gdthe phone hangs and there are heating issues tooPoor battery back up ,low voice and heating also"Heating & Hanging and Low Sound issues"it is very good phone .the large mynes s sound.its battery power is not good its work only 2HrsVery Nice Phone lolipop os , Cynogen Os  AwesomeHeating problem is big issue with yu yureka plusVery bad.Mobile working like China mobile.Heating problem while charging and playing gamescamera quality is not good. battery life is poorheating & battery draining are the only issues..Got the phone within a day. Awesome work @AmazonIts OK type phone ,. But Amazon service is bestbad phone heating problem and also hang setimesNever buy this useless phone or any YU productsheating problemnot as good as expectationSometimes it is getting heat. Otherwise awesomeGood Phone, better camera than original yureka.Its heated like heater.......... i reaturned itVery poor battery life, else the phone is good.Phone is superb but camera quality is worth....Its a nice phone with this less value till now.good quality and deliverybought the second oneGood for suffering ,game,and other things we doHai,  Main draw back is seviceing centre.Good but gets heated while calling immediately.Very low camera performance. This is not 13 mp.very slow working appes and net,  camera  superIts getting very hot very soon....y so that????ITS WAESOME AND GOOD WORTH FOR THE BUYING MONEYAlmost the same configurations as in Yu Yureka.Lags after some weeks of usage. Heats up alot.No rating above 5..or I would have given 10..!Very good phone at this price, now I am using,Yureka plus... Play ****Worst mobile....phone is very nice m very happy with the phoneAfter first day launch price came down to 8999Hanging periodically and over heatingAutomatically rebootingWorth for the price paid. No problem faced yetAwesome product .. But a lot of heating issuesExcellnt phone & superfast delievery by AMAZONCamera cant start.Camera icon got disappeared.Net not working properly camera quality is OK.Really bad phone.And no service centers.I am not able to make a phonecall .......why-?phone is fantastic but battery backup not goodToo much slow and hanging....wotrthless devicewow it is amazing product at affordable price.Too much of heating outside.  Not able to holdmobile heat up frequently.battery drainsworking good but processor got hot during use.Very Poor... sound speaker worst not satisfiedFreezing Problems. Excessive Heating Problems.Performs well but heats up after 5-7 mins use.Awesome Experience With Superb Camera Clearityvibration not working please tell the solutionA good quality phone in even good price range.its a heater else the best catch fo 9000 bucksHow i got the emi option for buy this mobile..Initially battery sucks!!! Now it is ok.Good phone with small issues.very goodvery heatGreat buy ,I'm still in love with it...Its very damaged product worst idiot mobilehanging problem hai isme koi bhi mat lena iseThis is very bad instrument I have ever used.Nice phone but heats slightly while charging.battery backup is slightly low, overall good.Timely deliver of product. Good phone indeed.Not good at all. having over heating problem.too good but still there is a heating problemvery nice,looking good and it is really greatworst its a heater u can call it yu heater...Hanging a lot... My two phones got bricked upthe  yu yureka plus  price is  now  reduced..Don't buy any Product of Yu. No warranty OR Guaranty given by the Company. Very pathetic Customer Care and never giving reply of your Query.If any problem found in product put it in the dustbin. If you want to try, Try their Customer Care Before buy. You get the idea. Before Buy first search about the device problem. You will get your answer.phone is good but service is very very worstthis phone is good.  but flash is little lowBattery is getting heat....except battery OKIs working fine,On this price is best MobilePhone is overheating n battery drain so fastNice look and feel but had performance issuePhone is awesomebut still some issues.software problem . switch off in 5 minute ..A very good phone with attractive features..It is one of the awesome product 8n 10000 Range with powerful snapdragon octa core processor,if you are youth and budget consious simply go for itProduct is good but return policy is worst.Heats up at times and battery drain issue..okay kind of product ....not too much happybecause its getting over heated while usingit is very nice hand set according to priceOne or the best phone in its price range...Worst phone ever...too much heating problemNice product, But battery is not a good...!Sd card Photos are not displayed in galleryYU Yureka Plus oder but received YU YurekaMore heating issue compare with yu yureka.Nice phone....completely worth every pennyBrilliant phone with pathetic battery lifeProduct is nice. Nice phone at this price.the phone lags, due to optimisation issuesToo much of heating problem.....up to 50 cNO SERVICE PROVIDED BY ANY SERVICE CENTER.A good product.manual not up to. The Mark.So much heating problem battery is so poorI need to buy a powerbank now. Nuff' said.very nice picture clarity and good camera.Having same problems with YU + like i had with yureka.  Voice call are not clear at all. The call receiver get disturbed and cracked voice. Same sim works fine with my lumia phone. Heating issue is the second problem that I am facing with YU +... Going to return it this week.... Micromax don't cheat with people.@9k the product is great and i am completely satisfied.I hope Yu will come up with a new release very soon for the heating issue.People who are worried about heating or may be camera issue there are lot of tweaks on the web and but again @9k this is awesome phone with very nice camera and performance.Thanks!very badVery poor product many-2 problem this setCharge not long lasting. Gets heated up .Bahut hang ho raha hHeating problemAcha phone h mater facing probalam hoti hExcellent mobile very powerful conditionsOne of the best mobile phone at low priceOverall good phone but needs improvement.Have Heating & some hanging problems.....its hang. some time option is not coming.this is best mobile means value for moneyPhone is getting Heat within short periodI like it 75%......Good BT not bestVery gud but the have some small problemsPhone is goodBut has heating issuesGot product within 24 hrs.... Very nice..hot hot hot within small usage...........Phone is hanged sometimes and heaten up.Good but charge was getting one day onlyWorth the money if you buy it in a deal;Not able to connect to the WiFi devices.Nice phone,but battery drains very fast!My camera stopped working after 1 month.It is good in the category, easy to use.Product was not good. SOFTWARE PROBLEM.I am very much impressed by the product!good mobile....rcd on the scheduled dateWrite your review here very nice productHow can I register for yureka plus phoneYureka works better than my old  samsungIt has high hitting problem rest is goodBattery drains very fast Heating problemDon't buy k3 note as it has very high SAR VALUE, Which is lower in case of yureka+. So buy it, its a nice device and has almost same specs as k3 hasHello.. I got YU Yureka Plus today. I have charged it to 100%. I have not even put my Sim cards or Micro SD card. When I use it even for 15 mins(with out Wi Fi.. blue tooth ... etc ON) .. its gets heated up near camera .. ear piece ... I am worried.. Can any one tell me how to fix it.Very poor performance with 12.1 update.New version of lollipop make YU restartI want cash back offer from axix , sbi.Heating issues and poor battery back upPhone heats up in short time Speaker volume is low. Phone is heatingEverything is good. Person ally I like.Working good but facing heating problemMobail not working  promblam is phone nNice performance except heating problemOverheating issue. Else phone is good..Nice phone but too much heating problemawesome smartphone in this prize range.Awesome phone... must buy at this priceHeating issues and battery life is bad.Fine product, I recommend for purchase!Brilliant phone . At unbelievable priceNo complaints.. Working smoothly n fineGot the phone just one day after booking and the phone has a black tnit on the bottom of the screen when I increase the bright ness its completely visible and there is an dead pixel when the screen is botted up the dead pixel light up green I hope amazon takes on this immediatelyPlease do not buy any products from YU brand. Their service quality is very very worst. Surely you will suffer if you buy this brand. Very worst buying experience in my life with YU Brand. I am recommending to amazon to stop selling this product to save your trust and brand name.Phone is getting Over Heating .Can I get this replaceOssom fone with ossom chipset.........Good Mobile but little heating problemIt is nice product but sometimes hangsOnly heating problemOtherwise OKIt is is waste product buy from amazongreaaatttttttt phn..!! for its price//Good. No option for unmounting the usbYes totally met my expectation........Not too much good but ok in this priceadvise everyone to buy this product...Good. Storage is fine,nice touchscreenLot of heating issue and defeated set.good, but battery backup is little lowFor the first time I got this much heating issue.I know everyone will not face it. But it seems the percentage of faulty devices are very high for this product line.Loved the display quality and all but had to return the next day I started using it. No option..Battery!!!!!Otherwise its awesome..Buy.Super..Its gudAmazingamazingAwsome experience abt phone its rocksWorst phone ever. Very bad experienceAwsom..experience using this mobile..My phone restarts after every 10 minslots of bug and poor customer supportPoor battery back up, heating peoblemheating issue bad battery performanceBut low battray life, discharge earlyI like it very much, value for money.According to price it is "OK"Nice phone to buy within your budget.Mic problem,heating,battery drainage.Ok Fellas, here it isAmazon Fast Delivery ... Hats offNow about the device...Looks good, feels good, is goodWorks flawlessly, lo lag whatsoeverCamera is brilliantDisplay is full HDThere is a certain heating issue though.. but u cant feel it unless u touch the topmost layer of phoneHaving said that, u cant have all the good stuff in one package can u?Headphones are awesome for bass n trebleCharging is fast and goodAnother thing is u have to remove the battery to insert micro sd n 1st simCyanogen mod is cooler than ever..Under 10k this beats the damn lenovo k3its certainly got a bit edge over yureka plus but no one beats this at cyaanogen..Under 10 k this is the best darn phone u could getGo for it blindly!!!!!!!!!Just waiting to be delivered. Hoping for the bestBest mobile but heating issue is badGood phonevalue worth money!!!jaa be nalla phone aaya bada badbolaWorst product please don't purchase.its is very nice hand set with priceGood phone but heating is main issueHeating problem at top side of phoneexcellent phonevalue for moneyIt's amazing & meet my requirements.awesome phone in low price I love iti liked the yureka phone its awesomeHeating issues, so returned it back.YU Yuraka Plus is good Android Phoneawsome brand and quality............Its not according to my expectation.Very nice mobile in its price range.Great smart phone if it doesn't heatAfter update when i turn on wifi it says unfortunately system ui has stoped.My 2nd YU purchase and boy m I glad.Mobile is getting heated while usingVery good smart phone in cheap rate.Phone is getting hot while using netMi has better phones with Yureka....nice product can't wait for deliveryIts a great product for its price. The screen, response, build quality are at par with expectations.The battery could be better than 2500mAh. It drains out very fast, even with battery saving configuration.They should give the Data Bank as a Combo.Its a good product and its "MANUFACTURED  IN INDIA".I ordered this for my friend.The reason I choose this phone instead of k3 note is because this phone has Corning Gorilla Glass 3 protection which lenovo k3 note don't have.Cyanogen OS is identical to stock lollipop with more customizations.Lenovo k3 note also have 5.0 lollipop but it runs on their own vibe UI.Also,this phone has low SAR value as compared to that of K3 note.Yureka plus has higher PPI, higher resolution than the older version of this phone.The one thing they haven't improved is battery capacity and also they should have provide quick charge 2.0Overall the specs are good but not up to the mark.If budget is the point then go for this one.It has all the features that 10k can buy.1 word for it.....FABULOUS PHONE...Awesome Phone but heating very fastNOT GOOD. gets heated very quickly.Excellent phone on this price rangeMobile awesome in such a less moneyBadly very badly is too heating..yrNot an option for a negative ratingIt's fantastic mobile from micromaxOne of the worst mobile I ever usedGreat product from YU TELEVENTURES.So Good but little heating problem.Heating problem h that's bad mobilePlease make this product available.Such a awsome handset... I like itI got a duplicate product.......:(No issues except heating problem .Heating like iron on playing gamesVery good phone at the price rangeheating problem low battery backupAll is well except battery backup.Duniya ka sabse ghtiya phone yhi hBeing hot while using above 10min.Very bad heterI just hate itVery nice and slik phone I like itIt is a very good phone well builtDon't take mobile, no good servicei like mobile but i don't like mobile sizethe battery is not up to the markCrashes sometimes if fixed then 5When kept idle, ends up to 30-40%awesome mobile in the price rangeNot upto the mark average qualitygood productheating problemPhone is not worth for its money.Nice one . fully setisfied to YU.lot of battery issue its not good3rd class mobile phone in my lifethere are very probleam in dailerGot a lot of heating in the phoneGetting heat and unable to speak.Heating problem same as YU yurekaPrompt delivery and good product.Its very nice phone in this priceLittle confused about loudspeaker qualityThis phone is simply good. I am just waiting for it5*****I Ordered today YU Yureka Plus- Moondust Grey and opted for 1 day delivery option @ Rs. 99/- extra. Hoping to receive the same as early as possible. Amazed by toughness of its body as saw in video. Hope the set performs well. Will post updated review after using the same.A very good product on that price.. But there is only one problem the heating up of phone... It heats up a lot..  front camera I good as expected...  But rare camera is not upto the mark.  13mp quality is not there..S*** hahaha please don't buy it.The Phone heats up sooo bad ....Phone is hanging while operatingGood product in this price rangeWorst phone ever seen in my lifevalue for money. It's a good oneVery good product at best price.Bundil phone having batere gh 3hVery good product at this price.Not recieved charger in the box.worst experience..heating issuesthis item ok for my regular use.Nice specifications at this cost2nd buy awesome mobile on 8999/-a good specs phone with avg bodyIts worth according to its pricePoor battery.. Heating problem..Heating problem...can't purchaseThirdclass yu yureka plus mobileVery nice phone in this rate....camera is good. good phone of 9kThe worst customer service of YUIt's GOOD.Best performanceBest phone ever.... Just amazingWitch company's product this picFelt proud to be one of the first ones to ve purchased the phone.Great phone fabulous display and UI.Nicely cut corners felt good while holding the phone.Great Job being done by Team Amazon.It product gets warmer too fastbaterry back up is about 7hoursnice one with low price........Product is very heating problemIts too good....bt heated smtymHeats up but good mobile phone.Good combo of price and  luxuryAwesome mobile with cheap priceBattery performance is not goodmobile getting heat suddenly...Cheap and best ...lovely phone.I have return this Product.....awsmmm phone.. awsmmm  featuresGood phone at this price range.Satisfactory in all aspects....Its Amazing Experience with Yu.Except battery its awsome......Heating issue and speaker issueWhat amount should have to pay?one must buy. value for money.heating problem is big problemHeading issue. Network issue .How can I reduce heating prblmI'm very happy with the phone.Good phone in this price rangeAwsm phone but buggy stock romBetter phone with good serviceI like only the amazon productAwesome . Best in price range.Phone is used n scratches alsobattery backup is not so good.Mid of 2015,the mobile lost its attraction while other brand launch much better mobile phone at this price.s.a Infocus,Lenovo,Coolpad. & XIAOMI. They have much better performance than eureka plus.Very good mobile for this offordable price with Good features. The battery is the only thing we have to think about.Good UI , good camera .Hope YUREKA+  will  not clear my hopes on battery .4.4 kit kat vargan  vary badenice mobile no hanging problmBiggest mistake of my life...Good phone but heating issueslags so much .. heats so muchWorst phone I have ever used.Dis product s not good.heating pblm s dere .n d main pblm s dat whenever calls r coming it ll not show ly ring ll b dere.once call ll disconnected dat tim it ll show miss call listsThis Is a worst mobile when i had to purchased this mobile the sensor is not working properly and it's  produce very heat so better don't buy this mobile.  i really hate this mobile1.Worst phone with worst customer care2. My primary camera not working and customer care gives very false solutions to it and loose your time of warranty3. Micromax shop Dont accept it for fault. They send to company for 1-2 month4Battery drains likes hell..you dont believe yesterday night it was 55% and in the morning it was 12% saying low battery even i switched it off3- Heating issue:- Worst ever i have facedafter unboxing ,i placed the battery inside and switched it on and phone starts heating ..i thought it is pretty normal but it took me 10 min to explore the complete cellphone and the phone was heating like lava even once we got scared lolthen i put it on charging after 2 hours and then it was heating like a hot place where you can bake your bread.7. While in outgoing incoming call phone goes in blank mode so you cant do anything even you can't disconnect your call until next person DC8. Don't buy this mobile9. Camera quality initilsy good after it loose qualitysuperTo future buyers ,I want to honestly tell you don't buy this piece (of junk).I am using this phone for the past month and believe me when I tell you that everything about this phone on paper is untrue when its comes to practical use.I was captivated by Rahul Sharma's "play god" YouTube videos, the phones specs and price.But on hand,the phone cannot even be compared to phone on the ads and the videos.To start with1.The Corning Gorilla Glass- the phone sports a Corning gorilla glass which guarantees a scratch proof screen.To put this to the test I used my phone without a screen guard after a few day scrathes began to appear even though I didn't use it that harshly.2.The Camera- front cam of 5 mp and rear 13mp.When you see the specs its wild but wait till you take a picture, there is not much of a difference between photos taken on the rear and front.To tell you the truth the front cam gives a pretty good pic than other.All those cam Mp on the phone specs is for luring cuatomers.3.The battery- the company assures you a battery life of 8 hours but don't expect more than 5 hours.I been using the phone on a single sim,after a percent charge the battery holds for about 4-5 hours and if you are on WiFi then expect a 3 hour battery life.Furthermore the phone takes about 1:30 hours to completely charge from 15%  battery charge and it heats up during the charging process.4.Gaming- I want to laugh when it comes to the gaming experience on this phone,on the amazon phone description the gaming experience is utterly exaggerated, I tried to play temple run 2 and subway surfer but during times the gameplay hangs and it would be frequent and heavy if you having background running apps.So don't expect anything great.And the phone heats up a lot especially on the back camera side and top of the screen when playing,drains away a lot of battery power.So these are the major issues with this phoneGuess you are wondering if there is any pros on this phone,the answer is No.Yes,I made a mistake buying this phone,but I researched a lot on this phone and saw a dozen hand on review on YouTube only then, being satisfied on what they are offering did I buy this phone.So lesson learned 'donot believe everything on paper'.Hope you will make a wiser choice.Beside this, service by Amazon is great,on time delivery and considerate  packing for electronic goods.All features packaged in Yu are doubtlessly superb! Based off my extensive usage since I purchased it, have the following analysis about it:Pros:1) Good quality images and Videos with the Camera - Panorama Mode might have been better! If you unlock (download) the Photo-editing features, it adds an extra flavour to your Photo-editing needs2) Extensive Customization of Apps/Themes3) Protection and Security features4) Speed5) Good Voice and Data Reception - works good even with a mediocre Wi-Fi speed6)Cons (Can "Yu" suggest something to improvise/rectify?):1) The Phone heats up too often; at times, it becomes difficult to hold the Phone near the Ears2) Battery drains if you use Net or heavy applications3) The Back Cover and internal body look a bit fragile.4) My Wi-Fi was left on owing to which certain Apps got auto-downloaded - so it gave an error stating: Phone Memory is full.. Thereafter, I tried to disable certain Apps, clear space by deleting Cache etc. then I rebooted the Phone to check n effect the space reduction. However, thereafter the Phone stuck on the Cyanogen Screen post booting and moved no further, inspite of all possible attempts at booting! I searched the Net and found the Service Centre details. They mention that there is a Toll-Free Number 1860-212-2122; however, there is a good amount of charge levied if you call on that Number. The only option they gave me was to Flash my Phone with some Software (as good as a Factory Data Reset) that wipes off all data! Am gonna visit the nearest 'Authorized Service Centre' to try and get it rectified as a last resort (unless someone suggests an option in the interim); otherwise, as told by the Customer Care Personnel, I'll get my handset changed.Out and Out, for this budget, it is definitely a Must-Buy! I hope "Yu" gives resolution for the Cons enlisted above!+PPDon't Buy This ProductI had purchased the device and within a couple of months I faced multiple issues !!The phone started heating. Read Camera got blured since the camera lens at the back side is fixed in the body and there is no way to clean it or change it once it catches some scratches or dust. Normally you can click while removing back cover but this is not possible in this phone.Audio quality of the recorded video is very poor.The device started restarting again and again. I formatted the device but it had no impact n problem. I upgraded the device to lolipop update of the Cyanogen OS. It made the restarting problem less frequent but it ruined the user interface completely. Call sorting options are gone completely. Dialing a number became a curse compare to the previous version. The option to sync contacts of windows live account stopped working. I think the update was released in a hurry..The sales after service of the device is worst. 2 Months has passed to my complaint, everytime I call I receive the same message that seniors are busy and I'll soon receive a call from YU side. No action has been taken.I request Amazon to please stop selling YU device. They people are fraud, they just talk too much but at the ground level, they are making a fool of Indian Customers.1. The package is elegant. A "Proud to own" feeling.2. When cover opens also, we feels the same3. At the time of first switch on itself, I felt that the hand set is not up to the mark as I expected.  a. I have got the message "UI stopped unfortunately" several times.  b. It happened when I tried to change some settings also.4. If we use the phone more than 15 minutes continuously, back side portion near camera heats up like any thing. (You can try it by resetting the phone to factory settings)5. In application menu, neither we can create folders to group similar applications nor we can sort it as we wish.6. I have purchased one Lenovo K3 note also at the same time. I felt that K3 Note is far better than Yureka +.  a. Rear Camera quality of K3 note is better  b. Display colour reproduction is also better in K3 note  c. Sound quality is far better in K3 note  d. After installing 35-40 apps in Yureka+, I felt some lagging while opening menu or doing something; even after optimising the ram.7. I suspect the device which I have got may be damaged.8. The areas where there is a scope of improvement.  a. Heating issue - It is comparatively on higher side.  b. UI stops unfortunately - I don't know why it happens continuously.  c. Any one of the sim only can be used in 4G-LTE network at a time.  d. There is a lot to be improved in Cyanogen OS 12. Even though they have provided so much to configure, there are something very essential are missing; like creation of folder in menu, sorting the applications as we wanted, lock screen picture selection etc...9. Last but not least, if we get this phone for Rs.7000 range, then its ok.Everything about the phone is awesome..Pros:Screen qualityCamera qualityFeatures are way beyond comparisonCons:Battery should have been at least 2800-3000 mAH for lasting 24hrs which it doesn'tHeating problem. Can't talk on the phone with itSlower than how an octa core should work. Lags a lot. Quad core phones are faster than this phone.Try to overcome to Rs.10,000 mark and you will get phones which last for a few years. Otherwise we end up buying a new phone every year but pay the same amount of money as another person who has purchased a phone for 30-40 thousand and used for 4 years.. Moto G, though a little pricy will keep you satisfied instead. I have used Moto G 2nd and 3rd Gen and atleast it will be better than this phone. Go for pure android phones always instead of modified ones by Samsung and other such phones. They are worst when compared to all the phones available today.Pure android phones are Motorola and Nexus devices. This is also pure android too but because of the problems mentioned above I am discouraging the customer about it. Otherwise it could have got a thumbs up from me.This could be probably the worst from the YU stables... This also, I took it on the first sale and within no time I was fed up this phone.CONS:First of all, all the software options available in Yuphoria was missing in this.The battery drains very fast.  Even with a few snapshots the battery drains by 20%.  The software dialer is so horrible that placed when you are on call and slight adjustment to hear properly can lead to holding the call without your knowledge.  To assess the same, I had also asked my friend to use and he also confirmed the same. My experience is that you have to charge atleast 3 times a day if you are going to use camera and internet substantially.  I regularly use on wifi and not mobile data to save battery.  I had trouble while viewing contacts in this phone... I used to set it to my desired format and aftersome time it will not be same.  After re-booting, my desired format of contact will be available. This has happened many times and I am not aware of the reason.The phone has considerable lag and at times it is really irritating.PROS;Camera is very good.  The pictures are much better when compared to old Yureka.  The HD recording is also good.The touch is very good and the display is crisp.Overall : I was never comfortable using this phone from YU....Have been using this for a week now and this phone is awesome! The design is quite nice and the full hd display is awesome. This is pure value for money phone. I am listing the pros and cons here.Pros:1) The display is really good.2) The touch screen is great.3) The sound quality and quality of headset coming with this is good.4) As always cyanogen is really good.5) The camera is really good. (I am not a great camera user. but still felt it was good)Cons:1) The battery life is poor. (That is the case with most android phones)2) There was a small proximity sensor issue which caused the screen to go black on incoming calls. It was rectified by re calibrating the proximity sensor. If you face the same issue, please refer http://www.yurekamicromax.net/2015/02/solved-how-to-fix-proximity-sensor-of.html3) There is a small heating near the camera on intense activity(gaming). But its the same for my friend's one plus also.The pros far outweighs the cons and this is an awesome phone in this price range. I will recommend this to all.It's my ever first Review to any of the products :Yureka Plus :Ordered thru Registration sale on 24/07/2015 for Grey and White (for my friend)Received the Grey One on the next day - Kudos to AmazonWhite yet not dispatched - Not sure why? but tollerableSpecs and My RatingsSpeaker  : 3/5 Worst of it's kindDisplay  : 5/5  Clear Display - Not able to feel the gorilla glassCyanogen OS : 3/5  comparing to Lenovo OS, Cyanogen can improve a lot especially in quick access functions and Dialer)Battery  : 4/5  Draining quickly when using WIFI or DATA.F. CAMERA  : 4/5 Good Comparing toR. CAMERA  : 2/5  Not a great quality picsBUILD  : 4/5  Light in weightOverall  : 4/5 Worth for what we spent - Heating issue, R.Camera and UI need to be tweaked for full marks.CONS :Heating issues : You can feel the heat but not boils like other says.  When using WIFI or Data the back portion nearthe sim area one can sense the heat a lot.  Not worst but bit uneasy.Proximity Sensor :I got some issues in the proximity calibration.  The phone goes black when dialing or receiving calls.Fixed the issues on my own by using a code #*#7769#*#User to Dial this code from dialer which takes to calibration and can be easily calibrated.Excellent Mobile from YurekaBest phone with all featuredNot but but features is goodBest phone in low budget !!!Over heating bad performanceGreat phone with least PriceGood phone and good featuresnot as freiendly as expectedVery bad phone heats so muchToo much heating problems...It releases unbearable heat.Proximity sensor not workingAmazing phone in low price..When l will get my Cash backAnother heater from micromaxnice phone and good fecturesClarity not upto rxpectationhitting and no network issueBattery performance is poor.Battery backup not so good..Good, bad is heating problemthe best phone under 10k ...People nitpick. I don't know why.This one is one of THE best in this price segment with awesome performance , more than  satisfactory camera quality,and decent battery backup.  I've been using this phone for months now....and its performance is gr8....I use it for gaming purposes....and all gamesLike asphalt 8 ,real racing,wild blood ,godfire,mortal kombat x etc play smooth without lags.... Though this phone heats....but not too much...only bcuz of its powerful CPU...... About the build,the phone is quite sturdy,with a decent grip...I had dropped this phone too many times on the floor , on the road,on hard stones, but nothing happened to the screen ,except for a few scratches on the side frame.. Overall ....this is  a dream phone for evry1 who is looking for a high end gaming device, which fits under a budget.  People forget about its pricing and complain about it. But overall....an awesome experience. Definitely go for it.The device taking hell lot of time to get charged. Battery drys out fast when you are connected to 3G service. For every actions the pops out a message and asks for Report/Ok.No issues and excellent serviceBattery back up is not goodVery good... I am satisfiedYureka plus very nice phoneMany problem in this mobileIt's nice to work on yurekasoo many problem in it....!Best product for the price.Amazing phone at this priceBatteryis so hot in workingNot a bad product below 10KToo much heating problem...Heating and hanging problemgreat mobile for this priceGood product, can't wait...Well i am not the unluckiest guy to pick this phone...i dnt want evn at 4k price tag....I want to make a comment as i feel necessary... Today we all say make in India type project and all.....But if u just go on making fools to our own customers with such a crapy phones then who will gonna join this campaign...?.. 615 processor well known as a heater thn also in modified and updated phone i.e this s***ty plus tag device has the same thing...No proper service providers...no proper devices....Thn y we buy Indian manufactured companies phone?Just see how well Xiaomi and one olus has emerged in Indian market.....they are visitors still growing and u...U stand mo where against them....Atleast add 800 processor nxt time with nxt flagship.......we dnt want now a quadhd disolay with same 615 processor...and ya that 8 core havoic....Plz.....a request by concerned Indian citizen for his country's own manufacturing brand.....plzPhone getting heated.  Not by charging . It's heated only by operating. It's rediculous. I got it 7 day before . Friends don't buy. Please don't buy. I am nervous .The phone is a product which should still be in the testing labs. There are numerous bugs in the product making for extremely unfriendly usage most bothersome of which is the random and unpredictable rebooting of the phone, often while trying to make calls. There are frequent problems with the proximity sensor when the screen turns black and you don't get to see who  is calling you. The phone hangs often and takes ages to make a call after a contact has been selected. The only positives that I can think of are the frontal camera and the display which are really good. But the product is a phone first and a camera later and Yureka must do much much more to stabilize the basic features of the product else this is a product doomed for failure irrespective of its low price. I am going back to my Samsung and consider this as a bad investment. My advice is to stay away from the product till the next stabilised release.No problem one month past.All working fine.This is one of the best budget phones below 10k.and Iam proud to be among first 1000 customers in India.Best phone With13MP primary camera with auto focus and 5MP front facing camera5.5-inch (13.97 centimeters) IPS LCDcapacitive touchscreen with 1920 x 1080 pixels resolution and 16M color supportAndroid v5 Lollipop operating system (upgradable to v5.1 Lollipop) with 1.5GHzQualcomm Snapdragon 615 processor, 2GB RAM,16GB internal memory expandable up to 32GB and dual SIM (GSM+GSM)2500mAH lithium-ion battery providing talk time approx 9hrsJust one major problem,  The display goes black while outgoing and incoming calls. I just could not do anything after that as all the phone buttons are unresponsive during outgoing and incoming calls. Tried complete reset of setting and upgrading the android OS but no use.Tried screebl ( no use ) . Struggled for 4 hours oh fixing at software level. I believe the did missed out on simple check before finalizing. I am feeling deceived at the moment Will get back to seller for replacement / money back.I continued my efforts and found a website " https://www.techmesto.com/fix-yureka-call-blank-screen/ " . This resolved my issue immediately and as per website it is know issue from previous version of CynogenNow no issues all working fine. And the phone has an excellent clarity. This review is on one day of performance.How to make video call..??audio on calls is very badGreat mobile in this rangeThe best budget smartphoneVery good mobile I like itPhone  heats up like hell.It have problem of heatingWorst Phone I ever used...Device is heating too muchGood one at this price tagGood but heating complaintGood service n good mobileawesome mobile to purchaseSim network not dedecctingFull HD display in rs.9999i love the phone coz its so light due to 2500MAh battery :(, Full HD and dolby digital Rocks.Cons:stock rom is hell- BIG NO NO. unable to keep phone in Trousers pocket due to heat, can't drive the bike while phone in Trousers pocket.Heats up lot always 60c or 60+c degree and battery drain issue and most hating thing is slow charge, it took 6-8hrs to charge full.Lags while gaming, Lags while changing between app, lags while charging, lags while using whatsapp, lags while unlocking, its jus lags for everything.Pro:So rooted and flashed SOKP Rom with God kernel non CAF, now phone is amazing, but battery will be issue due to 2500MAh for 1080p and 5.5inch, still phone temp stays at 29.1 - 31c, if played heavy game then 40 - 45c degree, now enjoying the phone. changed DPI to 320.check screenshot.i'm Amazed you will be amazed.it is worthfull deal  ...Heat.....heat...heat.....heating problem not solveGreat Phone in range 9000Nice mobile and good workNice but. Little bit heatNice mobile at nice priceSlow processor. Okk otherit have a battery problemCharging time is not goodU vl get everything at 9kUltimate hearing issue...Good Product . Works wellheat and battery low soonI dount like this mobailephone hangs all the time.good buy. value for moneyBad Mobile don not buy ittoo much heat dont buy itGood one on this price...Heating problem is comingExcellent value for moneyBattery Backup worst.....Good at an economic priceGreat phone at this priceLike it. Nice smartphone.heating issue and batteryGood battery pick up solwPoor battery backup......Nice one, value for moneyIt get heats up very fastI got this mobile first and it had problem with the flash light, i got the mobile exchanged but now i have multiple problems with this mobileFirst the mobile gets very hot while you are talking and there is hot air which comes out near the speakers close to ur ears which is very annoying.Second you cannot listen to the caller very clearly the voice is very low and there is no option of increasing the volume after a certain level.Third if you are moving in a car or if you are out door , most of the time the caller complains that the voice is breaking or he cannot listen to you.Fourth i think this must be a software issue, when i go to the messages and try to type the sender number the mobile just does not allow me to type , it displays all characters and it takes 30-40 seconds after which i can type the contact details the keypad just freezes.I ordered the Yu Yureka Plus on 24th July and received on 26th July, 2015, very fast delivery  and one day in advance as committed.> As so far today is my third day of mobile using. The quality of mobile, touch response, screen resolution, appearance, etc. is very good.  As regards presently it is sustaining for one day with moderate use.  Regarding heating issue I did not feel unnatural heating.  Certainly initially switching on and upgrading of Android there were heating. Whatever, mild heating is there while surfing it is but natural as you see the laptop also there is also heating it can not be ruled out why because mobile is also of the same function. Let me use for some more time with regard performance of battery as initially it requires around 10-12 charge and discharge to give full performance of the battery.Really, value for money.perfect mobile very goodawesome device, must buyThe best phone ever.....1 pis lens hai g mere koit was a nice purchase..very heating on chargingBattery drains very fastGood  build and featuresGood phone at that priceThis phone is awesome...Needs frequent charging.good product under 10000Heating problem but goodBest phone in its price.the best phone under 9K.Nice and value for moneyYu is simply best choiceVery good one. I like itGood phone under  10000best phone on best pricebattery back up not goodsimply dead after 1 weekHeating problem but fineNICE PHONE FOR BEST RATEunhappy with this mobileNot good lots of problemGreat phone...works wellGood phone within budgetHeating is a big problemBattery going not betterBattery back is too poorBest phone in this rangeExcellent in all aspectsVery nice YU eureka plusBatery backup very worstIt has heating problems.It's micromax products??Good..But phone heatingGood phone in less priceAwsome phn in best priceThe Phone is really great,big in size but the speaker output volume is low,i am quite disappointment on that..remaining everything is great..:)Received yesterday:) pretty decent performance !! Bit heating issue but not too hot n all !! Just warm sometimes . overall happy for 10k Price.:)GoodNiceniceNiceThis phone is just s***Just a dump product....Good work but so heatedbad phone so bad thanksHeating is a big issue.Nice phone & less PriceEXCELLENT BUDGET PHONE.Gud Phone @ low price..battry drains very fastnot good... dont buy...Worth for what to paid!Having heating problem.Poor camera,Poor BateryBest phone of the worldGood but expected  morebafree garam hai re....my first deal and happyjama he aat phone aw Battery backup is poor.I am finding the phone little big :) as i am used to use Moto E. But soon i will get used to with this.The camera is excellent, and taking great pics.I found some trouble while playing videos, but it could be an issue with YouTube app than may be with this phone. But on Moto E those videos were playing without any issue.Also i find the battery is getting drained too quickly. After full recharge it is just sufficient to complete my day. If i use little extra, i need to recharge even in the evening, mostly rush hours.I have also observed that the phone is also getting heated for only some extra use like playing 10 min videos, having 5 min call, i can feel the heat on my ear. It is not much but this i have never observed in my old phone.It Is Better Than Lenovo K3, The Aspects Which YUreka Plus Has Over Lenovo K3 -Comes With Gorilla Glass 3 which is not In K3, And Hence Won't Have to worry for accidental falls,SAR value is lower as compared to The Very HIGH SAR value of K3,Yureka's Camera is Awsome and everyone knows that Lenovo always lacks in this Department.Although The Battery Is Low Powered As compared to Lenovo K3, but its better than bearing High SAR value that has a lot of radiations.Moreover Lenovo K3 doesn't Have headphones With it.In My Terms This Is What A GOD is :)Go For It.And Other Way Round, What Can You Get In 10k?Lenovo k3 will lead to diseases.Else Your Choice.Slim and stylish phonePhone is just awesome.The product is good...it has heating problemmore and more problemsIt is a heating mobileGreat mobile i like itpoor quality materialsThe phone is really good but the phone is heating a lot..amazon should not sell products like this as this can spoil there brand value as well..the customer service is really awesome but the end product is of no use and the efforts of the amazon executives go in vain..it is a total waste ..I just got it today..I charged it and started using the product the product looks really good looks wise but performance is not that good.. The games are a bit lagging, I played stick cricket 2..its not a very heavy software though but still the game was lagging every ball...Amazon selling these kinds of products..you have a brand name worldwide and you are spoiling it..I am really sorry.. But nice effort YUI ordered the product o 6th August got it on 7th August.the phone started gvng a problem at 60% volume level sound started cracking,I called up Amazon customer service and they tell me they don't gv replacement for the product,so I created a return nd refund on 8th August,it was promised to me that package will be collected by10th August which never happend ,I speak to one of amazons leadership agent for 1hour 30 mins,he tells me the package will surely be collected by 11th August that is today .but today morning I get a mail saying the package is scheduled to be collected on 12 th August ...what a service by Amazon amazing...this is how Amazon works..I would never recommend Amazon to my colleagues and friendsLockscreen is a little buggy.. Battery drains quite fast.. Hope yu provides an update for all these as soon as possible..3g on and I cant keep it in hand, its very hot. I think people call it hot selling mobile for that. What kind of octacore is this, when I click on call button after entering number, it takes two seconds to know what to do. Single core processor mobiles of 4 yrs older are lot faster than this. Screen is good but main good things are 1. lightwt, 2. rubberised back panel, 3. camera is good 4. 5.5 inch screen is large enough.bad point 1. heat, 2.gallery stops working after each 25 sec. 3. click on thumbnail photo in gallery and it will displayed after 3 sec.[very slow]After using Xiaomi os MIUI6 it Yureka plus feels like went to dinosore age.Not returning it as its very cheap @8999 rshate it.. it heats ..Battery backup is lowVolume  level  is lowGood but delivey slowNice up to.. Its costAverage not very goodncy ph in such pricesGood to buy.Loving itHeats up pretty badlyvery bad mobile phoneOnly heating problemsnice mobile in budgetSucks. Hanging a lot.Worst product from YUNice phone..I like itVery bad mobile phonePhone is over heatingLow price great phoneGood phone. Total vfmBest phone under 10k.Worst ever experienceThi product is amazinHeating problem foundK3 note is way betterThis mob is not good.Heating problems moreGrate smartphone.....Great specification'sGot a defective product . When making a call the screen going off. Not sure what's the issue. Going for return.I AM COMPLETELY DISAPPOINTED AND VEXED WITH THIS MOBILE..THE DISPLAY IS NOT SHOWING INCOMING OR OUTGOING CALLS...MAIN FUNCTION OF A MOBILE IS TO RECEIVE AND MAKE CALLS...THAT IS NOT DONE BY THIS MOBILE.,JUST SOUND IS COMING WHEN ANY CALL MADE OR CAME.CAN'T SEE THE NUMBERS SO CAN'T OPERATE- REJECT/ACCEPT/OBSERVE...NOTHING CAN BE DONE..MAKING ME MAD.WHAT IS THE USE OF ALL THESE HIGH RESOLUTION CAMERAS, HIGH SPEED RAM, LARGE SCREEENS, OCTA CORE PROCESSOR.BLAH..BLAH..WHEN A CALL CAN'T BE MADE SMOOTHLY???. I AM GOING TO CAUTION AND WARN ALL MY FRIENDS ABOUT THIS STUPID AND USELESS MODEL...DON'T BUY THIS MOBILE.WASTED MY MONEY...YU Yureka Plus on Android (Moondust Grey)Yureka Plus is indeed a very good product. You will not repent buying this phone. If not overwhelming, delta changes can be observed when compared to the regular Yureka. Camera quality has definitely increased. Not very convincing under low light. Battery backup is again a huge disappointment. For a 2500 mAh battery, this product fails to impress in providing a decent backup. There is a slight heating problem.The phone gets heated up in the upper part. Micromax will have to look into addressing this problem.This product is completely worthy of its cost and is easily a 4 star product. If these issues are solved, this phone can prove to be the best in the segment.Best in class camerait is a great mobileDont buy laggy phoneVapas kb aayega bhaiCamera was very bad.JUST LIKE EXPLAINEDFaster & attractiveperformance was badPOOR BETTERY BACKUPNo battery packup..love yu yureka plusbattery drain issueOVERHEATING PROBLEMBetter then SamsungBattery is very badFull paisa wasool..Good phone in 8,999Got it 2days back.... Performance is good. But I observed it got heated for very few applications....Budget and best phone under 10K....Pros:FULL HD.Gorilla Glass protection.Camera clarity is good. (YU fixed the earlier camera issues in the new YU plus)Sound quality is good through Headphones (but the sound is low in loudspeaker.Signal reception and Call quality is good.Cons:i feel heat near camera when playing games, surfing through wifi and mobile data 3g.battery backup is one day for moderate usage.i ordered this yureka plus (android) through amazon.com , delivery was on time as promised by amazon. While using this device , it got heat up regularly , then one day while i disconnected device from charging , screen got blank .its not powering on now, i think due to the overheating , mobile got dead, i contacted yureka customercare , complaint was registered. It is 7 months now, i havent received the replacement of my mobile . Worst mobile and worst customer services.Total waste of money. Never trust Yu devices. Its upto you now whether u want to waste ur money or go for other trusted brands.Pros:- Spectacular specification.- Cheap: few other phones with the similar spec costs over 20K!- No bloated UI. Simple and nice.- Overall good design.- Decent camera.Cons:- Heats up very fast: Once you start using the phone, the back of the phone (around the camera), gets heated up.- Weak battery: Starts draining soon. On moderate use, it may last for 10-15 hrs. With minimal use, it will last for 1 - 1.5 days. But a smartphone is not meant for this.- Some apps crash unexpectedly.- Quality of the accessories are not upto the mark.Mobile is Good in terms of Specs, Size, Weight & Physical Appeanace.Little concern which I faced is about battery backup (when data usage is ON) & heating of phone.But looking to the load on phone due to installation of multiple applications & games, i hope its common issue faced by devices of multiple manufacturers too.Howsoever, will check with customer care if something can be done in this regard.Also a surprise given by Amazon - initial price was INR 10K but within 1 week prices dropped to INR 9K, so Amazon return INR 1000 into wallet.Thanks for being so loyal & customer friendly.It's a great phone as it comes in cynogen mode with its in built customized features. Looks great and best phone in the range of Rs.10k.The only minor issue is sometimes it get heated when we have multitasking apps but it can be reduced to minimum by installing greenify app.Sound quality is awesome with ear phones. Don't hesitate to buy this mobile they were rumors that it is not functioning up to the mark. But believe me I'm using this mobile for 1 month, it doesn't have any problems encountered.Thank for amazon for on time delivery and good service.outstanding deviceLockscreen optionsVry poor btry lifeBest at that priceExcellent product.Amazing product...Yureka camera with flash is getting blue shade... And Image is not  good at  flash at night....The 'God of the Gods' of all phone is remarkably presented in Yureka Plus.Rest of the companies can't even think of competing with it.Gorrila Glass 3,Snapdragon 615,FHD resolution.. have made YUREKA+ upto beyond the limit levels.A highly customizable Cyanogen 12 is a bonus a tech freak can get. Must buy handset and enjoy for the years..I was very excited about this whole new Yureka Plus mobile launch and ordered on the first sale itself on 24 July 2015. But then, when I finally decided to move from my earlier handset to this one today, I noticed that the screen did not respond at all to either incoming call or outgoing. No light, no blinking, nothing. Now this is a serious problem which can not be ignored; because it defeats the entire purpose of a mobile handset when you can not see who is calling you or whom you have called.Total thumbs down to the product I received. :-\Excellent productToo worst productTop Indian brand.Best Mobile of yunyc product....:)It's quite good..Yu failed again..Very Nice mobile.Not upto the markHEATING PROBLEM..Very good productIts very good oneUnusual reboots!!Not work properlyCharging problem.Excellent device!Nice phone.......Excellent phone..Excellent mobile.Poor battery lifeHeating problems.Not a good mobileSuper smart phoneHeating issue...Superb mobile...very bad productHeat up too muchYureka bull s***OK a good mobileSensor problem..it is heating upITS GOOD AMAZINGvery nice mobileit is good phoneIts aswome......Its good phone..Hanging, heatingVery nice yurekaPREMIUM  QUALITYHeating too muchNot a good phoneWorth ur money !Worst phone everVery good phoneAwesome full HDWonderful phonelove this phoneBattery problemgood and lovelyVery good phonebest phone everGood for price.it is awesome .Value for moneyValue for moneyLove this phonebest in pricingvery nice phoneGood experienceExcellent phoneHeating problemvery good phoneexcellent phonegood phone.....Value for Moneybest in budget.Mobile get hangExcellent phoneHeating problemworth its priceGood smrt phonevery heating upGood and promptvoice not clearVery bad mobileUltimate mobileHeating Problemvery good phoneVery good phoneWow great phoneGrearfull phonePurchased it in the sale on 24th . Pretty disappointed and not regretting . has many major issues like1.) becomes too hot after 15 minutes of simple usage2.) the so-called 13 mp camera is not more than 2 mp of NOKIA3.) Battery drains as if we are it really goes through some kind of drainage pipe(really really fast, within a couple of hours)4.) sometimes speaker misbehaves,no sound heard at all5.) problem with proximity sensorI ordered this product on 24th July and it will be delivered very next day by ordinary shipping..Amazing service by amazon.. Thanx fr DAT..Abt phonePros:*No heating issue*Improved camera quality*Improved battery performance*Corning gorilla glass is an added advantage to the phoneCons:*Physical (home, back n recent app) buttons - actually its not a con, it's an unnecessary feature which doesnt need..Issue of getting heated. heats lke a frying pan. If u continuously use for 30 mins, then u will not be able to hold it properly due to extreme heat. This is a serious issue on which the company has to look into. Except that I found the phone okay. Front camera is weak, though it has 5 mp. No clarity at all. Rear camera is just fantastic.Phone is Good, but then it gets heated up big time near the rear camera.  Almost 1.02gb of available 1.85gb ram is consumed by the phone.  Camera quality is good both rear as well front facing.  Data Network and WiFi connections are good as well.Expect for the heating problem which is unbearable, the phone is good.It is advisable and suggested to use Headset or Bluetooth for Voice calls specifically in this mobile.Worst phone...it gets heatedDevice is goodWorst phn everjakaas yureka!Heating ProblmBest performedAverage phone.Heating issuesGood . Love itWorth product!lots of issuesSensor problemUseless mobileNice Mobile...Nice One .....Faulty productvery very niceI'm very happyCamera is poorVery gud phoneWaste of moneyGreat product.Good one......Very very giodGood till now.Amazing mobileGo..........oddon`t buy it .Great phone...Nice mobile...too much heating problem  and when calling screen display going offPhone look is good..just problem is battery backup.. Very low...battry drain upto 20% in 6-7 hours of standby even in powersave mode only 2-3 % less..just tiered cuz of this...n heating too much... Camera quality in night time is bad...bluish pics..gets hang sometimes... Need to restart..apps unfortunately stopped even i start mobile at first time it start with sorry settings in unfortunately stopped i mean wtf yar...Worst service. I used this since 7months.. I Face so manydifficulties. It's a heater and became slowest phone when it's temp rises to 120degre.. Baterry not good. And service is very very very bad.. Bcz my ear phone couldnt not be replaced since 3month... Till now it's shows pending... Worst phone for ever.. I give 1star only for its good quality camera and others got 0stars.... Worst worst worst....Based on the uses of 15 hours below are the observations which need improvement:1. The heating problem still persist2. Battery performance to be improve, 3000 mah battery could be a solution3. It takes hell lot of time to charge it completely4. Screen resolution are not up to the mark:)awesome phoneHeating prblmThis is 2 badhiting issqueit's good ...Worst productWorst battery1st class picVery good....heating issueheating issueWarast  phoneAwsme phone..Gud phone ...Book my orderWorst productCOOL PHONE...nice phone...Phone is goodIts nice.....Goodbproductsbest phn evergood productworst cameraBad quality.good productok but priceworking finenice phone..hang problamPoor productnice productIts supperbWaste worstWrist phoneAwsum phonesuper phoneGOD PRODUCTYa good oneNice MobileExcellent !wrost phonenice mobileGood to useNice phone.Nice mobileNice mobileOverheatingHanging!!!!hats off!!!Not successGreat phonrNice mobilegod productNice mobilePretty goodnice mobileOverheatingGood mobilenice gadgetgreat phoneIts awesome1. Heating problem. Phone get so hot very soon even when less number of applications are running.2. Rearrangement of Main Menu items is not available (i.e. Alphabetical, Mostly used, Recently installed etc.)3. App hide facility is also not available.4. Battery backup is not up to the mark.Quality of the product is very bad (Manufacturing defect) and bad part is that Amazon is not able to replace it!!!!. So forced to return the item. Make in India is good, but if we make with such a bad quality products or don't improve our manufacturing quality, the purpose of 'Make in India' is lost!!!nice phonebest phonenice phoneNice phoneExcellent.nice phoneGood phoneGood PhoneExcellent.Its so badgood phonenice phonei like it.Don't buy.Nice phoneGood phonegood phonesooryy sirNice......Good phoneGant phonenice phoneNice PhoneNice phoneGood phoneGood phoneNice phoneQuite goodNice phoneBest phoneNice phoneNice phoneWhu no codverry goodNice Phonegood phonenice phonegood phoneNot good..didn't like the phone...It's getting stuck sometimes...Suddenly sometimes dailer stops working and unable to do calls..battery is OK..but facing heat problem..some times mobile is not rebooting..Picture quality is good..Display is good..Better to buy some other mobile..this phone is going to heat at any timedon't buy YU branding phones...customer support is not there...they won't care even if u complaint any issues regarding ur phones,,it iyt ont have service centrs.....dont waste ur valuable money.... :(i will give O rating.....stupid service...i hate this product..!!Nice Phone at this price range. But there are couple of issues such as heating and the caller information display being hidden automatically. The later issue can be solved by dialing the *#*#7769#*#* and according to me, its a nice phone with high end specifications.User file not moved to other location.Hi friends I have been using yureka first of its launch.its was heating verymuch, I though to return it and after yureka launched updates I updated and its working fine.now I'm going to buy yureka plus by using first one,can any body tell YU plus is goog or notI see no difference between Yureka and Yureka Plus. Also, in the add it says that Lollipop v5 is upgradable to v5.1, but when I check for software updsyes , it says no updates available for your mobile and the software version is still v5. Total waste of money.Heating problem & battery life poor..product sounds fantastic.  waiting to be delivered.  I think they should give more colour options.  It is like beautiful woman with an ugly dress.Thank youGud phoneGood one.very goodVery GoodExcellentVery googVery goodVery goodJust goodVery goodVery goodVery GoodVery Goodgood dealIt's goodVery goodVery goodA failureAvg phoneVery goodexcellentGood phnevery goodVery goodvery niceExcellentVery goodExcellentFantastikExcellentFantasticVery goodVery Goodvery niceExcellentVery goodexcellentExcellentNYC phoneExcellentExcellentDon't buyAll is okgud phoneExcellentBad phoneexcellentDONT BUY Yureka ! WORST CUSTOMER SUPPORT ! Its Not Micromax.There are so many countless bad things about the phone. If you are going to buy this phone . Please Don't .There were issues with battery heating Apart from that there are many many problems.Some major problem which I faced in Yureka product...1- It's heating too much continuously, You can feel excessive heat while handling. Very poor battery. Battery draining very fast approx 2 hour at moderate usage after full charge.2-The proximity sensor not working from day 1,searched the web to find that a lot of people have the same issue and there is no support from yureka. When you call, then all app is open automatically which is on home screen, none of the buttons works.3- after lolipop update Screen going full black during incoming and outgoing call.its so irritating that u know call is coming but u can't see who is calling & can't attend the call, Not able to disconnect the call4-in low light 13 mp cam's captured pic looks like just below VGA cam pic, Pics gets bluish if flash is on and Pics when zoom while viewing in gallery, gets pix-elated5- the voice speaker was not audible if u keep it to the chin and speak its audible others wise other people can't listen to u...even most of the time person on other side of call complaint that voice not audible because of lots of noise in call , so too bad call quality. So In call volumeis too low while on call and it will not increase even by volume rockersand caller/reciver at other end not able to listen you because lots of noise in call.6- Memory Card: sometimes Memory card gets removed automatically, (error: memory card has been unmounted)7- even after 2 gb ram, phone hanged, there is no way except taking out battery.8- YU Customer service is also pathetic. After sales services are only good in paper not in reality, its is worst part is your customer care team. I was shocked to find out in Micromax service centers that Yureka is not a micromax product, then WHY THE HELL YOU MARKET IT AS MICROMAX YUREKA!!!The shameful after sales service which Yureka has provided me must be brought to light.in my case Within 1 months of purchasing Yureka from amazon.in, it started giving me software issues. Shockingly, there is no service walk in center you can visit in Noida or in any other city in India.The only option available- The IVR either gives you standard trouble shooting steps or the call center takes a request to pick up your phone from your place. In my case, the phone was not repairable and hence they gave me a refurbished (re-serviced) replacement.And now the kicker, the refurbished replacement given to me seemed 6 months old and in very poor state. Imagine this was a replacement to my brand new phone. Nevertheless, this replacement itself broke down after 2 month with software issues , touchscreen problems, battery drainage fast, proximity issue, low call volume, voice at other end is not audible etc.After such worse experiences with the new and the refurbished handsets , I demanded for the 2nd time a new handset as a replacement. Their reply   No matter what you do you will get an old refurbished phone as replacement. It has been months since even a refurbished phone has come.worst part is that Now suddenly battery stopped charging. Even if it's showing that battery is charging but it's rising. Ultimately phone got dead. I tried other USB Cables and Adapters but None of this works. But then I inserted my battery in some other YUREKA phone. There it was charging. Then i tried to charge some other's YUREKA Phone battery in my phone. Again it doesn't work. So I am sure now there is some problem with charging circuit.again contact YUREKA Customer Care.So first they told me to check the cable and adapter, I did.Then they told to wipe the data and cache partition, I did.They they told to update cynozen, It took me hours to download and complete the procedure.Everytime I borrowed my friend phone's battery and did the task.Even then these guys are stressing on the software problem. But it's clear that phone has issues with charging circuit.I have exchanged many mails with YUREKA Support Center and spend more then 100 Rs on calling YUREKA Customer Care. My Phone is lying dead for from last 20 days.Worst Customer Support. Don't Ever Buy the YUREKA Phone . The phones are faulty and in addition to there would be nobody to listen to your grievances.Primary tests are missing; Its heating machine ; gets heated very fast during calls as if some heat wave is penetrating into ears.Rest all the features are good.Thanks to amazon for fast return and cash back!!! much appreciated.dont buy this  poor quality phonebull s*** phone..i think all the buyers of this phone should go to consumer court for duping the public..neither it is full HD nor its ppi is 401..one of the worst screen resolution..this phone is big let down..don't buy it..Nice phone with price 9k.Prose:1. Nice camera2. Sound quality is good3. Screen size & viewing angles are goodCons:1. Get heated a bit2. Need to charge in a day if using wifi or netloved itOK......Its goodA beast!nice oneGood oneNot GoodVery badThis sux****goodclasss 1Amazing.good oneVery badvery badLoved itnot goodGood oneGood onePatheticexcelentIt sucksgood oneNot goodNice mobNice onenot goodGood onenot goodNt worthnice oneNice oneNice oneIts nicenice oneCheatersNice ...gud foneNot goodwhy 1099G8 phoneNot GoodNice oneOver heating. Unbearable heatBefore you buy think. Poor customer service,  mobile strucking,  android system will not work properly,  touch problem,  and I have seen many of them are facing same,  please refer to other websites for reviewsbought a phone online only second time...I hope its a good phone...specs seems good....camera is awesome and new generation OS....detailed review I shall write after receiving and using it for a week atleast!!this is not a mobile ....this is a iron machine.....you hav nthng in this mobile .... gets heated up like anythng .... problem with UI , sensor is worstbut thanks to amazon for paying me back my amountmobile is good but heating problem is very big issue heat up in 10min only. and one more problem i am facing charging problem it 4 hour in full charge and some time 6 hours its not good for any mobile userworst 1UselessGud oneAwesomenot gudlove itNot badHoplessyu plusShandaeAwesomeAwesomeOwesomeLike itawesomeAmzon sukss and yureka double suksss they ll take 2-3 months to take action against a complaints.I registered a complain on 30 June its still pending no action taken don't buy believe meEvery thing is good except the battery..Sys is sometimes unstable after disabling some apps..WiFi symbol on-off sign problem..Hope the bugs get fixed in next update.Awesmm product under 10 k.Wt i experienced by using this phone...Pros.Nice specifications in this price.Audio quality with headfones is simply awesmm..cant compare.Light weight.Large screen yet handy.Good camera not great.(interpolated).Cons.Heats very easily near upper body.Camera images are not that sharp as they should come by a 13mp. Less camera options.Battery is 2900 mAh...yet it ran out 60% in 24 hrs without any sim card or any kind of activity. Jst sleeping mode ate almost half of its battery.And still running operations....will let u know moreall yureka phones are bulls***scustomer service double bulls***better way you throw your phone under truck or burn it instead waiting cs or call from yu cswaste of moneyBattery is very bad need to charge for six hours n last for only 4hours.Heating issue-Near camera heating like hell.fingers are burning.I need to return this cell.Mobile Software& Camera all ok.But Camera overheating issue,when i camera open display screen over heat issue,so i have returned mobile.*Better than Yureka*Better Battery life than Yureka*No battey heating problem*biggest resolution than Yureka10/10greatSupersuperGreatok okSupersupercam is good.........but games are not working........asphalt 8, modern combat 4 ,dark knight rises etc stop workingPhone heating too much with normal opertion. Very low battery life. The only positive thing is very good display.Update 11/08/15:Here are my views:1. Easily lasts a day on power saver mode. It includes occasional whatsapp, facebook messenger, voice calling and gaming and net surfing.2. I watched a 1hr 29min sherlock home episode and battery level dropped from 100 to 85. (I haven't rooted my phone yet. I just used power saver mode). The video was 720p.3. Heats as soon as 3G is enabled. I guess rooting is the only solution for heating.4. Slightly bluish tint when using camera and also on the display. I calibrated the coloursRed-97%Green-98%Blue-92%.4. Awesome camera. Picture comes slightly bluish in color and lack the originality if the source but the detailing is very nice. Any camera app would solve the blue tint problem.  Plus I cannot ask more at Rs 8999/----I will update again for one last time when I have rooted the device---Update 30/07/15:I am writing this with my yureka plus.Nearly 4 days of heavy usage.1. Heating issue: it ocurrs only when I start using 3G. While video playback it remains cool.Slight heating while charging too.2. Battery backup: dissapointed . I am getting 4.5hrs of on screen time. Average on screen time of smartphones is 5 hrs. While phone is idle battery level doesn't drop quick. But as soon you start using, the full HD screen takes it toll on the battery.3. CPU:  a major issue which can be fixed two ways. The issue is that all 8 cores work simultaneous even when I have opened just 1 app. This adds to heating problem. Solution: root your phone and manage CPU cores by yourself or wait for an update from Yu.4. Stability: no app crashing until today. I installed brain wars and it crashed thrice. Not sure if the app was proper.5. Charging: takes 2.8 hrs to go from 1 to 100.I won't complain because htc816g takes the same time to fully charge.6. Gaming: I played shadow fight 2 in high settings. The game might look simple but is very graphic demanding game. There were a few frame drops but overall gameplay was super smooth. But this game heats up the phone in mere 5-7 mins.--------that's all in this update. If I face any more issue I will update the review again.------I am writing this review while listening on earphones provided :DReview based on 5 hours of use. Let's start with cons:1. Heating is still there. Even while u do WhatsApp or any basic task. Just keep using phone and it will get heated. Its just bearable because you won't put your fingers around camera section where the heat is.2. OMG the performance. For me its OK but for performance freaks I am not sure if you will like this. Animations everywhere are a bit laggy. Yes apps take longer time to open than they did on previous yureka but I dont think 1 sec difference is too much of a trouble Well that's all. No other cons yet.No black screen while calling. Everything else is working great.Pros: 1. Cyanogen  2. Its GPU though few people might argue with that.3. Display4. Accessories provided ( especially the earphones . supreme bass)5. Sar level : 0.27W/kg at head and 0.57W/Kg at body (one of the reasons I didnt buy k3 note)And rest everything is fine.Will update my review before 31st JulyHave a nice day!got phone on 25 of july peice seems defective ,when started got stuck to cyanogen creen never got past itPlz dont purchase yu yureka plus. i have got faulty handset. customer care no of yu yureka doesnt help.this product is bad, battery is worst & processing is very slow.. I'm not satisfied with Yureka plus...Too much heating and battery draining very fast without using the phone....except this phone is good.in this mobile Battery Backup is very poor. Don't Select this mobile. choose another company mobile.excellent product hope to get it fastMobile is heating up waste mobileAmazon service is great but mobile pooooooooor don't buy disniceGoodokayGoodgoodGoodGoodniceNicenicegoodPoorGoodGoodgoodGoodGoodgoodGoodgoodgoodcoolgoodGoodOkayGoodgoodGoodgoodgoodGoodGoodamazing mobile, running well from last 9 months.goodgoodgoodnicenicegoodGiodGoodGoodgoodGoodNiceAwsmnicegoodGoodGoodFineGoodGoodGoodgoodGoodgoodGoodnicegoodGoodBestNiceNiceGoodPoorGoodGoodNicebestgoodNicegoodGoodgoodGoodGoodgoodDullgoodgoodniceGOODGoodNiceGoodWtf!goodgoodCool:-)gr8yesBadAvgThe worst phone I ever used. 2-3hr battery backup in idle condition.Same as yureka but only difference is full HD screen # nothing else#I have bought this phone its an amazing beast........try it.....The phone getting so hot and her microphone is not work properlyYureka is better than other handset & amazon is so fast servisephone internal memory low, not 16 gb ,13gb in my yu yureka plusApart from the heating.  The phone is sexy. No problem at allPhone is going to  too heat on charging , gaming , callingBelow as expected.Applications not running properly.JUST WaiTinG For it.... i OrDered iT for My friend...I hope It Will me more than yureka ... Anxious to use iWorth  the price , for given phone specificationsFone is gud but battery is very poor for this..Very good product, but takes more time to charge.Battery back up very poor and and heating issuesWorth for money phone. Outstanding performance.No complaints, in a word truly awesome !!!!HiHiOkOption not coming for buy or add to cart.Good performancen in low budget segmentBig size. Light weight. Decently fast.Hey Guys I have been using the phone for 2 days and I used the phone to the medium this is my honest review.Camera- 8/10 Good ColorsPerformance- 6/10 Coming from a xperia ZR I found it too slow and sluggish especially in multi tasking and typing.Software- Bloatware free Is 9/10Audio Output - 3/10 My Old Pop could produce a better output via headphones very poor headphones output.Display- 9/10 Very good Display No issues.Heating-  Heats up so fast .Battery - 6/10 Below AverageVFM- 9/10The phone is poor when it comes too multitasking and Audio Output and installing apps. Go for some other phone please . word accuracy is also poor.Rating done on basis on just 2 days use. Will review it after a month.sir i have order youreka fore 8999prduct delviry a pathetic1 no quality in low pricegood product but some common issue as you know if you have used yureka like heating and some lagginess. and bugs due to cynogenmod but Yu has decided to make YU UI instead of bugy cynogen. it is uncomfortable to handle over normal use only it exceeds 45C. So i returened the product.you can buy it if you can compromise with heating issue and bugs. overall good product.i have ordered MoTo gen3 by returning this product.jaldi deliever hoja yr wait nhi ho raha...Value for money packagei loved it. its awsomePoor....hanging phoneArun PANDEY .462001KNice... I love it.I'm the user of yureka it what just awesome but i'm intersted in yureka plus plz introduced some exchange policy for the yureka userslike the motorola's moto g  1gen users allowed to exchange with moto g 2gen if we opted it will be great marketing strategiesso  take my idea in consideration and say about itnice mobile .....good super mobileSuperrr duperrrToo much heating issuegood phone bettry back up downI like yurekaHi friends I got yu yeraka plus today afternoon when I was registered it on 6th of this month... Phone is amazing but the camera looks like s***, taking pictures with 13mp is taking with 2mp... Phone is good but not worthGood at alllBattery lowNice phoneNice .....Bakwas hai, battery drains rapidly, u have to charge the cell 3 times a day, also it heats like heater, Moto E is better choice than this faltu Yureka.It's awesomeNice phnWaiting for the product to be delivered. Specifications are awesome at 10k. Will update review after using it for a week.So goodNice onePhone is very good but gets unbearably hot.I am returning the phone back.i m using it since past 3 month now it showing some display problem and hangingAwsumGoodGoodGoodThis fon is not worth buying. It has got lot of problems.1) screen goes blank for incoming & outhoing calls. So one can't operate only. Useless.2) Battery takes just too long to get charged.3l Battery drains out very fast even when not used. Daily charging is a must.4) Ringer volume goes down on its own every now & then. You just can't hear incoming call rings, forget about answering it. Absolutely useless.5) Data can't be moved from internal to external memory. Default storage location is internal memory & can't be changed. External sd card is absolutely useless as effective memory is internal one only. When internal memory is near to full, phone slows & hangs.YU Yureka Plus Mobile phone very goodI too bought in first flash sale. Same heating issue with bad sensors. 1 star for battery backup. 15 % goes off in night. Even kept as such. One game for 10 min 20% battery goes off.kindly upgrade the battery issues yu play. Or else u won't survive this market.Working greatAverage.....Good