
 very bad phone.
Sound quality very poor.
Manufacturing & inbuilt design issue.
I am very up sate of use this phone.
I cant re commended this phone buy. 
 PROXIMITY : I didn't have an issue but HAVE THE SOLUTION: 
Go to SETTINGS > DISPLAY AND LIGHTS > Turn off "DOUBLE TAP TO WAKE" 
Relax. 
1) My phone got very hot during the update but after that, t wasn't very hot but I am not sure whether the update affected it or not, will let u know soon. 
2) Music better with earphones now, but I feel that the speaker quality has been reduced a bit. 
3) Lags : Gone forever. 
Before the update, after ten days or so it did lag a little during multitasking but it's perfect now. 
4) I compared my phone to xiaomi Mi3 
The touch, is better in yuphoria
The UI is 100000000 times better than Xiaomi.
Camera : didn't compare, will let u know. 
5) I don't understand what difference was made by the update to the camera though the images are captured faster now,
Quality : yet to test.  
 THis is just awesome phone..
waht a look it is having..wow..
and the features u can see those are just u can say fadduuuu..
nd as far as the body is concern ....i liked it bcz there is no tag of micromax as it is smartphone of mmx...so i love it.... 
but
the battery backup is not so good ....after every 2nd hr u have to charge 
i will not force anyone to purchase it but yah.. it is a slim nd lovely set  
 lighting fast phone, its worth purchase, go for it..... ......   
 Let me tell you the pros and cons of the device
pros
it handles gaming very well.
battery is decent to last for at least 1 day
charging is also fast only 1hour 30min
camera is excellent
selfie camera is even better
video recording is really good as well
the storage(16 gb) is enough u dont need a sd card
the touch is PERFECT
after the update the heating issue has been solved
the scratch guard is also provided
cons
the quality of earplugs is average
due to the metal around the phone it has become heavy
also even if the phone heats a little the heat is conducted through the metal(even if it does not get hot. Usually its cold) 
OVERALL ITS AN EXCELLENT DEVICE YOU SHOULD GO FOR IT CONSIDERING THE PRICE POINT IT PACKS SOME EXCELLENT SPECS
WELL DONE MICROMAX!! 
 in this phone what's app call will not working, screen is blanking some times.........
camera clarity is very good 
 i suggest to all for this phone amazing product YU , all thing are very good specially camera is awesome...its too good, very light weight, easy to use and handle, smart feature...... so go for it. i bought this mobile at 6999-/ by registration. 
 Really i was shocked when i saw this handset at affordable price. Before I had finalised ASUS Zenfone 5, but when i heard about Yuphoria configuration, i was just ....... blank.
And also I'm satisfied with this product. 
Camera resolutuion and output is so awesome. Sound quality is perfect with speaker n headphones.
The only drawback, i think is of Service center. Till now there is no service center in any city other than Delhi. 
 It's a good value for money phone. No challenge at it's price Comes with great specifications and Cyanogenmof 
 Everything is perfect except battery life.
For heavy users they have to buy a power bank. 
 this mobile is good but battry backup is nod good only average i am geving 3 star becouse i have taken yu yuphoria last 5 days sim contect is not sowing 
 Its completed just 8 months then got key pad issue and given to service center. Now they are telling its not possible to repair so you can take phone. So I have warranty till another 2 months. Please dont buy this phone.   
 This is the worst ever phone which I have used...
Pros
- Nothing special except the Front camera
Cons
- Everything, basically the built-up is not stable. Dialer itself was showing not responding for atleast 80% times. For making a call, u have to try for 20 times.
- After upgrading, all apps started not responding, services centres are of bad quality and non-responsive 
Please dont buy this phone'. Actually I want to give some negative ratings 
 Good phone nice camera quality and nice processing time ..nice one 
 DONT BUY ANY YU PHONES SERVICE IS VERY BAD NOT SUPPORT FROM SERVICE CENTER YOUR PHONE SEND TO COMPANY DIRECTLY PROBLEM NOT SOLV FROM SERVICE CENTER COMPANY TAKES MINIMUM 45 DAYS TO REPAIR PHONE 
 charging issue in 4 months, No any replacement from 2 months after charging issue. No any action on my complaint. Please do not purchase. 
 Hard earned money went for a toss. Bad experience can force a lazy person like me to write a review so all can imagine what kind of products this is. 
Touch issue
Heating issue
Software Bug
You name a problem and this phone has it.
On top of it after sales adds icing to it by providing you poor service.. Almost a month now and I don't know when I will get a replacement for the faulty one..YU support says contact Micromax center and vice-versa. I cant even take benefits of exchange offers as faulty one was handed over to Micromax support. 
 I purchased phone 6 months back, now it is not at all working. I was facing below issues 
Unfortunately so and so apps stopped (e.g., Unfortunately Google play services stopped)
Apps not installed error
Installed apps are not opening (E.g., Gmail)
Mobile is automatically restarting/ shutting down
Poor video recording voice clarity
Phone voice clarity is not good 
Customer support is not good. They told me I will get it within 15 working days, but courier people said they not yet received handset from YU. I am very disappointed, no phone from almost a month 
 Do not buy any product of Yu 
Recently i purchase Yu5010 Moblie Accidentally Display is broken 
I Sent to the Service Center for replace display of amount 2299 on 3rd dec 
but still not get back my device  
very very worst service  
Do not buy any product of YU 
 Very disappointed with the old used phone.... we din't expect flipkart to be selling second hand phones. worst ever product by flipkart! im giving 1 rating because i dont have option of negative rating. 
 NICE BUT WANT TO KNOW WHERE IS THE SERVICE CENTER IN SURAT SO AS TO MAKE SERVICE IF REQUIRED...?THE TOUCH IS ALSO NOT BAD OK OK BUT HIGHLY PREFERABLE MOBILE.. 
 This is unfair for the Customer that Flipkart increase the rate of mobile. The Rate of Mobile in Nov is Rs 65oo . you have suddenly increase the rate to Rs 15oo. Why there is a increase of RS 15oo. I really don't understand. Plase don't ;buy this mobile because they are charging higher rate. Please wait for some time. 
 I cant decide.....
I should BUY redmi2 prime or yu yuphoria... please suggest me.... i am in big trouble... 
 mane nathi gamto ................................................................................................................................................................................................ 