
 The best Android Device Experienced till now  
we use smartphones in terms of Calling obviously, for watching movies,Gaming,GPS and lots of net stuff including social or commercial use. 
But these stuff you can get easily in any smartphone under 10k but the main issue where the devices lack now days, battery backup,here in this department 'its GOD' seriously.After playing continuously 35-40 min of clash of clans battery drains from 67% to 64% i was shocked literally.In same case if device was Xiaomi Mi4 it will drained to 60% or 59%,why I m comparing it to Xiaomi Mi4 to this device is because Mi4 and the one plus one both of these devices are great known for battery backup as well so in that case this Zenphone 2 laser can beat both of them very easily. 
GAMES PLAYED- 
Asphalt 8- High setting (works fine) Medium (Great) 
FIFA 16 (Great Performance) 
Need for Speed NO LIMIT (Great) 
Marvel Contest of champion(Great) 
After playing these games i didnt even noticed the heat so guys this device does'nt heat at all,even while you charging it will still remains the same temp' 
People here talking about the issue regarding the sound quality and its loudness- 
Sound quality is really nice but the loudness is not up to the mark,Dont get me wrong here,I'm not saying that its bad but it is actually low to my liking , if i would hv to rate it out of 10 I'll give it 7 to 7.5 . So it is low but not so low obviosuly you can hear the ringtones in the same room :P and every one have their secondary phone specially for calling purpose,you just have to buy cool headset and you will love it while you watching movies or video,I'm a bass lover , m not like those who willing to listen soft clarity like sound,I have used Sony's XB450, nw XB70 (in ear) is my daily driver and was also played some music videos to check the quality of sound thru this device and i had same experience with it so in headset department totally impressed. 
For those who said in their review about the proximity sensor issue- 
from the day 1 I seriosuly hvnt noticed any issue regarding proximity sensor even i hv used a tempered glass also so may be you got the device defected :P NO OFFENCE
i suggest try to replace it if your 30 days replacement warranty is still valid. 
Video quality and color corrections are great i too knw this device has only 267ppi but seriously when u own this device none of this spec matter the video quality is awesome even the colors were great,by color i mean white luks white they dont look yellow 80% devices lack this seriously even in my Mi4 white was actually hving' yellow tint :D  
Camer department-
I rarely used camera seriously i am not the right guy to tell you about this category but i clicked some pictures twas descent, sort of noise found when you take this picture in low light or in an artificial lights but over all not a bad camera i would say 
so finally here is my pros and cons- 
PROS- 
Camera-9
Display - 9.5 (sharp,vivid) 
Sound quality - 9 (Quality wise) 
Battery- 10 (God In this) 
CONS- 
it is v.slippery make sure when you hold it you shud hv hold it tight otherwise it cn easily drop,For the safety purpose i suggest to buy a mercury flip cover fr it. 
Sound yes as i mention earlier its not up to the mark,This is seriously doesn't matter to me 90% ppl nw use headset and they are the best in every sound department,i hd to write some cons so i hv written this fr the public purpose hope it helps 
Hit yes if you like my review else no fr unlike :)  
Review Updated Now :) 
Hit like if you like my review  
Thank you 
 I have pre ordered this phone through flipkart and I must mention that overall order fulfillment and delivery of Flipkart is just awesome. 
Overall a good phone. In some departments the phone is very good and in some it's just average or below average. 
1) Built quality is very good. this phone looks and feels sturdy in hand and also feels premium, Not very heavy and not too light either. Weight distribution is good. Does not feel heavy at one end. 
2) 5.5 " 720 p IPS Display with Corning Gorilla Glass 4 feels great. Color and brightness is just best in qulality. Touch is awesome. 720p videos run flawlessly and great to watch on this device. 
3) 3000 mAH Battery is good to have in a 5.5" display. Power backup is good. But I am disappointed with the charger. It takes too long to charge the battery but that's adjustable. 
4) ZenUI is very good and over my expectation. I have used lenovo UI, MIUI 6 and cynogenmod12 and I must say this ZenUI is no less in comparison. Look n feel is good. I would love to see a bit more Themes in the Theme store, a better secutiry app with app restrictions to use the internet but less preinstalled apps. Too many unremoveable preinstalled apps make this UI heavy taking up 5.26 GB after OTA update. 
Thus you get 10.8 Gb approx from the 16 Gb internal Memory.2 Gb Ram is good to have these days. Overall operation is smooth and crisp. 
This phone supports OTG (Tested) 
4)Camera (Single Con I found): The 5 mp front cam with FF is good. Nice Capturing range.Beautification mode enhances the image. Photo output is good not great. Yureka and Mi note 4g/ Mi4i has better output. 
13Mp rear camera with Dual Tone Flash and Laser focus. Here is where the main trouble arises. The auto Laser focusing is very quick, but you have no idea what outcome you are going to get after you click. Sometimes you get excellent pics but most of the time the photo is noisy and full of grains. 
I am very impressed with the dual tone flash, it works very good. But for one good photo you need to take 5/6 clicks. This made me depressed. I dint expected this from a hit brand like ASUS,  
What I feel is that they need more research on the rear camera sensor and need to release a OTA update to fix this issue. Sensor is not performing as expected. Its like a brainless instrument.Very disappointing. 
This is my first impressions after using this phone for 36 hours. Do give a like if it helps you. 
 I would like to point out only the solution for the cons that people said here about this 5/5 rated phone for Value for money, best specification, and Light weight design. Don't Listen to the people who complaint about this phone as they don't know much about phones and usage statistics.  
Cons Mentioned : Camera Quality is Poor 
Ans: If you think you need a phone which provide DSLR quality image, buy a camera not a phone with small sensor for taking decent photographs. However dont count on MegaPixels but the sensor size, lighting conditions etc. My phone produced decent pics, which can be easily uploaded to social media sites and finely viewable on PCs. I dont want to make FLEX print Quality images LOl ;) 
Cons Mentioned: Proximity Sensor not working 
Ans: My phone is good, and its Proximity sensor works fine. If you think its not working in your device, get a replacement. 
Cons Mentioned: Sound Output is Low 
Ans: See its a device running with a software, try to press the volume up keys and adjust the AudioWizard. Still you think volume is low, are you making any DJ party with phone? If you think volume is less in Ring, get a Trouble Enhanced Rings in Wav/Mp3. eg: police siren type. 
Cons Mentioned: Why not Qualcom 615 Processor, on this phone of this budget? 
Ans:Someone said about Yureka, Mi4i etc which is having 615 processor, Yeah, ask the people who own that hand set how much battery life they are getting if they played ASPHALT 8 continuously or Turn on Wifi or Watch Movies back to back? Qualcom 410 is the best choice that ASUS made on this phone. Its also 64 bit processor, but less heating, less battery consumption. Ask people who own Intel Processor ASUS phones about their battery backup. They may also cry. :P 
Cons Mentioned: Front facing camera is not able to take Videos 
Ans:Yeah its true, but i have a suggestion. You can use "OpenCamera" app from play-store which solve this issue anyways. You can wait for the OTA updates from ASUS, and they will solve it by then i hope. 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
So that's it, if you think this review helpful support me and my YouTube channel "TheMobileShots". I have made full reviews and opinions about this phone in LIVE. You can ask me more about this phone in LIVE and i am happy to help you out. 
(y)(y) BEST PHONE in this PRICE Range 5/5  
Those who buy LENOVO k3 Note, MI4i, Honor X, Yureka, Meizu Note, XOLO Black, Moto G3.... Samsung J5/Grand/Max/Prime Dont your waste money! 
 I was tired searching various phones under 10k. My priorities were: 
1. Low SAR ( Radiation level)
2. Min 16GB Internal memory
3. 5.5" IPS Display
4. Gorilla Glass
5. Android Lolipop
6. A fast and reliable processor. 
I couldn't find even a single phone by any reputed manufacturer to offer all above mentioned features. Lenovo models were good but beware, their SAR (Radiation) levels are high and just within the prescribed upper limits. So they did not fit the scheme. 
Then came ZENPHOne 2 Laser 550KL 
It satisfied my all requirements. Its a great gadget. Stylish, sleek, looks expensive, performance is exceptionally good for a phone under 10k. No LAGS AT ALL. 
CAMERA ISSUE: 
I was a bit skeptical about its camera output after reading some divergent and critical remarks. But let me assure you, the Camera works well. ASUS released two critical system updates ( each around 300 MB). As soon I updated the phone, I noticed a remarkable change in the Camera quality. Whatever the shortcomings were removed.  
Conclusion: 
A great device to have. Best SAR value. Good camera, becomes the BEST after a simple auto update. Highly recommended. 
 First of all I should thank Flipkart for their best short time shipment and no charge for that.(within 2 days). 
Before I purchase this Asus Zenfone 2 laser I go through lot of reviews of the mobile at this price range , especially I compared it with "Lenovo k3 Note" which my brother purchased last month.  
Finally I bought "Asus Zenfone 2 laser" 4 days before i amazed with this performance and features. 
1.If we compare it with Lenovo k3 note at this price range it has stylize arc design on back side it gives us secure and comfortable holding. 
2.13 MP Rear and 5 MP front cameras give good quality decent images at this price.
Cameras have lot of features like skin smoothing effects,low light mode,perfect zooming.
overall camera quality is more effective than Lenovo K3 Note and the laser works better speed focusing.Rear volume control button gives more comfortable selfie photos with the help of index finger. 
3.This mobile gives zen "Auto start manger" app to manage unwanted apps loaded into the RAM when we not using them.So the speed will increase. 
4.It gives double touch lock screen with Zen touch gesture Settings. 
5.After full charge I traveled 200 km by bus , used GPS for about 15 mins,listen to music for at least 2 hour ,watch videos for 15 mins, took around 30 photos about 30 mins,talk about 10 mins , just swiped for at least 2 hours my battery shows 35 % after 18 hours. 
I am not Asus supporter , just as a end user I reviewed this mobile.Hope it will helpful.   
 I am using this phone from last 40 hours. Here are the pros and cons i found out:- 
1. Excellent battery life. On normal usage it would last almost 2 days. With 4G on, whatsapp,music, Facebook still it lasted for more than 24 hours. So 10/10 on battery.
2. Amazing UI. I am a fan of zen ui. My old phone was zenfone 5. Lots of features like gesture support, tap to wake up and lock, themes etc etc. Completely lag free ui.
To UI 10/10
3. Though it's a large device and pixel density is only 264 ppi, still i could not feel the difference with other devices. If you look very close could feel the difference. I am not happy with the auto brightness sensor.with auto brightness sensor the screen looks slightly dull. To display 8/10.
4. Camera performance is very average. Asus is talking a lot about laser autofocus but what i feel in semi indoor condition photos are not coming out that great. It outdoor conditions it's just good not the best. To camera 7/10. 
5. Speaker output is weak. You need to adjust the bass,treble and volume to make it little louder. But the audio jack output is awesome. 
6. Gaming performance is decent. Games like asphalt 8 and dead trigger 2 ran smoothly. To gaming 8/10. 
7. Build quality is good. Thanks to the curved back. It has led notification. 
Overall this is a awesome phone to have in this price. Better phone than k3 note, mi4i and lenovo 7000,6000 plus etc etc. 
I would give 4/5 to this phone.  
 Got my new Asus Zenfone 2 Laser...
Awesome phone under 10000/-
I got it in 9200/-
in Big Billion Days.. 
-> Awesome and faster delivery of flipkart.......
Thanks to Flipkart for such an awesome phone..... 
-> Killer Looks 10/10
-> Incedible Battery Performance- I used Completely 2 days using wifi and played games too.. 10/10
-> No lags While gaming Asphalt,Modern Warfare,etc Best UI - Zen UI 10/10
-> More customised 10/10 if u like custimization best for u... 10/10
-> good camera quality with nice features - 9/10 
-> Sound is also good - quality wise - a bit low but good... I don't like loud sound of chienese phones...
->1 GB Ram is always free .. so nice experience in gaming.
-> Decent pictures in low light,... 
Better than Mi 4i, Yu Yureka Plus , Lenevo k3 note, Meiuze M2 note,etc...   
 MOBILE PHONE IS QUIT GOOD BUT THE ONLY CON IS THT THE BOX DOESNT CONTAIN EARPHONE.....OVERALL VALUE FOR MONEY PRODUCT 
 Got My Phone 2 days back and had been using to the most possible......and i came to the conclusion that this is the best device under 10k. 
Pros :  
1. 5.5 inch hd diplay vibrant and great crisp display with an amazing 72% screen to body ratio that looks amazing. 
2. Amazing battery back up with normal usage the phone can easily run upto 2 days with heavy usage it will go upto 14 hrs easily and with moderate usage it will go upto a day. 
3. A very good13 mp rear & 5 mp sefie camera produces sharp and clear pics with good detailing the best camera within the 10k range and even better than samsung e6,redmi,lenovo. i personally compared the cameras with these phones and then came to the conclusion. 
4. Sound output Is great some were saying its low i chkd it for myself i damn loud with clear sound quality.Headphone output is superb too. 
5. Laser autofocus helps you to clk amazing pics with fast focus.. macro shots come out great with good details. 
6. Gesture features are a great addition helps a lot. 
7. The phone's 1.2 ghz 64 bit coupled with 2 gb ram will get you through anything. Its fast and responsive. 
8. Design and build quality is also good. 
9. Gaming is absolutely amazing casual games run without any issue high end games are running smoothly too games such as gt racing 2,fifa and other high end games ran without any problem tried asphalt 8 in high graphics works without any lag but i wd recommend one to play the game in medium graphics works even better. 
10. Does not heat up much no matter how much multitasking and anything else u through at this device. 
Cons:  
Every phone have some cons no matter how good it is but in this phone the cons are few and are no of much concern to me and i dnt think any1 will have any problems with it. 
1. Takes a long time to charge up almost 2.5 hrs. 
2. The camera quality is great but in night time its not that great but u will get decent quality pics no worries about that. 
Overall this is the best phone in 10k category dnt think much i wd reccomend it to u all who are thinking of buying this one go get it u won't be dissapointed at all and dnt listen to the negative comments about this phone i have used it personally and i can assure you its an amazing phone u will fall in love with it from day 1.  
 Orderred phone on 19th Aug and got delivered yesterday, thanks to flipkart as always awesome :). Coming to phone , i have been using since last 24 hrs, following things i would bring to notice
1. Battery performance is good (5/5 rating for that)
2. Performance is smooth no lag , i was running apps , music, internet, games (5/5 ratings for that). And yes no Heating problem at all
3. ASUS has provided various pre installed apps , all of them has great utility specially apps for camera (5/5 ratings for that)
4. Camera performance is above good but not excellent, ASUS need to improve on that (3.5/5 ratings for that)
5. Best feature is one hand operation, since many are not comfortable holding such size phone and typing sms/whatsapp etc (5/5 ratings for this special feature)
6. Pricing is awesome (5/5 ratings for that), It is far better than it's competitors like Lenovo K3 which has below average camera and high sar value, and ASUS in this price range gives a premium feel considering the back over and gorilla glass which k3 doesn't have
7. Only thing that disappointed me was that they have not provided headphones along with the phone, overall packing was good (4/5 ratings for that) 
8. GPS Doesn't work properly....(0/5) for that
Rating for Flipkart and their services (5/5 ), keep delivering smiles flipkart :) 
Anybody planning to go for mobile phone and have budget of 15 k you can definitely go for this one, i bet you wouldn't repent 
 I have purchased this phone 15 days back. Initially, I was rather happy to have made a good selection as the phone has really stylish looks and great features. But, then I encountered a serious issue...Every time I make a call, the screen blacks out and does not wake up inspite of double tapping the screen! It takes about half a min to wake up. During this period, I am unable to operate the phone. And, I must say this is really irritating!
Also, the phone starts lagging after installing 10-12 applications. 
I think Asus should really resolve this issue soon!
Apart from this, the phone has really good features, a great battery and the Customized Zen UI is really smooth and easy to use.... 
 good camera quality,even in low light,good battery back up,no heating issue till now....,no hanging,smart display, 
 Initially it was good. After 3 days mic problem started . Opposite person is unable to hear my voice. After reboot it works normal and again it starts. All this model having same issue.So never buy this mobile. 
 Got the phone delivered on Raksha Bhandan, a pleasant surprise!!
Very nice device, very good quality. No problems so far, have been using it for 2 days. Will post a detailed review after a couple of days. But at this point of time, the device looks really promising. 
Camera quality:
Rear: Very good (Not excellent). 
Front: Superb. 
Display: Vibrant. Gorilla Glass 4 is good, touch is smooth and responsive. 
Battery: Backup seems good as it goes down gradually. 
Design: Surprisingly, even after having a 5.5" Screen, the device is not huge. Feels good to hold. Doesn't feel heavy. Looks really premium in hand. 
No heating issues so far, not even when charging. 
Overall, worth the money spent. Go for it guys!! 
 I received this phone yesterday.
It looks great with 5.5 inch HD Display.
Smooth matte finished back which is nice to hold in your hand.
The camera quality is okay...not that good.
Battery is superb.
ZenUI is good but I prefer Nova and using that.
Like the double tap to wake and sleep feature.
Though you will get it with Greenify app activated by any 3rd party launchers. 
DISGUSTING -> Too much of bloatware man !!Unnecessary apps loaded in this phone.Waste of memory. 
WORST -> The sound quality is just so poor...sooo poooorr..soooosoooosoooo pooor that...arrrgghhhhhh.
Speakers arent great AT ALL.
ZERo0o out of 10. 
Few minutes back when I was checking the sound with songs,the temperature went upto 42/43 degree C.It was only 2 minutes or so and the temperature started rising...and I literally felt it rising.Dont know why this happened,maybe theres a problem with my device.
I have seen reviews on youtube,there the temperature was around 37/38/39,but mine went upto 43. 
Overall I am pretty satisfied looking at the price ...the nice display,great build quality...and specially with the battery.Thanks for the lovely battery. 
Small advice for ASUS..remove those bloatware.We dont need those useless apps.
Improve the sound quality.Its worst. And also the camera. 
Thank you !  
 I have used ASUS Laser ZE550KL for 3 weeks now and here is my review  
+Awesome touch , butter smooth experience
+Great UI , unlimited customization
+NO LAG, throw whatsover
+Marathon Battery, lasts 1.5 days easily with good use (5hr wifi,1hr vids,3hr 3g,2hr calls)
+Superb Screen ,Reproduces Genuine Colors
+Camera is USP , it produces very good pictures in daylight ,
 some noise creeps in low light 
-Buttons are not Backlit
-Preinstalled apps are more , some might not like
-Loudspeaker volume is not so good 
DON'T WAIT MUST BUY , IF YOU ARE PLANNING TILL NOW 
P.S Phone seems very delicate and fragile in hand , must buy case/cover :) 
Rate if you found this review useful 
 Mobile looked good at first glance and was totally satisfied at this cost though few bugs were there in the software until I came across this major issue with both the SIMs.
SIM1 status become unavailable quite often and in order to activate it I need to disable and enable SIM1 again.
SIM2 goes on roaming alot though I am home!!! 
Seems defective set!!! 
Have requested for new set.
Will provide further update. 
 I had bought Lenove K3 note, but after 1 week one day phone got heated so much and touch sensor on some parts of screen started giving problem. I called flipkart for replacement. But as K3 not was out of stock they could not give replacement and they debited Rs.9999 to my flipkart wallet account on same day when they took by defective K3 note. Very Very happy with the Flipkart service after purchasing product which makes me to keep shopping in Flipkart than any other online store.
 With Rs. 9999 wallet i ordered Asus Zenfone 2 Laser and have been using since last 3 weeks.
Pros
1. Good battery backup. As I use to download PC games in torrent, i always keep my wifi on in mobile and download through torrent. Believe me, with wifi on always it gives 24 hours of battery backup. As I had used K3 note earlier, for my experience K3 was giving hardly 6 hours backup with wifi always on
2. Supports memory card upto 128GB, but presently i am using 64GB card to download high end games. But K3 note supported only 32GB which i was not able to download heavy size games.
3. Laser Auto focus for quick focus on objects.
4. Has inbuilt application to control apps on start up which boosts device performance.
5. Has double tap feature to wake up the screen and also to lock it. K3 note doesnt have application control and double tap feature
6. On first boot I get 1GB of free RAM, but in K3 note you get 600-700MB free ram on first boot.
7. After 8- 10 hours of first boot (i mean opening closing many applications) there will be always 700-800mb free RAM, But K3 note will have 300-400mb RAM
8. With inbuilt Asus Audio Wizard and Google Music Equalizer it produces awesome sound effect with heavy Bass ( I am using Creative EP630). I feel like I am inside theatre while listening to Music. Even Lenovo K3 note has Atom Dolby, but it doesnt allows you to customize equalizer at all and it doesnt work together with google music equalizer. In K3 either you have to use Atom Dolby or Goole music Equalizer. But Asus gives option to use both Audio Wizard and Google Music Equalizer which produces thumping Bass. After hearing sound effect of Asus, I kept my Sony MP3 Player in my drawer 
Cons
1. Bit uncomfortable to operate in one hand as it is 5.5 inch screen
2. Screen is HD but still its look good in bright sunlight. I didnt find any difference between Full HD of K3 note and HD of this mobile
3. Didnt like the inbuilt messaging application, but K3 not has good and nice messaging application in which has option to pinch in zoom in messaging app 
If you are thinking to go with K3 note or Asus Zenfone 2 Laser, by my experience i suggest you to go for Asus.  
 After using it a month 
Display :: 5/5
Build Quality :: 5/5 
Battery :: 5/5
Call Quality :: 4.9/5
No Heating Issue :: 4.8/5
Camera :: 4.8/5
Sound :: 4/5 ( average loudness but yes is clear)
Gaming :: 4/5 
Android Experience :: 4.6/5 (with Zenui)   
 After using this phone for 3 weeks now.....here's my review: 
Pros: 
1. BATTERY: Firstly a mammoth battery life. Though many phones in the market have 3000 mah battery, but it's all about how the OS, UI and the apps manage the power. And here zenfone 2 laser scores full marks. I am easily getting 2 full working days of backup from this battery. Well 2 full workings days is indeed a vague term. To be specific, I have recorded 9 hours 32 mins of screen-on time on this device and even then I had 10% of battery life left!!! That's massive and blows away any other phone in this range or infact even almost all the phones in the premium bracket. 
So basically you can easily watch 3-4 movies (2.5 hrs duration approx) on this phone after a full charge. 
Tips: You need to use the "Auto-start Manager" app for this. Its a great app available in Zen UI, which you must utilize. "Deny" auto-start permission to all those apps, which you think, doesn't require an auto-start. I have only allowed WhatsApp and my Email app, auto-start permission, since I need real-time feed from these 2 apps. 
Also, under Power Management options, try to set the "Power Saving" option. This would smartly manage the CPU and the network. 
2. PERFORMANCE : Well Snapdragon 410, might seem feeble specially when you see other devices in similar range, boasting a Snapdragon 615 chipset. But here's the catch - Snapdragon 615 has heating issues and also sucks up your battery faster. On the other hand, Snapdragon 410 is capable enough to handle multi-tasking well enough. Also, I am able to play almost all the high-end games at max detail, without any visible lag. There is absolutely no heating issues even after playing 30-40 mins of high-end games. Seamlessly playing all my 1080p movies with ease. What more you need!!!  
3. DISPLAY : 264ppi with a 720p screen, seems less on paper, specially when competitors are providing 1080p screens. But take my words, the display is fabulous!!! 
Colours are accurate. Whites are pure whites and not yellowish like Motos n likes.
Display is bright and vivid and watching movies/videos on YouTube is real fun!
Additionally it has a Gorilla Glass 4 protection, so less chances of scratches or a broken screen - a huge plus from any devices of this range.  
Tips: Auto-brightness feature of this phone is real aggressive and makes the display a bit dull. But, it saves a massive amount of battery life too. So, unless you need your screen to be real bright (say when watching some movies or vids), its actually a good idea to turn the auto-brightness feature ON. 
4. DESIGN - The curved and rubberized back, is a life saver. Not only does it makes the phone easy to hold but it also looks premium. Build quality is solid and weight distribution is uniform. So, you won't feel like hold a 5.5" phone. A better grip allowed me to operate the phone with one-hand, most of the time, without the fear of dropping it. 
Cons: 
1. CAMERA - Though the usp of this phone is the laser auto-focus, but the camera as a whole is the only thing where the phone is a bit down, specially when you are seeing every thing else work so well.
Outdoor photos are coming great. But the indoor photos is low light conditions(without flash), is coming a bit grainy. I do have a DSLR and I do understand the short comings of all small sensor cameras. So, I am ok with that. The dual tone flash works well and photos with the powerful flash, are good enough. 
2. The speakers of this phone isn't like really loud. But loud enough to catch your attention when you get a call on a busy street. Audio levels with headphones, is simply awesome and yes LOUD!!!! 
To summarize, I am completely satisfied with this phone. I would definitely recommend anyone to go for this phone. Remember, Asus, doesn't just make phones. I have been using Asus products from 2003 (Motherboards) and they do have a lot of service centers across all cities. So, after-sale service is something that wont disappoint you. Also, Asus has been prompt enough to provide OS upgrade to all its previous phones from Jellybean to KitKat to Lollipop. So, you can expect Android N upgrade on this phone since this came with Android L out-of-box . Fingers crossed!!! :) 
 It is a great phone for the price bracket.
But it comes with a few glitches, which can be taken care by upcoming updates., 
 I have LG L9 Optimus, 4.7'' screen which is 125 gm and using since last 3 years, it started giving problem after i had to get the screen change after it was broken, else i am very happy to be content with L9.
So, after lots of ground work ordered Moto 3rd Gen. But then also saw that Asus Zenfone 2 Laser ZE550KL was tailing Moto in all review, most of the place First rank is Moto and second goes to Asus Zenfone 2 Laser ZE550KL. Now, since, long battery life is more important to me, i cancelled Moto and pre-ordered Asus Zenfone 2 Laser ZE550KL.
Flipkart committed for 3rd week of Sept'15 but got it delivered on 28th Aug, well this was WOW... 
First look , Just a look, OKKKK,
Then i hold it in my hand and ehhhhhh, it looses compare to L9 Due to big size and being heavy... 
But then i thought, its not Asus Zenfone 2 Laser ZE550KL problem, i brought it consciously. 
Now come to Asus Zenfone 2 Laser ZE550KL, the fone look good and sturdy. For me Camera is good as i do not expect it to give me DSLR (I am learning photography with DSLR) like quality. Night shots are good (compare to LG Optimus) . 
The best part in last 36 hours of usage is it does not heat up as much as LG Optimus and battery is awesome, yesterday i was on 4G full day and the i did not have to charge the fone entire day. 
i haven't seen other other features but all in all satisfied. 
An update as of today the 20th Sept'15:
Yesterday, all of sudden front camera stopped working. I did trouble shooting by starting fone in safe mode, no help. Did factory reset, no help.
finally requested for replacement. 
Kudos to professionalism of Flipkart, the called sharp on time as committed. They did some basic check and offered me refund or replacement. 
Since i am happy with product i chose replacement. 
I am very happy with Flipkart and product ...... most striking feature of fone is the battery and it does not get heated.... both of which i value most... 
An update @ 21st Sept, 10.55 am :
Got the replacement within 24 hours.... wonderful..... full mark for cust sat...
Now time to watch... hope this time , i will have seamless functioning  
 Pros:
1.Screen size is good.
2.Aesthetics is good
3.Screen clarity is good
4.Easy to manoeuvre
5.Data downloading is fast.
6.3G connectivity is good.
7.Front camera 5 MP is good with clarity
8.Scratch proof because of gorilla glass
9.Auto Call recording option is good 
Cons:
1. Delicate product to handle
2. Difficult to use it with one hand becoz of size
3. Rear camera clarity is bad, being 13 MP
4. Video recording has problem as the sound doesnt get recorded
5. When the call gets connected, the other side unable to hear 
Overall can toss a coin on this product   
 Been using this device for over a month now. What really made me buy this device was the non heating seamless performance that it provides over its competitors like Yureka Plus,K3 Note etc. This device has shortcomings, but it's optimised and has quality in whatever specs it has to offer. Somewhat like Moto G3. 
Pros: 
Display(premium quality,CG4 protection), wished it was FHD,but then the SD 410 processor will struggle with performance and the battery will be reduced substantially. 
Battery: It lasts long for a phablet & on most occasions even gave better life than smaller screen devices. On screen time was somewhere around 6.5-7 hours. Stand by time is excellent due to Zen UI. 
Performance: Most tasks are smooth and fluid. The device is able to handle almost all apps & games what one would install.Even big games handled well with no lags like Asphalt 8,Dead Trigger 2 etc .It's not a graphic intensive device in the price range and no device in this segment plays extremely high graphics games, especially without heating. This device has negligible heating even while charging and using the device simultaneously. 
Camera: On most occasions, the camera did give good to average pics(especially with ample light). One should be adept in using different modes according to the conditions though.Although,digital noise in artificial light conditions & dark conditions are more than one would want to see. Personally,I expected a bit more from the camera, as the phone has its name dedicated to it.Moto G3 has a much better camera,but then it costs more too. Don't get me wrong, the camera is good for the price range under 10 & can compete against competitors like Yurekas and k3 notes but it just doesn't punch out in this category like it does in battery, feel, build, display,smoothness, software, less heating issues etc. Laser focus works mostly , however the end image could have been better with low light support. Selfie camera is good enough & gives good wide panorama Selfies. Not spectacular, but it edges out the competitions due to better software algorithms. 
Software: Zen UI is much better than Vibe UI. The support is fantastic. Any bugs, lags, manufacturer's apps are always having updates regularly and works like a charm on most occasions. Most apps will not let you feel the need of 3rd party apps.It is optimized for the specs on the device to enhance the battery and performance. Fortunately, it's not like other custom UI's which claim to optimise the software but isn't of much use in real life. Although Android upgrades are yet to be seen.ASUS is known to give updates to its devices albeit taking a bit of time. 
Sound: Trust me, most people have bad reviews for sound but it's output is ample. To put into perspective, it had much more volume than Galaxy S5, Canvas 5,Moto G2 etc.It just needs a few tweaks in audio fx manager. Gaming mode amplifies the sound two folds! The acoustics don't snap or break and is clear. It's not boom sound or anything but it's more than enough for a small room.I don't expect a 10k phone to give audio outputs which will be glass shattering. If one needs then pair it with a Bluetooth speaker, like I do. Earphones & headphones output is excellent too. 
Cons : 
The biggest con I can think of is the fact, that this device doesn't have any marketing stand out feature. Yes, all its qualities are good or above average but it just doesn't make a cut which you can claim astonishingly.For e.g. k3 note got famous due to FHD screen,Yureka due to cyanogen and OP1 like above category specs in budget segment etc. 
One can say, it takes time to charge, camera isn't out of the league, Speakers need software support, headsets should have been included etc etc as its con. However these are not any inconveniences. It's just nitpicking(which every smartphone will have in the budget segment).But this device in real life performance is just exponential in terms of pure looks, feel,usage & value for money.One would not miss FHD screen or lack of power under the hood. Camera is more than decent with LAF. Doesn't lag or subdues performance with heating issues. Gives ample audio output with almost all apps running seamlessly. Battery life is good and furthur enhanced by software. Updates are systematic and ASUS is dedicated to it.All its characteristics and specs just Coincide to give the user the most joyful experience. Really a worthy product and VFM. Go for it without hesitation if you need a bigger screen than Moto G3 with a lesser price tag & don't mind using custom UI's.  
 There is one important thing that isnt a good issue to have. The proximity sensor. 
stops working on its own, have to restart to get it working. At times during call, the screen rightly turns off but never lightens up back when the phone is removed from the ear. I have already replaced one piece thinking it was a problem with that piece but I have that issue again with the replaced piece. Now I search online and talk to people owning Asus zenfone 2 and many people talk about this. 
Nice buy if u dont care for this. I certainly care , so 3 stars from me. 
 Does any1 have a heating issue with this mobile?....the mobile is best in this range ..but when am using the camera a lot of heat is generated at the back..near camera..is it becz of laser auto focus? does any1 face the same issue??... 
 Feature wise on paper, the phone seems good. But what really count is User Experience. So I am reviewing it not just by the features but also by including User Experience.
Pros 
1)Battery Backup (4.5/5). The battery is really huge and I was able to use it more than a day and a half without charging. The power saver modes are excellent and helps to conserve power by adjusting performance and disconnecting cellular network according to preferences. 
2) Display. The 5.5 inch display is 720p.The display is good but Its not very sharp and has average PPI. But on brighter side, this saves a lot of GPU processing and thus conserve power. It also has in-build reading mode, which is really excellent. Using kindle app for reading book was a very good experience, and the difference between 720p and 1080p never affected readability. (4/5) 
3) Call quality. Call quality was good. I never felt that I am using a low end device.(4/5) 
4)Speakers and Headphone output : As expected the sound was mediocre but Headphone output was good. (3.5/5) 
5)GPS/Navigations/ Compass and other sensors : all were working fine and were quite responsive and precise. (4.5/5)  
6)Physical Look and usability: 
a)I didn't liked the placement of Volume rocker buttons on backside. That was totally not comfortable and the phone looks awkward because of that.  
b)The power button was on top. Which was again not a great design but it was tolerable. 
c)The capacitive buttons were there but there was no backlit for them. Because of this, using phone in night was a bit difficult. Also In such a big display there is no need for capacitive buttons and could be replaced by software buttons as done in Xperia Series. This could have reduced the size of phone too.  
d)Notification LED is very basic and produces only red and green light.  
e)The customised software is good and lag free. A lot of useful utilities are preinstalled. 
 (2/5) for poor design. (the physical appearance is first impression and this phone fails to set a good first impression) 
7) Camera : Camera is totally useless. Whatever the lighting conditions are, the images are always noisy. On zooming it breaks significantly. The images are never sharp and clear. It would have wiser for manufacturers to work on camera rather to include Laser autofocus feature. But surprisingly the front camera is good and performs better than expected. Images were sharp and clear from front camera. 
 (2/5) Very poor rear camera.  
8) Connectivity: It boasts 3G and 4G. But I tried this phone with BSNL, Reliance and Airtel. It failed to connect to internet over 3G network. I did't tried 4G. But 3G definitely failed. Sometimes when I switched to 3G it went out of network. Many times though it was showing full network strength but It kept my phone out of network. In all cases I was not able to use Internet over 3G network. I don't know it was just me or its with all other phone, but due to this problem I RETURNED THE PHONE TO FLIPKART. 
(1/5) 
Conclusion: If you want a phone that looks good and has good camera this phone is not for you. 
If you don't care about looks and If you need a reading device with a good battery backup and you don't care about connectivity issues over 3G you can go with this phone. 
(The overall rating is minimum rating obtained for each parameter) 
 I am facing the following issues
1)While I call somebody Or get a call from somebody screen automatically goes in sleep mode & after that, to do any further action like to cut the call or to go to menu etc., I need to press Power Button to unlock it's frustrating.
2)While charging After removing the phone from the charger it showing the batter indicator and pop on the middle of the screen as still charging and iam unable to unlock the screen and requires phone restart ,..it's really frustrating.  
 The phone was very good.........flawless performance, 1.5 day battery backup with regular wifi, songs, you tube, games etc.........screen resolution is just simply awesome.......touch is very very nice.........and at last build quality & design of phone is excellent 
A premium budget phone
camera is very appreciative both front n back........laser focus feature is very responsive.
5.5 inch scratch-less screen is very good......light weight .......volume rocker key is at back so little bit uncomfortable.......speaker sound is very clear n loud.
i enjoyed it with my skullcandy n samsung earphone ...very very very very powerful sound output with clear sound n booming bass. 
 Bought it after reading the reviews on flipkart and was really disappointed. Will never buy anything just by going with its reviews.
I have checked the voice call clarity many times and its not working even with airtel sim and all the excuse they got is network issues.
That sim works fine with other phones, but with this one, voice breaks during the call. 
Otherwise other features are working good, camera specification is exaggerated, but its good for 10k and touch and battery till now is working fine. 
If you ignore the basic call feature of a phone, then this phn is 4/5, but in my case I cant ignore it at all. Because, phone is for calling, dat cant be compromised.  
 first of all the service of flipkart is very very bad. 
problem in the phone....
1. the back side sound button is not work after some time .
2. during the call the screen become lock and there are not any method to cut the call from my side even power button is also not working at this time. 
 Probably the best phone under 10k price segment in 2015. I'm using it since 4 months and no issues so far. Good pakaged delivery from flipkart on time. 
Pros:- 
1) Large HD display with better view angles which deliver best experience for browsing, map navigation, gaming, watching movies, reading pdf. I don't prefer full hd display as it puts more load on GPU while gaming & ultimately power consumption is high. 
2) Outstanding battery backup. Upto 2 days on normal usage. My phone doesn't go out of juice while multiplayer gaming with friends. Also keep in mind battery backup depends upon apps management by OS, display, processor, gpu etc.
Power saving modes, Auto-start manager & ram management apps comes pre-installed which improves battery back up. 
3) Camera shoots great pictures, selfies & full HD recording in outdoor or good light condition. 
4) 1.2 GHz clocked Snapdragon 410 processor & 450 MHz clocked Adreno 306 GPU is capable enough to run high end games without heating issues & also battery efficient. I played Asphalt 8 & NFS Most Wanted which were smooth with stunning graphics.
You'll enjoy gaming a lot in Lenevo K3 Note but in ZF2, you'll enjoy gaming for long. 
5) Curve design let you hold the device perfectly in one hand... unless you don't have little hand ;)
The device is meant to use with both hands because of 5.5" large display. 
6) Low SAR value. I'm not afraid of radiations while talking on this phone for long. But still keep in mind, always switch off wireless connectivity before calls. Valid for every phone/phablet on the planet. 
7) Lollipop 5.0.2 with ZenUI as running software/ROM. I liked the ZenUI because ZenUI offers functionality like double tap to wake, gestures which are very useful & also I haven't found any bug yet. 
8) Some apps are really great like Easy mode, One hand mode, Splendid, WebStorage, Clean Master, MiniMovie, Photo Collage, Share Link etc. which comes pre-installed. And the best part is they're uninstallable. 
9) 1GB free RAM is enough for multi tasking & 10 GB usable internal storage is enough for storing many high end games or large applications. Some guys expect full 2 GB RAM & 16 GB internal storage available but that's practically impossible. Also try to understand the running software require some RAM & internal memory. Don't forget external storage is expandable upto 128GB.  
Cons:- 
1) Speaker loudness while listening music or gaming isn't that good.
2) Camera quality in low light is grainy.
3) I can't use phone while charging because USB cable is too small.
4) I would be more happier if Asus branded accessories are EASILY available in market. 
Conclusion:- 
There are few good options available like Lenevo K3 Note, Moto G 3rd Gen, Mi4i etc. Each device has pros & cons. It's time to analyse your requirements & pick the best phone for you. My experience with Asus Zenfone2 Laser is great because it's the only phone available in market which fulfills all my requirements. If you're still confused then just go for it because it's full value for each rupee you spend. I can't expect more from Asus at this price range. 
 After using it for 8 days..
PRONS
1.Nice look
2.Easy to Handle
3.Long Battery backup
4.0% Heating issue (using with wifi/3G/4G)
5.Amazing UI
6.Sharp & clear display.
7.Not Hanging Issue 
According to me no other phone(Other than Asus Brand) upto price 18K..not gave above feature upto that this mark...  
Cons:
Only One.. Camera not good in deem light but also in artificial light.  
 have pre ordered this phone and I must mention that overall order fulfillment and delivery of Flipkart is very good. When I used this phone some departments the phone is very good and in some it's just average or below average.  
1- Phone has got good body... (4/5)
2- Battery backup is very good (4.2/5)
3- 2 GB ram phone is superfast. (4/5)
4-Sound (4/5) (No Stereo speakers but its loud and clear ) 
5 5.5 inch IPS Display with Corning Gorilla Glass 4 feels great (4.2/5)
5- The rear camera quality is not good like 13MP. Front camera is okay 3/5...
6- Processor is good 4/5   
Pros:
Ok display the brightness is not that much great but colors are good and there is bluelight filter which is very good for reading. with kindle app it is as good as kindle with bluelight filter. 
Good battery but takes looong time to charge 
No heating when playing games or while charging 
OK Camera for low light - still the picture is granular 
Camera tools are good and very quick to focus under a scan we can focus and click 
Good build qualitys unlike a6000 plus lenovo it is not flipmsy 
Has proximity and campass and other sensors 
Good sound through headphone (no head phone provided) 
Only speaker is not that great and it is on bottom of the phone behind so for call with speaker it is not that great and sound you can feel that it is away from you. With this type of screen and bazel size i expected the speaker to be on front or atleast two speakers. 
No backlight for home and other buttons but double tap to wakup is there so not a big issue  
 Close ur eyes n go for it awsum phone ......
....
..................................................................................... 
 The phone is getting switched off automatically again and again after 20 to 30 minutes on standby. Have done factory reset as per technical support guidance and still the problem remains. Have not installed even a single application since received and not made a single call. 
Phone also gets switched off when connected to the original supplied charger and have to switch on again. 
Device received is faulty please replace with a new one. 
 Pros:
Super screen clarity, 
Good camera rear and front, Rear volume button comes handy for taking selfies too,
Plays 1920x1080p videos very smoothly,
Good audio clarity while playing songs or movies,
No delay even when many applications are running background,
Superb call quality,
and also very good battery backup. 
Cons:
But sadly, no back lit keys ...... but still good sensitivity.
No headphones provided.   
 I am quite amazed with this product. The device is seamless and out performs most of my basic and even high end requirements - like games. I have heard folks talk about the mediocre camera quality and poor speakers, but trust me guys, the pics are not bad. In fact, I found most of them to be quite good, particularly in outdoor lightning conditions. If you require a camera, buy a camera, not a phone! The speakers anyway do not have the task to provide you with Dolby Digital Surround Sound system, so please do not think that the speakers are bad, they are quite good too, particularly, when I hate troubling others near me. Guys, these "so called" drawbacks are not deal breakers. The phone is actually quite excellent and performs so far better than my old HTC. I will surely recommend this device. If the Asus folks are listenting, then I may have a suggestion - that is to increase your service centers. Where am I gonna run with a broken display - but yea of course I need not worry too much since the phone has a Corning Gorilla 4. Nevertheless, I think Asus must consider increasing their service centers in India. Asus is on a roll. Awesome! I cannot give anything but 5 Stars to this awesome product. Well done Asus. 
 Ordered it on flipkart and got it delivered within a week.
The phone's specifications looks gigantic on paper but once it is out of the box, things starts falling apart.
Now before i point out the lows in this phone, lets start off with the goods it offers you. 
PROS:-
-> Amazing looks. 
 Yes it feels really elegant and high-end.
->Good battery.
 Though the battery is just 3000 mAh , the phone can still last for more than a day provided one uses it smartly by toggling into power saver and super power saver mode while the data is not required . If you do not use Wi-Fi and is dependent on 3G/4G , the phone's battery will drain as quickly as any other phone. Overall it gives an average to okay backup depending on your usage preference. Not a mammoth at all.
->Display.
 The display is awesome as it is crisp and the viewing angles are also good (asus says its 178 deg). Also the touch is very responsive.
-> Removable battery
-> OTG support 
Thats all ... rest of the things in this phone might disappoint you. 
CONS:-
 ->Camera.
 Mine will sometimes launch, sometimes not. I have to reboot the device and even after 4-5 reboots it will not come up. 
 Sometimes only the front camera will launch and the icon for switching the camera will be missing. The error says "Cannot launch the camera. Please reboot the device."
I have even tried factory reset the phone . Cleared cache partition . Booted in safe mode.
None worked, the phones camera will work on its will , otherwise it will just come up the error message. 
 You can google this issue and check that many users are facing this issue and there is literally no support by asus or bug fix through OTA update by them . They run a forum called the zentalk which is even moderated by asus technical team. Still you will find people crying out loud about this issue and yet no response from asus at all.
But thats not the reason why i am putting camera into cons.
The laser autofocus is a hype and not at par with any other AF technology. 
The 13 MP rear cam will give really grainy images with no quality at all. In broad daylight, it gives good images but still if you zoom the image , it is grainy . I would say a moto G (1st gen) 5MP clicks lot better than the asus 13 MP. You will also find people complaining of this. 
Asus suggests that you hold the camera steady. Reboot the device and clear any dirt if present on the lens. I literally laughed for 2 mins after reading that on asus support.
The front 5 MP cam is a charm. It takes really good selfies and has got a great coverage angle. 4.5/5 for it looking into the price of the device. 
->Memory.
 Around 10.5 /16 Gb internal available after first restart.
 You will never be able to free up more than 1 GB ram on this device . The ram will always stay in Mb.
 Both being results of too many rubbish asus bloat wares. 
-> volume rockers and power button .
 You need to get used to volume rockers. Quite flimsy.
 I will never suggest a device with >5' screen to have power key on the top. 
->Sound
 Very weak and below average quality speakers. No in the box earphones. 
Final Verdict :-
The phone is overall a fair deal looking into the price tag of this device. However, the Asus support sucks big time.
If you are planning to buy this device merely considering the 13MP camera and 2GB RAM, Nope they only look good on specifications. 
Asus should have emphasized more on camera quality than to introduce the crappy laser AF .
Also there is a widespread issue with the proximity sensor of this phone. Many poor chaps complaining about the proximity sensor not working properly. The phone screen turns black when you hold it near your ear while on call, but it won't turn on again when you remove it. It makes u feel like you are talking on a landline. Listen and then confirm if the other user is online.
Also the signal strength will be low as compared to other devices. 
Choose wisely.... The phone is made of low quality and cheap sensors and hardware and there is a considerable amount of risk that one of the many crucial functions might fall apart. (Check the zenforum people are crying).
Also i am quite shocked with the QA testing of asus. So many defective phones being launched in market . 
You are lucky if u get a perfect one .... and you will be a lot more luckier if it stays perfect for more than 2 months !!!  
 I was tired searching various phones under 10k. My priorities were: 
1. Low SAR ( Radiation level)
2. Min 16GB Internal memory
3. 5.5" IPS Display
4. Gorilla Glass
5. Android Lolipop
6. A fast and reliable processor.  
Pros :  
1. 5.5 inch hd diplay vibrant and great crisp display with an amazing 72% screen to body ratio that looks amazing. 
2. Amazing battery back up with normal usage the phone can easily run upto 2 days with heavy usage it will go upto 14 hrs easily and with moderate usage it will go upto a day. 
3. A very good13 mp rear & 5 mp sefie camera produces sharp and clear pics with good detailing the best camera within the 10k range and even better than samsung e6,redmi,lenovo. i personally compared the cameras with these phones and then came to the conclusion. 
4. Sound output Is great some were saying its low i chkd it for myself i damn loud with clear sound quality.Headphone output is superb too. 
5. Laser autofocus helps you to clk amazing pics with fast focus.. macro shots come out great with good details. 
6. Gesture features are a great addition helps a lot. 
7. The phone's 1.2 ghz 64 bit coupled with 2 gb ram will get you through anything. Its fast and responsive. 
8. Design and build quality is also good. 
9. Gaming is absolutely amazing casual games run without any issue high end games are running smoothly too games such as gt racing 2,fifa and other high end games ran without any problem tried asphalt 8 in high graphics works without any lag but i wd recommend one to play the game in medium graphics works even better. 
10. Does not heat up much no matter how much multitasking and anything else u through at this device.  
Cons: 
Every phone have some cons no matter how good it is but in this phone the cons are few and are no of much concern to me and i dnt think any1 will have any problems with it. 
1. Takes a long time to charge up almost 2.5 hrs. 
2. The camera quality is great but in night time its not that great but u will get decent quality pics no worries about that. 
Overall this is the best phone in 10k category don't think much i wd recommend it to u all who are thinking of buying this one go get it u won't be disappointed at all and don't listen to the negative comments about this phone i have used it personally and i can assure you its an amazing phone u will fall in love with it from day 1. 
Conclusion: 
A great device to have. Best SAR value. Good camera, becomes the BEST after a simple auto update. Highly recommended. 
 Don't know how many of you will read it and press like or dislike.  
This is an honest review coming from a guy who loves to test the gadgets to the limits. 
I bough this phone during the BBD and I got it at 8300( round figure), which was a steal deal. 
Coming to the phone, its everything mentioned and more.
The people who are complaining about headset not gives, idiots, see the products in the box section, see youtube videos, they already mentioned they won't give it -_- 
After purchasing I didn't update the phone for 2 weeks, even though got 2 updates.
I had only 1 issue then, when I used to call some1, sometimes they were unable to hear me for 5-10 seconds. but after the latest update came, 1.15v and i updated to it, that problem was gone.
The battery is amazing, I mean I had LAVA Iris Fuel 50, its a 5inch, 1Gb phone and used to give around 10hrs of Screen time... this being a 5.5, HD,2GB phone.. gives 8-9hrs.. and with heavy use, can last upto 5-6hrs screen on time, without an issue. 
The Wi-fi doesn't eat battery at all and you can keep it switched on all day, tried and tested. 
The only 3 things which i saw took battery was the inbuilt camera app(due to laser), when you use net via sim card and very very heavy games :P 
The camera, OMG, after the last update, it got even better, the clarity, the quality, the selfies, the videos.. every freaking thing is awesome :)
I wish I could show you how the pictures come out.
The inbuilt apps can be disabled, and some can even be uninstalled. 
Though you get 10 something GB of space, but after you update the apps from playstore( I mean the ASUS apss), it reduces to 8 something GB ,which is nice. 
Coming to the ZEN UI now and oh God, Is this the best UI in the world or what. The mere customizations we can do, the way it manages RAM with never facing a single lag issue. I know it has 2GB but after a week of use without restarting u tend to get around 500MB free(its ok for me, RAM is meant to be used and unless you face lag, its ok ).. :) 
The themes, the different way to set wallpapers, the viewing angles.. the total UI is amazing, from the gallery app to file manager app, asus keeps working on them to make them even more better.
inbuilt app lock is just another awesome feature and the power saving mode also works wonder. 
The obb can be moved to sd card but first it has to be in internal memory and you can move it through settings only. after moving you will see a .android_obb folder in sd card and not the usual place of android->obb.
Last but not the least at all, the games (if are supported by it, yep its not a gaming beast you would like it to be, due to low processor speed), will run so smooth and the device doesn't heat up or just only heats up to around 37, which is normal.
The Circle View flip cover is amazing and though original asus one is costly, u can buy the pudini provided at just around Rs 400 and its even better than the original. 
at the price of 9999(the original) its a steal deal but I got it in 8300 and so for me, i don't even have words. 
First asus device and i just love it :) 
P.S. if i have any issue or any problems i will update :) 
 I've recieved this mobile 2 days back....1 day ahead of sheduled date of delivery(kudos to Flipkart!!)  
and now coming to the phone....It is just awesome..It offers you everything that you expect from a smartphone.It delivers you a smooth experience,no heating issues whatsoever and never lags at all.The battery is just mind blowing,it gives you an battery back up of 2 days which is just unbelievable from a smartphone of this size.Asus engineers have done a great job in optimising this phone well.  
Infact,it is much better than the moto g3,mi 4i,lenovo k3 note,samsung j7  
moto g3-- costs 3k bucks higher than the zenfone 2 laser,smaller 5 inch display,stock android experience,customization is not possible,lesser battery life and poor camera performance compared to zenfone 2 laser.  
mi4i-- costs 3k higher,but expandable memory card slot is not available which is a very big con  
lenovo k3 note-- costs same as zenfone2 laser but has major heating issues in it because of the snapdragon 615 chipset which is not suitable for indian conditions.  
samsung j7-- costs 5k higher than zenfone 2 laser,misses out a lot of important sensors like the auto brightness sensor,compass sensor,gyroscope.  
Initially,I was totally confused about which one to select from the above 5 phones.But then,i have seen a lot of review videos and finally came to the conclusion that Asus zenfone 2 laser is the Best of all....  
Though the phone costs 10k,it costs a lot more than 10k.Ultimately,it is an awesome value for money package...Guys..dont keep any second thoughts...blindly go for it.  
ASUS...why did u price it so less,u should have priced it 2k higher....you are missing out lot of profits... :p 
 Hi guys i m going to write a complete review for those people who r really confused to buy mobile
I m using this phone from last 2 days
Now come to the device..first we take the pros-
1.awesome design and display..though they r giving only 267 ppi but it looks like 400 PPI display..
2.amazing battery life lasts long a full 24 hours for moderate to heavy usage.
3.connectivity-i think ASUS doing mindblowing job here..where other smartphones fail..we can get strong network as compared to other devices
4.touch-it has feathery touch..u can't get better touch than this 
5.all sensors are working superb..and those whowere complaining about sensors are totally wrong..i think they got defective product
6.camera-the camera provided is good but not best..but what can we expect in low budget..but there all lot of modes on camere with which we can take nice photos..but selfie camera is best one
Now lets move to the cons.
Cons-1.the volume rocker are placed at back side makes it slightly uncomfortable..
That's all i dont find any othes cons on this device
I can definitely say that this phone is better than Lenovo k3 note,moto g3,yu yureka,and mi4i..
Finally my advice is close ur eyes and go for it
...
Thank you ASUS and flipkart 
 Firstly I want to mention is that if anyone is looking for his/her first smartphone under 10k this is the one they should go for. I have been using it for almost a month now and believe me or not this phone has really got me mesmerized.
Pros----
1. Sleek and "sexy" design.The first thing that catches one's eye is the beautiful design of the phone.
2. Appropriate Weight.
3.Superb UI. The ZenUI is a real beauty.
4. Battery back-up. With 3000mAh battery in its arsenal it will stay with you with under normal usage for 2-2.5 days. (normal use- connected to WiFi for 18+ hours,listening to music,on the network for 18+hours and few hours of photography).
5. Camera. both 13mp back and the 5mp front will give all photo enthusiast the right ammo for some good shots.
6. Gaming experience also exquisite. Modern Combat 5 runs with ease. 
Cons--
1. Camera. Outdoor photography might not live up to expectation. but again you can't be getting every thing for 10k.
2. Proximity. There's a few problem with its proximity if you use a tempered glass protector, as your screen won't be going black and coming back on when on calls and off them respectively. Without the protector it works fine coz the protector's top edge goes through the proximity sensor which hampers with its functioning. 
And at last but not least thanks to flipkart for delivering my first smartphone before the expected delivery date. 
 Come strait to pros and cons:
1. Supposedly only Zenfone with Snapdragon Processor.
2. Works very smoothly with 2 gb ram.
3. Battery life excellent with the use of UI.
4. Excellent motion gesture.
5. Auto start manger is excellent in managing background apps.
6.Design and build quality is also good.
7.No heating issue I ever experienced.
8.Touch is smooth and responsive.
9.Great UI , unlimited customization.
10.Better Sar value than market competitors.
..........
Cons :
1. Camera not good in deem light but also in artificial light.But day light picture is ok.
2. Speaker output is weak but manageable.
3. No back light for home and other buttons.
4.Preinstalled apps are more and all are not needed at all.
5. I can not sent text message through secondary SIM.
Conclusions:
Must buy and a value for money gadget.   
 Best and better other phones...its for anyone's satisfaction..
1. Killer look (5/5) 
2. Excellent Performance. (5/5)
3. Very good touch. (5/5)
4. User Interface. (5/5)
5. Voice Clarity. (4.8/5)
6. Camera (4/5)
7. Battery..no doubt its best (5.5)
8. No heat up problem.
9. No lag,battery last 1.5 to 2 days..
on playing games continuously it last 14-15 hr.
10. Asus own's app are very good...
If you will go with these feature design for other brands...
they will cost you Rs 16000 to 20000.
best phone in 10K 
 1) Shutterbugs love the said "Under performing 13MP camera" because they know how to use the manual settings.My opinion is its a decent camera for the price.(I believe its the same camera in rs20,000 costing asus zenphone 2).
2)The sound is decent not average,Ringing volume is high enough,You have tweak the sound using the sound wizard app and most your worries is solved
3)LED notification is working and has been helpful in some ways
4)Its display and touch is the best even comparing to the costly ones and the PPI is high enough not to complain,I bet you wouldn't note its a 720p panel if you didn't knew the specs.(If I am wrong then you've got some good eyes or have used a flagship device for so long)
5)Some Bloat-wares can be uninstalled and others can be disabled
6)Better phone than any other phone costing rs17,000 and below 
PROS
1)The best built quality for phone under rs15,000.It matches the quality of any phone costing rs20000 better than the old 2013 era flagships phones
2)Amazing battery life,will last for 24hrs for a decent usage
3)No Over heating,even when used as a hotspot for 3 hours straight
4)Decent performance chipset,plenty RAM available for free
5)Decent gaming device,Not a heavy gaming one,Don't think about playing heavy AAA titles that can be handled only by flagship phones
6)Good selfie camera
7)Budget device
8)Good calling quality 
This budget Phone is an expression for better quality than quantity, at a very high value to money ratio, that I haven't seen since the era of grand daddy of mobiles, who sold their company to someone who literally killed them.(It would had become ,by now, the highest turnover company if they did what others said to do) 
For the first time I didn't had to wait for registration or other meaningless ways to buy the best "bang for the buck" phone which treats you as if you were buying their phone at their mercy and the device you bought turning to be a waste product of soap box quality plastic that over heats or dies off immediately,But not this device !!!!!!!!! 
 pros: 1. good configuration
2. camera quality is 6/10
3. removable battery .. good battery backup
4. gorilla glass protection
5. Better Sar value than market competitors 
cons : 1. Bit heavy
 2. Apps can't be moved to SD card .. it is showing the option , but still the option is not working
3. A lot of Bloat ware  
 This phone is the best premium budget phone within 10k. I've been using this phone for 2 days from now,So here are my like and dislike about this phone.
What i Like:
1. 5.5 inch screen although its not a FHD but the display resolution is good.
2. Battery backup is decent it will last upto 24 hours for an average usage.
3. ZenUI is the best UI which is user friendly and easy to operate.
4. Camera is decent although is not what i've expect from a 13 Mp with pixelmaster but it capture good photo in the daylight, there is alot of features & option in the camera like panorama shoot, low light, manual, etc. & Laser is working fine.
5. It came with the Latest Gorilla Glass 4,which is the strongest Glass.
6. Dual Sim which both support 4G. 
What i dont Like:
1. 1.2 quad core which is little disappoint for multi tasking but till now i dont find any lag.
2. charging its taking too long. 
But overall Asus Zenfone 2 Laser is the best phone in the sub 10k budget, its better than other phone in this price range like Xiomi Note 4G, Yu Yureka Plus, Lenovo K3 Note & Moto G. 
 this is the best phone at10k budget....i use this before3 days..it works really well...i love to listen music in this phone...camera is vry good than moto g3.touching is very senser,,,it is batry is best..the phone is not heating when playing game above 1.5GB. NOVA3 ....best phone...if some want to buy a phone in this range...then he/she must go for laser... 
 ASUS was delivered well by flipkart on time but the proximity sensors fail big time on this phone. Even the SMMI tests were done and lots of resets were done. When a call is being answered, screen blacks out and this is irritating to find out whether the call is disconnected or the caller is still alive. Please do not buy this phone and you will especially find the basic feature lacking. 
 Asus Zenfone 2 Laser ZE550KL
I pre booked this phone on 4th sept ..advance paid 
It was mentioned by the seller that tentative release of this phone is 16th sep and delivery will be done by 21st or 23rd but the best part is that i got this sexy zenfone on 15th sept. 
1- Phone looks sexy - black colour
curved ,sleek,handy,cool big,
2- Touch is fab..no lagg
3- camera is descent ..front selfe camera is amazingly good with auto beauty correction features.
best part is ..you dont have to put the power key everytime to wake up your phone.
just tap on screen ..it will open his eyes and tap again will close lol=)) 
4- android lollipop is amazing with cool themes
gesture controls are amazing
5-Excellent battery life- seriously you will love this. stays alert for 2 days once charged full
6-Gaming performance is good..asphalt 8 runs smoothly
6-Speaker output is lil weak as compared to other phones in similar price.
 You need to adjust the bass,treble and volume to make it little louder.
but it is very much okay..i dont want an amplifier in my hand 
If you add these two things in the box you will be able to create an additional smile on buyers face
- NO Earphones 
- No temporary screen guard   
 have a samsung galaxy y then i decided to buy this phone after hours of hours watching reviews reading articles and comparing this phone with other phone with this proce segment
I have to say when i recived this phone i am pretty excited 
Packaging is good but there is no earphone there
The headset looks premium and doesnt feel cheap
Ui is very good with lots of customization but there are sommuch bloatware but this can be coverd by disabling this apps and some them can be unistallable.
Camera is not that upto mark but there are many settings to overcome this cone.
Front camera is excellent.
Design is superb,not orthodox design.
snapdragona and 2GB ram with this phone?
Phone perfoms very smooth and well.
All apps are very useful.
Flash is very bright.
Backpanel is very nice and gives nice grip.
Slighe heat but doesnot overheat
This is dual 4G enabled sim phone and memory can be expanded upto 128gb this is very great.
The battery backup is very excellent and charging speed is also good.
If u gonna buy a new phone ,there is a very good choice.   
 Got the device delivered yesterday and found that proximity sensor is not working correctly after call is connected.
Display turns black through out the call and was not able to access any call online options through screen. 
Assistance Needed. 
 Its better than lenovo k3 note & all other smartphones under 10000.
I was confused b/w asus zenfone 2 laser & lenovo k3 note. But finally decided to get zenfone 2 laser. Now I am very happy with this product & thanx to flipkart for faster delivery even before estimated date.. 
Pros. 
Superb battery backup
No heating issue
Excellent Camera with lot of modes & laser auto focus
Otg support
Corning Gorilla Glass 4
It looks good with larger 5.5 display.
nice call quality
smooth operation due to zenui & 2 GB of ram. 
cons. 
There is no any major cons in this phone.
Yes the speaker output is a little bit low but it can be improved... 
Overall it's a Perfect Smartphone under 10000.Just go for it..  
 BUY FROM FLIPKART FIRST TIME .  
THEY DELIVER MOBILE BEFORE THEY COMMITTED DATE.  
I BUY ASUS ZENFONE 2 LASER ZE550KL AFTER VIEW MANY REVIEW VIDEOS  
ON YOUTUBE . 
GOOD THINGS OF MOBILE : 
GOOD PRICING , GREAT MOBILE BODY & FEATURES , ASUS UI & OTHER  
CUSTOMIZE APPLICATION . 
I HAD ALREADY USE SAMSUNG 3 PHONES AROUND 20000/- BUT THIS PHONE 
DELIVERED GREAT IN LESSER PRICE. 
SCREEN CLARITY TOTALLY BIT SAMSUNG , CAMERA OF PHONE TO GOOD .  
MANY MORE USEFUL CUSTOMIZE APPLICATION PRE - INSTALL  
BED THINGS : 
NO EARPHONE WITH BOX , VOLUME NOT MUCH LOUDER .  
NO MOBILE ACCESSORIES AVAILABLE IN MARKET AS WELL AS ONLINE .  
THIS REVIEW AFTER USING THIS MOBILE 1 DAY .  
I THING BUY THIS MOBILE - VALUE FOR MONEY .   
 So far what i found.
Flipkart - As always delight to shop here. 
Product
Pros.
1. Camera is good both front and back. Its much better than my Honor 6 ( 20K phone)
2. Rear camera is doing good job in low light..i will say better than Lenevo K3 (10K phone)
3. Speaker sound is not that high like a loud micromax phone but no disappointment, since it a phone and not a loud speaker. You can buy those small speaker and use it with the phone.
4. Screen brightness is too good. 
Cons.
1. No ear phone in the box or any extra accessories than charger.  
 I'm using this asus zenfone laser ze550kl about 2-3 months and it is working well ..asus launched a best phone in 10k price .friends i want to discuss about pro and cons..
pros:-1 )camera is good, and video recording is excellent
2) playing real racing 3 v4.1.6 game is good no heating
3) total ram is 1.8gb
4) after occupying ram usage you will get atleast free 1.2GB ram
5) dualcore snapdragon 415 processor 1.2ghz
6) gpu adreno 405 for gamings
7) removable battery li-polymer 3000mhz
8) two mirco sim slots bot 4g enable
9) dedicated sc card slot upto 128GB
Cons:-1) lots of 43 asus applications preinstalled in os , 4 or 5 you can uninstall fully
2) atleast 6 third party applications are loadeded , all youcan uninstall fully
3) no headphone in box
4) no fast charging
5) full charging it takes 200 minutes for 100%
6) no nfc support
7) no fingerprint sensor
8) internal 16gb rome
Thanks friends hope u like this review... 
 Mobile games is not hang 
Mobile is very smooth
display is very good 
Mobile is very good but earphones is not given 
 Unlike old times the Flipkart delivery was delayed by 5 days. But when I got the phone, I was at peace. ZenUI is the best interface, which is so easy to use. So many features to make your life easier than ever.  
I am writing this review after 4 months of use; after a couple of accidental drops, a quick dip in a bucket of water by my kiddo. Asus 550 survived it all. 
Pros:
1. Sleek, well built and attractive look. Got a lot of fans around the phone.
2. The best user interface.
3. Excellent battery Back up. Even with regular usage my phone can survive for more than 50 hours in one charge. Believe it or not.
4. The best camera with Laser focussing technology. If you are a DSL fan there is a lot to fiddle around. Selfies comes out nicely.
5. Super fast processing, great storage (extendable upto 128 GB what more we need).
6. A lot flexible and many options of display, icons etc.
7. Ultra Data saving is super cool and this is the first time I feel I am in control of background data robbery.
8. A great bet for 10K. Feel worth much more.
9. The most energy conscious cell phone I have seen. I sleeps on time and wake up quickly with a double tap on screen.
10. Great Safety. For the kids as it has very less SAR Value. There is an inbuilt app locker for those who cares privacy. 
Cons:
1. Occasionally the video gets scrambled in the beginning. 
Some reviews say the phone has a lot of bloat wares. Who cares; use a good remover and stash them off. 
Seen a few reviews saying the phone screen is blank when calls are made. This happened to me after I put a screen guard. There is a sensor at the left of ASUS logo, which should be kept open. My technician figured it out and now no issues. And by the way, I later removed the screen guard. Why you want it when you have Gorilla 4. 
 I have been using this phone for last 3 months and in my experience and feedback is follows:
Pros:
1. Phone is good for the price (Rs.10k) 
2. Good Signal reception - using 2 Sim cards includes 4g and Signal reception is quite good. 
3. Voice clarity is fine
4. Camera - good only in day light (very poor in night/low light)
5. Received regular software updates 
6. Display quality - average but it is Ok 
Cons:
1. Even though ASUS claiming it is having Gorilla Glass, but just a 2 feet drop have broken the Glass. In my earlier phones like Gionee, it got a far better build up quality
2. Too many bloat ware and ASUS keep release updates for same. It is useless for Customers, wasting money by incurring unnecessary Data usage and memory occupied
3. Camera Quality is Very poor in night/low light scenarios 
Overall this phone is OK for Budget if you ignore some of the cons.  
 THIS ASUS ZENFONE 2 LASER CAMERA IS CRAP. A BASIC VGA CAMERA FITTED WITH AUTOFOCUS MOTOR AND LASER. THERE IS NO R&D IN THE SENSOR. THIS IS WORST CAMERA EVER I HAVE SEEN IN ANY SMARTPHONE. PLEASE DO NOT BUY IT FOR CAMERA. THE MAKER OF THE CAMERA DIDNOT STRIVE HARD TO MAKE IT A BETTER PRODUCT. THEY JUST RELEASED IT INTO OPEN MARKET AND ASKING FOR BETA FEEDBACK LIKE "REPORT PIXELMASTER" AND "ENCOURAGE US". SONY IMX SERIES SENSOR IS A LOT BETTER THAN THIS TOSHIBA CRAP. I BOUGHT THIS FONE ONLY FOR ITS CAMERA AND ALL I GOT IS DISAPPOINTMENT. THERES NOTHING WRONG WITH SCREEN, AUDIO, SOFTWARE ISSUES OR LAG. OVER ALL IF YOU THINK THIS PIXEL MASTER WITH LASER AUTO FOCUS IS THE EASTER BUNNY, THEN MY BROTHER YOU ARE GOING TO REGRET IT. BECAUSE THERES NO EASTER BUNNY IN REAL. 
 I placed the order on 31st Dec, 2015 and with Flipkart's one-day delivery guarantee, it was delivered on 2nd Jan,2016 (1st Jan was a public holiday, but never mind!).
Thanks to Flipkart for doing what it said. 
Having used a Lumia phone for over 2.5 years, I found the transition to Android easy with the Asus Zenphone Laser 2 ZE550KL. The ZenUI is brilliant and the features just amazing! 
The hardware is good.. and the design is top-class!
I give it 4 stars because I haven't used the phone long enough to find any flaws in it and want to be real honest.
However, I must say, it's a great deal at this price!  
 I already have Asus Zenfone 2 ZE551ML(Silver, With 4 GB RAM, With 2.3 GHz Processor, With 32 GB).. I ordered this to use as second phone.. i was in little worried due to having already a high configuration phone of Asus.. But i shocked when i saw it's features and speed.. amazing experience.. totally worthful.. I am a die hard fan of Asus.. and Asus has proved it once again that Asus is the best.. Same features like my other Asus Phone.. 
Thanks Asus.. 
 I am writing this review after my 1 week of usage.Gt this phone for Rs 8999 during big billion days(23rd Dec).This phone has all features of a top end smart phone.Before this,i've used iPhone 4s.But this phone(Asus Zenfone2laser ZE550KL) has too many features.I heard many negative reviews about it's speaker volume.Bt It is louder.It is is too louder than iPhone 4S's Speaker.It has an awesome cameras,good display,premium look,smooth touch,android 5(will be upgradable to android6),superb UI(Zen UI),too many useful preinstalled apps.Double tap to wakeup is another useful feature.Less SAR value.For me,battery is lasting for 1.5 days.But it will surely last for 2 days for normal use.i didn't found any cons.It doesn't have earphones though.You will not get any other smart phone better than this in 10000 price range.Great product from asus. 
 It has all the good features of a high end phone for a very good price. I bought as an upgrade to my Zenfone 5 and it really meets all my expectations. Though the spec is 5.5 inch screen, I found it like 5 inch but otherwise it offers lot of features that any high end phone offers 
 its simply superb awsome at this price range we wont get this kind of featured mobile .....this is my first reveiw in my history ...i used lot of branded mobiles like j7, sony z1,mto g3 and xplay ...all above mobiles are wrost wit compare to zenfone2 laser .....but camera requries some updates to solve the low light picture quality ....remaining all simply superb ...blindly go gor asus zenfone 2laser 550kl black colour 
 I have purchased this phone in Big app shoping days and i got this in 9000
But if you buy it in another days you will get it in 10000
Considering that price also this device performs well
I divide my review into pros and cons
Pros:-
(1)-excellent battery life. 9/10
(2)-awsm processing 8.5/10
(3)-No heating issues at all 
(4)camera performance is best in daylight 
(5)Build quality is just awsm looks like a 20k phone 
Cons
(1)-lots of preinstalled apps
(2)camera in low lighting is below average 
Suggestion 
If you are looking for a budget phone and loves to play games, browsing and camera in low light is not your priority than this phone is made for you 
 Got The product of Rs 8999/- ordered on 23/12/15 The Product is just asom.
Very Worried About The product Because I always use and prefer to use mi Products bt after getting it i loved it ..
Before buying seen many negative comments.. i dont know why?? ..thats very fearing to buy a mobile bt i will always prefer u to buy asus ....
Very good Phone u will Love it 
 Its price fell down by Rs 1000 within two days of my purchase. But I did not feel embarrased. This phone is ultimately fast, camera and its functions are hard to find in any other phone.
You can Buy it without any second thought. 
 Without any hesitation order this product . Good camera quality,even in low light,good battery back up,no heating issue till now.,no hanging,smart display, 
 Good features, fast 4G LTE processor and 2 GB RAM give smooth performance. Screen looks great with corning gorilla protection. Android is lollipo 5.1 out of the box and I believe it can be updated to marshmallow. Overall a good buy and recommended for all. 
 This is the best phone I have ever used. 
- Camera is excellent
- Display is awesome
- Speaker is very good
- Touch is very smooth and too sensitive
- Battery backup is too good. Easily last for one and half days with medium usage.
- Corning Gorilla Glass is added advantage
- Ho heating effect even after 3-4 hours of continuous usage. 
This phone is far better than Samsung galaxy grand/S3, S4 and many higher range phone of Sony and HTC phone. 
 I have ordered this phone on 21st dec for 8999 and got it on 24th dec. good packing and delivery from flipkart. and it's time to tell something about this phone "ITS JUST AWESOME".
according to me 
LOOKS- 5/5.
PROCESSING SPEED-4/5.
BATTERY BACKUP- 5/5.
CAMERA -4/5( not so good in low light).
TOUCH- 5/5.
CLARITY-5/5.
PERFORMANCE-5/5.
Over all good phone but every phone has some defects.for this phone it takes 3.15 hour to charge from 10% to 100% but its not an issue because which gives a good battery backup about 1.5 day after heavy usage.and other thing i found with proximity senor if you get a call or if u do a call to anyone the phone automatically go to sleep mode after receiving or dialing because the proximity sensor expects no obstacles to be placed 
in front within a range of 6 cms. so this issue can be solved by using good front screen protector (/*remember the screen guard should not cover sensor if it cover means the phone will go to sleep mode while dialing or receiving call within 6 cms distance between phone and obstacle(hand ,ear etc)*/) .Expect this the phone is superb with lot of features
and ''VALUE FOR A MONEY''. if you are looking a smartphone within 10k just go for it..   
 I bought this phone one month back. I am a software engineer and i use this phone for office emails (with 3G on for 24 hours a day) and phone calls and off-course for social media and apps for navigations etc..i am not much into games.. I did some research and then finally decided to buy this one as it was having almost all the features that i was looking into a decent phone - good processor (it has snapdragon quadcore - which is good for my purpose), 2 GB RAM - no lags in any applications, corning gorilla glass (scratch proof), 3000 mAH batter ( too good - with all my above usage it last for 2 full days !!) 16 GB memory ( i also purchased the 32 GB microsd card for Rs 500) and 5.5 inch screen (good for browsing and emails)
After one month of full usage i can confidently say that i am very happy with this purchase and would recommend this phone to all.. ( i have used iphone 3g and Google nexus 4 in the past) ..
Only thing i did not like about this phone was the number of ASUS app that comes bundled with the phone.. Other than that it is the best phone for Rs 9999.. 
 Thanks to Flipkart for quick home delivery (2rd Day). This is my review after 10 day usage.
 It is powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 chipset, along with 2GB of RAM and a 3000mAh battery which should last you through a regular days usage without
any hassle. Battery life is approx. 8 hrs with moderate use.  
 This version of the Zenfone 2 Laser will not get you power-packed performance, and nor should you expect any from it. It packs in 16GB of internal storage, which has become the standard inbuilt memory among most smartphones these days. The 5.5-inch, display PPI 267, 720x1280px HD IPS display is large, at best.  
 Colours are not great, not even near to the best in its class. Visibility under direct sunlight is decent, and so are the viewing angles. However, what makes it so average is its colours (or lack, thereof), thereby making the videos appear not-so-sharp.
Calling did not face any issues, although extensive browsing faced jitters. 
 Audio quality, predictably, was nothing to mention. Although the volume level
was decently high, the jarred quality does not make this the ideal phone to play song out
loud at any point of time. The only major aspect which attract the Asus Zenfone 2 Laser is... 
 Its laser-assisted autofocus mechanism in the 13-megapixel rear camera. Images captured with the Zenfone 2 Laser have good clarity, the shutter is lag-free thanks to a light camera app, and focusing is really fast and smooth.  
 The laser-assisted focusing aids while shooting moving objects - enabling swift
focus tracking and fast adjustment of focal depth. 
 The Asus Zenfone 2 Laser may not be the best phone in terms of overall performance (certainly not prolonged gaming) and display clarity, but the camera unit is one of the best within sub-10k smartsmartphones, and hence gives it a strong point of contention in the crowd of smartphones within its segment. 
 Dear Sir/Madam, 
I Have suggested to my mobile asus zenfone 2 laser ZE550KL is not working SIM 2 Slot. first mobile hand set to flipkart purchase but I have complaint to flipkart customer company has replace second hand set but same problem created SIM 2 slot is not working please suggest I have waiting for positive reply I have tired for working time mobile not work. 
 As per 13 megapixel and 5 megapixels camera not good. When I capture a photo and check that photo in my phone and click to zoom but pixels are blur (not good in zooming quality). 
 I upgraded from my samsung s3 to this phone.. 
Now,First let me tell what i liked 
1)Aesthetics,look and feel are just great
2)Os and UI interface are quite vibrant,feels much better than my earlier samsung
3)Touch is very responsive
4) I didn't find any lags, rather it is quite fast
5)Camera is pretty decent,especially the front camera.Although i did find some noise in images.
6) Battery life is excellent
7)Mic,speaker(voice),Signal strength are good 
I did'nt like
1)Video playback is poor.Understandable due to poor pixel density
2)Video recording is substandard 
Overall if someone is looking for a good budget phone with above positive features,then this is a must buy.  
 i am not gonna write any pros and cons on this review
because you cant expect much than this from the any brand.(excluding meizu).
no con at this price.
even android m update on the way 
so please close your eyes and buy it . 
100% guaranteed better than moto g3, Lenovo k3 note,moto g2, mi4i 
 I bought Asus Laser for 9,999/- from flipkart.
Summary: Beautiful looking and fantastic performance with high configuration 
Cons:
1. SAR Value is very low compared with other branded phones. 
"At the Head  0.361 W/Kg, At the Body - 0.313 W/Kg" 
Extremely good for health to prevent electronic radiation 
2. If you don't care much about Camera (Still camera quality is good) For Internet and Gaming usage this fantastic phone.  
3. STORAGE 16 GB and 2 GB RAM Memory Which branded phone is providing now a days? ASUS is good Brand.  
4. Touch performance is smooth and fabulous.  
5. Big screen gives you so much benefit of enjoying Games , Movies etc. 
6. Volume quality is superb. While playing music and videos volume is superb.  
7. Last but not the least : PHONE IS NOT HEATING AT ALL after playing Candy Crush / Subway Surfer for long time. Great work done ASUS in this area. !!!! 
Cons: Absolutely nothing overall. 
1. When you use speaker phone (ONLY FOR CALLS) Volume is low. (Samsung Galaxy Grand 2 has a better speaker phone volume when used for CALLS. 
Overall this is a fantastic phone. Whoever is looking for Good, Easy to use, Radiation free, handy and good performance phone then this is the right choice for you "Asus Zenfone 2 Laser ZE550KL" GO FOR IT  
Lastly Thanks to Flipkart for excellent service. I ordered in midnight and got delivery before 12 noon morning. (Though I paid shipment charges, Thanks for quick service flipkart)   
 Up-to to my expectation. Camera, display, sound, performance all up-to my expectation. Battery could have been better. But that's not a problem. The battery goes at least 2 days, mobile data being on 24*7. Comfortable to hold and use. All other features were impressive. Totally head over heels with this Asus product.
Go for it!!!
Suggested a couple of my friends and cousins. All of them are heading here! :D 
 I am an actual user, not a professional reviewer. Using this phone since last 10-12 days and am very much satisfied with it. Flipkart delivery awesome as always. 
I have used its Zenfone 5 model earlier which was good in other departments except poor battery and heat up issue while gaming and charging. But after reading reviews on good battery life, I bought Zenfone 2 Laser. 
Glad to share that my decision was right as with regular whatsapp/facebook/calls/sms use and normal gaming, my phone's battery is lasting to almost 24 hours which is very very good with comparison to other competitors mobiles. 
Go for it. 
 REVIEW AFTER 10 DAYS:- 
PROS:- 
1.Battery is the Best. I got 2 days backup in normal use and 1 to 1.5 days in heavy use
2.Display is very nice and color reproduction is also very good. Looks nice from any angle
3.No heating issue.
4.Sound is above average and crystal clear
5.Zen UI is best in customization
6.No Lag... Smooth performance
7.Build quality is good. The curved shape helps for holding in hand.
8.Camera is good not the best. Flash is powerful
9.Touch is Suprerbbbbb........buttery smooth touch
10.Call quality is awesome.
11.LED notification works well.
12.Inbuilt battery saver, auto start manager. ram cleaner, double tap to wake helps a lot and many other inbuilt features are there.
13.Gorilla glass 4 is great
14.OTG support 
CONS:- 
1.No earphones in the box
2.Charging takes upto 2.5 to 3hrs to full
3.Camera could have been better but that can be solved by OTA updates.  
UPDATING AFTER 15-16 DAYS 
I GOT TWO UPDATES AND AFTER UPDATE MY RINGTONE VOLUME GONE TOO LOW AND BATTERY IS DRAINING FAST. DONT UNDERSTAND WHAT TYPE OF UPDATE IS ASUS GIVING. ANYONE GOT THIS PROBLEM? PLS SHARE.... 
 i have used this phone from past 20 days ...
Battery is superb...display is very good....till today no hang issue.
i have a mi4i before this but it hangs...
some people said its camera is not upto the mark...i think they want Rs 60000 camera in this phone.Guys camera is excellent. 
lastly i said it is awesome !!!!!  
 everything is fine except wifi .... it is not supporting 5ghz and they have not mention this fact in anywhere ........
this is bad...... bcz if u are working on a wifi company or other field 2.4ghz have not enough bandwidth bcz of traffic ....... so u cant use wifi in thiscase. 
 Yesterday Got 3 Piece Of This Device For Friends And Now Waiting For Stock To Order Another One.. I Don't Even Write Any Review On Any Product Which I Bought But Device's Awesomeness Force Me To Write A Review :P
Just Got For It !!! 
 Just One word Awesome!!!  
This review is only about the truth & I am posting this after continuous 5 days usage:
PROS: 
720P Display (~267 ppi pixel density) IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen
Corning Gorilla Glass 4
16 GB, 2 GB RAM 
microSD, up to 128 GB
Camera Primary 13 MP with Laser autofocus dual-LED (dual tone) flash, Secondary 5 MP
Android OS, v5.0.2 Lollipop
Battery Li-Po 3000 mAh battery removable
Sensors,, Accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass 
Bluetooth v4.0
USB Otg support 
Cons : Didn't found any at this price point 
Trust Asus it has made this device Best 
I have used high end phones from known brands but none of them never made
any phone like this at this price point  
An advice don't cover the proximity sensor area with tempered glass or screen guard 
because then it doesn't work well,, other then that 
Just go for it  
 the best phone in 10k 
only one thing missing is headphone 
UI is great 
screen quality is great ,very smooth
battery backup really appreciable 
 After using this mobile for 25days i realise that this is the best phone.
no hang no heat. I have updated 2 time [ota update]. Smooth performance. Battery backup is very good, screen quality, touch response, 2g3g4g connectivity, gaming, all seems very good, I haven't found any issue. 
Camera is good but in future update it may get more improved. But as compared to moto and lenovo its good camera and larger works well.
i hav applied glass screen gard of asus zenfone 2 [purchased from local market] perfectly fits the screen and no issue of proximity sensor. Those who hv this phone can do the same.
overall m satisfied from asus 5 star rates
close ur eye and buy it.   
 simple review 
1) what an UI... Excellent you will fall in love with Zen ui immediately after switching on your mobile 
2)I do not expect dslr range for 10000 so camera is not an issue for me. But i bet guys It is good..  
3) what a sleek design. Very easy to hold and nice grip 
4) No lag at all.. 
5) guys this one is incredible from asus this time.. Charging is incredible I just used it very heavily ( very very heavily) and it lasts for 6 hrs... ( mind blowing battery backup) 
i am a moderate user and this will be easily from 8-16 hrs usually 
6)THE ONLY THING I DONT LIKE IS THE SOUND FROM THIS DEVICE IS VERY LOW>>>>>I AM MISSING MANY CALLS..... ASUS ARE YOU LISTENING... IF YOU OVERCOME THIS YOU WILL ROCK THE MARKET... 
 I found this fone really good. Touch and brightness are excellent. I found some bad reviews about camera but for me the camera quality is really good. I clicked some images at night using low light mode and it was excellent. Build quality seems good. Speaker output is ok. Would have been great if ASUS provided earphones with this.
Overall a great fone at this price. 
 This phone come up with loads of features. Screen size ,display and build quality amazing. Camera in outdoor condition is excellent. But little bit noisy in indoor lights, please help if any one came across this issue with solutions?  
 I have been using this phone for two days now . The phone feels good in the hand and the performance is great. Faced no heating issues as of now . I will recommend this product to everybody. The battery backup is pretty good. Lasts for one and a half days of moderate to heavy use(using WiFi) . Camera is pretty good. The Sound can be enhanced by using an inbuilt app. 
Touch Sensitivity is pretty good too. 
 Pls note that I am returning this phone due to hanging issues along with poor network detection 
I preordered this product on the 19th of August, it was expected to be launched and delivered by the 23rd of september. I dont know how, but it came on the 30th of August. Kudos to flipkart for the excellent service. 
Now to the review. 
I got the Asus zenfone 2 ZE550ML 16gb with 2 gigs of RAM but it was returned due to severe heating issues. 
This one, however is fab n a piece of marvel for budget phone users. 
PROS- 
1. The first and the foremost, this phone has Gorilla Glass 4. I dont think it will ever break
2. The back volume rocker- Some people think it is a disadvantage. For me, it made my life easier. reaching for the rocker at the sides of a large phone is way to tough. Also it allows you to click selfies which would hav been tough if we had to reach to the screen to click it.
3. Concentric circles at the bottom.Nice texture
4. Clear pics in enclosed area.
5. 3000maH battery... This phone doesnt run out of juice easily 
CONS- 
1. No front video recording feature. Asus needs to launch a firmware update for that ASAP.
2. Grainy photos at long distances. Laser focus doesnt help here.
3. very low PPI @ 267. Ok for mediocre users but serious issue for hardcore users
4. Qualcomm snapdragon 410. Where r u Asus? Theres 615 around in Yureka plus!
5. No earplugs included.(Even though i hav my skullcandy headphones :P) 
This phone has it competitors in Yureka Plus and the K3 note in its price range. 
Thats it for now folks. Gonna update this soon.!!! 
 I bought this phone only in October but I have had it all in 6 months. Initially the phone had a sound trouble during the replacement phase itself so it was replaced with another handset. Soon after, one sim slot got nonfunctional.....I ignored it as I was okay with a single sim.... But God..now the second slot has also started to create a problem. I would never recommend this phone to anyone..... although I am using Asus as a brand for the past 4 years but this particular handset is a pain. 
 It was good as I brought it but now after 6 months, nothing works good with the phone, sensor, camera, response everything is sad, my friend who was using this phone warned me not to get this, but I dint listen to him, now I repent, do not buy Asus product, I will never again  
 After several days of comparison, I finally decided to by Asus Zenfone 2 Laser. I placed the order in flipkart and the scheduled delivery was 1 week later, but they delivered the product in 2 days. Kudos to flipkart for that. 
Coming to the mobile:  
Looks: Pretty sturdy and well built. The phone looks like a high end version one and feels nice in hands. Though it is on the heavier side, it doesn't look bulky and fits perfectly into jeans pockets. 
Camera: The 13 Mp back cam is really good. To people who say the pictures are grainy can try the various modes available and a few changes to the settings to get good quality picture. The front camera is as good as those in the One plus and other flagship phone. 
Sound Output: Initially I too felt that the speakers aren't effective. But when changes to a few settings in the AudioWizard app (pre-installed) gave excellent output. Its loud and very clear with high bass. So no problems with speaker as well. 
Performance: Half of RAM is already occupied and there are lot of bloatwares. Especially there are lot of apps about ASUS which the majority won't use even for once. So lot of memory and ram wasted on that. Other than that you still have plenty left for all your work. 
Gaming: tried some heavy games and its runs very smoothly. I played around for an hour and there was NO HEATING ISSUES.  
Multitasking: Only thing I felt as an issue is that when you are doing heavy tasks and suddenly a phone call comes, there is heating problems near the ear piece, which makes to difficult to hold near ear. But during normal time the phone runs smooth. 
Overall, ASUS ZENFONE 2 LASER is currently the best sub 10k phone. This offers all the quality and functionality at a very affordable price. A phone worth buying and is worth every penny spent on it. 
 First of all Thanks to Flipkart for so Fastest Delivery. Really appreciate Flipkart for so proper and systematic and fastest Delivery of my each product.
And abt my phone which I have received Today is superb.
In 10,000 Range no other Phones comes which can stand in front of ASUS.
Front Camera which is only 5 MP is too good. Sound Quality is good. Gorilla Glass makes this awesome with features it has is too too nice.
Really my new phone is superb superb superb......Go and purchase the same . 
Cons: No EarPhone.......... 
 do not by this phone. this phone camera mega pixel is very very very bad but iam loss my money it is my personal experience 
 No headphone along with INR 9999 mobile, it's really very disgusting, 
Relay i get too much frustrate after knowing that there is no headphones.
Also inbuilt music player is not working and mobile get hang when full HD VIDEO Songs are playing. 
Also it does not support to some mobile games.. 
 This phone is worst 
It hangs; camera promises 13 MP but does not have a quality of even 5 MP Nokia phones with 3.2 MP were way better in capturing pictures. 
Recent Update I cannot cut the call seriously! This is worst phone turns dark and you will not be able to cut the call. 
I even do not want to give one star but this is a condition so I have too.  
 if camera is the main priority then simply " DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE". its 13 mp camera is just equal to samsung's 5 mp camera in the terms of quality of the image..rest of the phone is OK. 
 A few Observations: 
1: Zen UI: It is marketed to be simpler and minimal. Its actually not. By minimal if you mean an overload of un-necessary bloatware grouped up automatically into several incomprehensible folders, then yes, it is minimal. I use an LG G3 and it shares a similar interface design as the zen UI, and the LG interface is far minimal and easier to use than the Zen UI. The several ASUS apps within the zenfone that connect you to other people actually connect you only to other zenfone users. How is that useful? So basically the zen UI is a soup of apps that you must try really really hard to make use of. Question to ASUS: Why not let us, the users, decide whether we wish to download this app or not? 
Once again, to be fair, some apps do have utility. Like the app that measures distances. But its accuracy is limited to 0.5m. 
2: Connectivity issues: I dont know if this is a global zenfone issue or specific to the piece I ordered. But the signal strength on the zenfone 2 Laser is horrible to say the least. It took over 15 tries and 5 minutes of waiting every time I wanted to call someone. Then there was a curious event. After several tries, my call finally connected (I was calling from the zenfone 2 to my LG G3 in my other hand). But no incoming call was shown on my LG G3. After about 30 seconds after I disconnected the call from my zenfone, the call appeared on my G3. I'll be clear that this was not the service provider's (airtel) issue as we removed the sim and placed it in a much older phone and the calls connected within seconds.
3: The phone that we ordered had issues with the proximity sensor as well. Once you call someone and place the phone to your ears, the display must black out. And it does. But when you remove it to look at the screen, the display never turns back on. It takes two hard clicks at the power button to do that. Having frustratingly seen others complain about similar issues, my assessment is: Cheap hardware to bring the costs down. How else is ASUS able to provide such mouth-watering high specs at such a low cost without incurring losses? "Cheap parts don't a good phone make."
4: General: 
a]The power button at the top is a drag on a 5.5 inch screen size. For a smaller screen, the location would've been fine. 
b] Volume rockers are flimsy.
c] Camera provides grainy images. Good for general users. Not recommended as a replacement camera. 
Some noteworthy good points which, unfortunately, dont outweigh the cons are:
a] Really good battery life.
b] Gives a premium look.
c] Screen resolution is great. 
Sorry ASUS! Waited a long time for the zenfone only to be gravely disappointed. Refrain from buying till they guarantee the issues on all shipped models are fixed. 
 ASUS dont provide a good software update ...the recent software update had made lots of asus zenfone laser 2 calling screen blank. While calling. the screen gets blank and black ... you cannot use the phone ...not even cancel the call..... 
the software has corrupted and stopped the proximity sensor 
dont buy and dont upgrade if u have asus zenfone laser .....  
go with motorolla .... moto g3 is good then asus laser 
 I purchase this phone a couple of days ago and I insert a uninor sim. but its not getting network.
 and 
 I also facing data connection problem. 
 I pre-ordered two zenfone 2 laser phone and am really happy with this device. am using this device from 2 days now and haven't found any CONS yet. Many people are bragging around that it's loudspeaker is just avg. but in my opinion the quality of is great, you can hear the ring of phone easily in heavy traffic even. Here are some PROS and CONS of this phone. 
PROS:-
1. DISPLAY:-The screen quality is AWESOME. The sunlight display works perfect outdoors. viewing angles are great almost up to 179 degree.with Corning Gorilla glass 4 protection no worry for scratches and crackings. Display-9.5/10
2. SOUND:-The speaker of the phone (as mentioned above) is of great quality. The phone comes at a price of rs.9999,then what do you expect a sub woofer or a home theater at this price? Sound-9.5/10
3. POWER- Battery backup is really good. If you surf 3G it would last for efficient 10 to 12 hours and if only used for calling and texting this it would last you up to 2 days of battery backup.
4. CAMERA:- The camera of the phone works quite well outdoors. but it suffers indoors especially in bad lighting.Laser autofocus is real quick, it clicks images in a fraction of second. Camera- 8/10.
5. BUILD QUALITY- The phone is well put together. It feels very premium in hands unlike cheap lenovos,MIs, and yurekas. build quality-10/10 
CONS:-
1. CAMERA- the photos taken indoor are a bit grainy. Need to improve there.
2. LIGHT SENSOR- As soon as you turn auto brightness on the display gets a bit dull. So my advise is to not turn auto brightness on. 
Conclusion:- Should buy it. there is no heating issue like k3 note and mi4i(china mobiles).BEST IN CLASS. Just go for it.  
@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@ 
After use of 3 months I must have to change my review due to some problem, my latest review is:
I have Three No's of this Asus Zenfone laser 550KL mobile working good compare to Asus old models
Battery: backup is good draining very slowly lasts up to 24 hours with heavy use with continues mobile data on 
Look: is OK
Display: Good (Sunlight Display easily look through broad sunlight)
Camera: Below average, shutter speed is excellent but only for outdoor photography, indoor photography never get any result (definitely you throw mobile) we can count dots in the screen.
Service: Nightmare!!! if you visit Asus authorized service center you never buy or recommend this mobile to any one
One of my these mobile fall from shirt pocket and so called Corning Gorilla glass 4 scattered, and went to service center 182 km. from my place they demand Rs.4000 for display only, I really shocked after hearing this unbelievable charge. better I purchase a new one by adding few more rupees.
So my opinion that don't buy any mobile after reading it's high configuration and low price but first find-out local service center they have, and what is the spare rates,
Because some company sell their products by low rates and earn money by charging highest service charges, 
 seriously guys one of the wrst camera i have eva seen pics are tooo blurrr even in good lighting conditions 
Arrg i mst listen to geeky ranjit review... :( 
and zen ui is smooth no issues on that
 and gaming perfomance is decet with l8 games 
& the phone feels good in hands 
& battery is not heating after full charge due to that 1.2 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 MSM8916 Quad Core Processor 
& call quality is decent. yes its more than enough 
& common asus plz fix this camera issue worst camera eva if u fix that i ll give 5/5 
 Everything is good in this phone
only camera output is like 2mp 
Battery backup is very good as it is still 20% remain after heavy use of 24hours  
 Last 2 month my proximity sensor is not working even asus people are not supporting me.I recommend all please don't purchase this shitt. 
 I have gone through reviews and the Asus needs to concentrate on Camera and the sound quality , when I compare with Lenovo the audio is not crisp  
Hope Flipkart forwards this to Asus   
 1.rare camera 13 mp is bad....bur front 5mp camera is good
2.battery life is ok
3.video and sound quality is good
4. looking is very good
5.best gaming performance
6.RAM memory is low  
 Overall phone having good performance except camera quality. This product specially have Proximity sensor problem. Totally this sensor not working. Plz guys check out these before buy this product.  
Apart from this, last 4 days usage don't find any major bugs in it.  
Go ahead if you love ZEN UI & other options like OTG, 2 GB RAM, 128GB external memory options. 
 its very awesome and superb mobile phone, have recently preordered it and now just got it, literally its superb one, having good quality, shape, size, weight, is fare enough, but only one thing is that the screen display is not up to the mark, its very dull, but other than this, nothing is wrong with this phone, most important and good feature of this phone is the battery of this phone, its really good enough. had experienced and suggesting you all to go with this phone. 
 there are no words to explain its features cutting 0.5 for not giving ear phones but the phone is amazing and the camera is superb excellent marvelous 
 While I call somebody Or get a call from somebody screen automatically goes in sleep mode & after that, to do any further action like to cut the call or etc., I need to press Power Button. I think from screen itself we can cut, but enable to do that, can somebody help me. 
 Hi iam using fast 10 days it's working good and camera is good 
 Have been using last 6 months and am a heavy user with around 8 hours of back to back calls. I browse, chat, text, whatsapp, email, download and check documents, shop on mobile apps, shop online, heavy user of MS One Note, and all with sync...i didnt play any android games. 
Battery 100% charged:
With the above usage, i got 1.5 days of usage.
With Skype calls for 2 hours, i got 0.5 days of usage
With just calls and no other activity, 2 days of usage.
With video recording, less than 0.5 days. 
Browsing:
Not sure if this is due to ACT net or Vodafone network, i didnt find any difference between my laptop and Asus phone, it was fast enough. 
Calls:
Very rare but happened at least 5 times in last 6 months, call dropped all of a sudden. 
Bluetooth:
If you use bluetooth headset/earphone, the voice clarity is not so good and is not loud reception (i had very loud voice on iphone, HTC, Nokia and Micromax). If you use a Car Bluetooth, it fantastic (I used Jabra). 
Pictures:
Good quality to view on laptop, but not good if you want to print.
Low light pics are very bad. 
Issue I had is with torch, it glows when on but never switches off upon touch, i had to always restart. 
Overall not a bad phone.  
 have got this phne for my son. he is very happy and the phone is working very good. browsng speed good. 
 Great device.. I love the phone battery back up very much :D
I put charging 100% and start using from 7am - 11pm continuously still it shows 15%remaining.
Front camera is awesome when compared to rear camera. Finally, what i want to say is Everything is great in this phone at this cost. I suggest if some one want to buy. :)  
 Phone is very good 
Both front and back Camera quality is very good.
Requred softwared alredy installed by ASUS.
Some times in summer cpu is heating.
Overall v good ph  
 Very good phone and it is one of the better Phone i recommended to my friend. performance is same from the date of purchase till date. 8 months ago 
 hey!!! yar this is amazing product frnt camera is really awesome ..but back not good ,,,,,,,,,,this device have only one problem ..when i charge the mobile ,the charger pin get heat 
 It's a very good phone to buy ranging between 9000 to 12000 INR. It has all the features which we need in daily use. User Operating system is quite good and user friendly. Camera results are good both in front and rear. It's totally worthy. 
 ITs really fantastic handset! You will get all features in this phone with very low price.
Performance is really very good. No hang....No slow processing while using multiple apps.
worth to buy! 
 A very good phone. Got it at 8099. Could ask for nothing more. Next day delivery by Flipkart was awesome. The phone is bilkul pakka. Gifted to my wife on Women's day. Now she spends more time with the mobile than me... :-) 
 I'm satisfied from this product. Its so easy for use and So Standard. 
 i bought this online through flipkart ..i received the same within two days..good packaging and delivery..this smartphone is good buy with following pros and cons:- 
Pros:-
1. good quality back and front camera,
2. screen size and resolution is good,
3. apps run smooth, includes the option of BOOST to clear the ram and stops other running programs.
4. phone charges in a very less time, and especially the battery life is very good.
5. u can record calls while online.
6. gorilla glass make its screen safe from damage.sleek and nice quality phone. 
CONS:-
1. no headphone/headset/earphone comes with the phone.
2. speaker sound quality is average. 
3. u feel a plastic touch every time u touch it. 
At the end i would suggest that if u r looking for a smartphone at a reasonable price with great features and also concerned about the brand value then this phone will be a great choice. 
 Beast in class guys if you want to spend 10k then go for asus zenfone laser ccamera is like DSLR or great performance 
 Hi there,
I have been using this mobile since 3 months. 
Pros:
.Mobile looks awesome.
.3000mah battery does its best.
.big screen with gorilla glass 4 protection.
.UI Customization is incredible.
.Secondary cam(5MP) performs way better than Primary(13MP). 
Cons:
1.Lots of bloat ware.
2.Lagging has been found(the most annoying part)
3.Call Drop issue has been detected after a recent update for which I had to restart my phone,most of the times.
4.camera doesn't perform well(images look like 5Mp cam images).
5.Laser Auto Focus just sits there on your camera which is not usable for long shots. 
Flipkart has delivered the product within the promised delivery time.  
 Amazing phone with good battery backup even with clash of clans it handles very well and I can play coc for the whole day and then even after all the battery remains 10-15 %  
 This phone is really awesome........ I actually bought it to surprise my husband by gifting it...he was really surprised by seeing this wonderful and gorgeous device...its functioning is really very smooth...
and battery back up is good as well as the camera features are also good..but the front camera doesnt work properly with the low light feature in it..i.e; the pic comes up with wiered lines on it...that was only one problem rest all features are awesome...THANKS TO ASUS....and the phone was been delivered very fastly by flipkart...i was very happy to shop on flipkart as well. THANKS FLIPKART. 
 GOOD SPECS BUT POOR CAMERA QUALITY.  
This phone worth this price. specs are good. i am usin this phone since 2 months. no faults have been seen so faar.specs are just awesome at this price.  
5. 5 screen... but should be more bright. 
2gb ram makes it fast and lag free. 
Doesnt hang while playing big games. 
16gb internal space. nice. 
android lolipop.  
now those were cool features of the phone.  
where i am upset is the camera quality.The 13 mp seems truly not that attractive.Its just ok.. photos just like normal 8mp cam pics captured... The captured pic is too much GARINY.The front 5mp camera is ok.But rear cam should be more good. #Asus please do fix it if possible.  
Rest my friends its a must go phone if your budget is 10k. Go for it. 
 Zenfone 2 is VFM.
Battery Back up is good.
Camera is good in sunlight  
One Con:
Audio from FM radio is very low. 
 their is an offer of Zenear/Zenpower with my Zenfone but i cant receive it and when i contacted with customer care then he cant suggest me satisfactorily.
what i can do? 
 1.Battery- very good , 
2.Camera- very good clarity,sharp,vibrant
3.Touch -very good
4.sound- very good
5.connectivity- fast
6.heating- no issue
7.Lag- No issuse
Verdict- Best phone in the market , its all arounder .
Thanks flipkart for your service.
Flipkart is the best . 
 This phone design is just awesomeeee...! Display is superb!
Battery backup is very good!
Performance is also very very good!
UI is very nicely designed, full of features!
NO heating, NO lagging, NO hanging nothing... 
BUT 
The phone I got was "made in china" while my friend's same phone bought from flipkart only was "made in India". I simply asked this thing and they themselves replaced my phone with "made in India" tag.
Now, second phone I am have is troubled with SIM1 slot. SMS center number not working. On internet same issue was there for other users too...
In my office same brand another phone have malfunctioned proximity sensor... 
SO, in all, this phone's very good, UI also full of great features, but, hardware assembly by manufacturer at final stage is very very poor! I think they do not have post assembly check stage or say Quality check.
I handled total 4 of these phones, and in every phone there is one or the other hardware issue. I am returning this finally, because I can not take chance to go for third replacement. I wasted my money in terms huge amount of 3G cellular data for various apps. 
Try your luck in buying this phone. May be you get the phone which is assembled by a trained person in the manufacturing facility. 
 Design is excellent
smooth touch
No lags
Great display 
Goriilla glass
Camera is nice can be better 
Finally no heat problems
Best phone to go at this price range   
 Hi, 
During calls phone screen goes black and no matter how hard u try the screen does not light up even after phone ends,take a minute for the screen to reappear or need to press power button 2-3 time to wake up screen.its really frustrating as u cant even disconnect calls. 
There are so many Asus Zenfone users facing same problem. 
Please keep in mind this point before go for this mobile. 
 I have purchased it in october-15.within 15 days of purchase i found problem in Mic. Initially I thought network issue but than I found problem with MIC. Untill now i have been 6-7 times in service center still no solution to the problems below.
1) Mic Problem
2) Dull display
3)camera problem
4) Proximity sensor not working. 
If Asus will not replace the product than I will go to consumer right protection 
BR
KUNAL 
 First time experience is good. It got it's own class. It good really good looks. But keeps heating. 
Its not good mobile for gaming. 
 Asus Zenfone 2 Laser is best phone in this price series and good features... i am using this phone since Jan 2016. and only difficulty faced with my Zenfone 2 is Camera. when am trying to capture the objects under a tubelight, screen showing different lines.. everytime same thing happens. 
 1) Good screen display.(5.5) gorilla glass
2) Camera quality average. (13mp & 5 mp)
3) Net use and gaming, heating problem.
4) Sound quality good. 
 That's a best phone you can ever get, what do I tell you, everything's just perfect, It supports all games, that's a best way to describe a phones performance... Camera is just something above Awesome... NOW K4 NOTE, yes I agree Performance wise K4 note can be good , there's something call stability and perfection, and that's what ASUS is all about, belive me every ASUS is just something to spend upon... and now ASUS has said to roll-out Marshmellow upgrades also, so just Hit the buy button....
It's being 4 months I'm using this phone and still now there's no problem, not even minor ones that I can write.....
Talking about K4 Note I've used that, biggest problem battery removing, it so tight that one of my friend broke his screen removing it.... camera not good, as compared to ASUS's one and most important It's not stable at all.... while ASUS is stable, awesome UI, camera take awesome picture in low light............. much more Buy it and experience yourself..... 
 This phone mouth speaker are not working,kindly give me suggetion 
 Phone is too good,except few things like slow ringtone volume. I return the product after 15 days because of connectivity issue. I was getting frequent miss call alert due to signal loss isuue. 
 Bought this product for 9999. Now it is available for lesser than that. Really great deal. Very good product at this price. Performance is very good. Love this one. 
 Well what laser does I didn't notice. It supposed to shoot images a lot faster but slightly moving targets come blured in picture. Am I missing something? Overall phone's build quality and other softwares are good. No problems with those. 
And the mighty Corning Gorilla glass 3 shattered like egg shell with one drop from his pocket to the floor. Oops, it's not me though. One of my friends was unlucky on CGG3. 
 Okay? So let me clear the air first, I have been using this phone since 5 months now and there's not even a single issue I phased.No lags, No slowdowns. This is one heck of deal in 10k range. Idk what these people with reviews have been looking for but i'm fully satisfied with this handset and i suggest you guys to go for it.
* Sound Quality - 9/10 
* Camera - Okay? so i was going through the review about the camera quality not being that good? Dude what else you want in 10k handset? Trust me guys camera is hell good. And it turns out to be the best if you love clicking selfies.
10/10 for that.
* 4G support on both the ports, So its good too.
* And yes, Love playing games on your android device? 10/10 for Asus Zenfone 2 Laser. There are no lags even when you're playing "Asphalt 8, GTA, FIFA 15". 
Overall its heck of a deal at a heck of a price :)
Don't miss it, Grab it. 
 There are some bugs in the phone. Touch becomes hypersensitive when i connect to charger. Charging takes lot of time and phone cannot be used comfortably when it is charging. Didnot bother to replace since it was a minor issue. One of my friend who ordered similar one had an issue with gallery. It used to misbehave very often. 
So there are bugs which are phone specific and they will not get fixed even with the updates!!!. 
Camera: 4/10. Front camera is good compared to the rear cam. But some times both cameras annoy me. The picture quality is below average. Pictures are granular.16 MP is just for name sake. MI cameras are exceptional ones compared to any other phones. 
Battery backup: 9/10 Very good. I am impressed. Minimum 24 hrs guaranteed with regular usage.
Build quality: 8/10 
Performance: 8/10 
This is one of the best phones i have had. I took it as a replacement for my Galaxy note 2. It left me disappointed only with the camera performance.  
Overall it is a good phone if camera is not your priority. 
 Dislplay 
IPS Vivid Display HD is good not best not showing pure white on display (Lenovo K3 Note Providing Full HD 401PPI) 
Sound
Good and decent sound are producing 
Camera
Focusing speed are excellent great job doing laser focus 
Short sight shoot picture are great
Long sight shoot are above avarage quality only 
Am intrested to using the zenfone laser with intel processor but flipkart provide snapdragon processor model only 
 If you looking to buy a budget phone then asus zenphone 2 laser is the best phone. .. In under 10 k. .  
1. Best battery life
2. Amaging zen ui
3. Nice and smooth touch screen
4. Good camera fitures
5. No hitting issues
6. Call quality and sound is good
7. Using Vodafone sim no coverage issue faced. 
only one thing is need to improve is camera .. pic is Ok when taking in low light. ..outdoor pic is awesome. ..  
 A very good phone within a budget of 10k. Stylish look, No heating no hanging. I am using Zenfone laser 2 for the last 3 months and I am very much happy with the product. The only problem I have noted is the often loss of network signal. I am using the same sim card and same service provider which I used for my previous phone and never faced a network loss in that where as in ASUS I have to go for a network search very often. Expect this single issue I am happy with all the other features of the Zenfone. 
 Was using Mi note and was very satisfied with that phone. I needed to buy a new phone for other reasons and I was checking for a phone which will give me a similar user friendly experience. I bought this product with a hesitation. BUT THE PRODUCT IS AWESOME
WONDERFUL TOUCH EXPERIENCE..
VERY GOOD CUSTOMIZATION OS
SUPER CAMERA, BOTH SELFIE AND PRIMARY
only problem is asus is bombarding you with OS updates so often ,that you will have to spend a little on your mobile data 
 As per my friend recommendation i had order this device , and i got more satisfaction from my expectation , friends i really recommend this device to all  
thanks ! 
 The mobile is good.As said in the advertisements, the camera quality is not great.My friend's Honor 4x mobile and Samsung Mobiles with 13 MP same as ASUS zenfone 2 laser has more clarity in the photos when compared with ASUS ZE550KL.The screen and rear parts of the mobile gets heated when games like "AXES in Motion" were played.The Battery gets drained even in super power saver mode.The loud speakers are very low quality.In the ASUS cover mode,after seeing the message in the circle window,the back key in that circle dont work properly and needs to tap more than 5 to 6 times to get in to analog clock circle mode.The capacitive type touch screen becomes useless in those situations.Above all i thank flipkart for safe and timely delivery.Hatsoff FLIPKART. 
 Its price worth Phone. Dual sim support LTE. But the box did not contain any headset. The company should include headset. 
 I recommended to buy this phone to every one... 
pros ...
1 front camera is excellent you can also use beautification mode for better experience
2 rear camera is just decent you cant expect much in this budget
3 no issue with proximity sensor
4 no lags in between the game.. you have plenty of ram available for about 1.2 gb free.
5 phone call quality is great.... I have never seen before in any phone also have low sar value. 
 cons...
1 sound quality is little bit low but its not too much low you can use headphone ... that is the compromise otherwise I will give 5 stars.. but you are getting a good deal at this.... do not think just buy if you have no issue with sound quality... 
 First Of All, the service of flipkart is awesome!!!! 
Delivery is super-fast...ordered it on 27th december and got it on 31st december...in only 5 days... 
Reviews about phone after 6-7 days usage... 
Phone is FANTASTIC!!!!!!
Very fast processing..absolutely no lags, even on heavy multi-tasking (simultaneously 8-9 apps open)
Battery backup is EXCELLENT...very slow drain after heavy internet usage...
Camera is excellent!!!!! Also the added customized modes are awesome!!! 
Only drawback is that the on-screen buttons do not glow...so i have given 4 stars for it...but apart from that, everything else is awesome!!!!
I highly recommend this phone to anyone.. 
 After using the device for 7 days now I am giving my own opinion about this product. 
I purchased the device from flip-kart and it was an awesome experience.Thanks to flip-kart for delivering the product in one day. 
Here I am listing my own experience about the device....... 
Pros:
--------
1.Build quality is very good.Looks like a premium phone.
2.Battery backup is awesome.If you are a heavy user the battery lasts up-to one day.
 And if you are a moderate user then it lasts up-to one and half days to two days. 
3.Both the cameras back and front are very good no doubt about it.
4.Laser auto focus feature is an advantage.
5.Sound clarity is excellent.
6.The 5.5 inch HD display is very good.
7.Double tap to screen off and double tap to screen on is an advantage.
8.Gesture support is also an good feature in this device.
9.Heating problem is not there.(Not heat up much)
10.800 MB to 1 GB RAM free after installing some applications like
 (Skype,Messenger,Whats app......) 
Cons:
---------
1.In night the camera quality is not so good.But you can get good pictures by customize the the camera setting.
2.Some bugs are there in some apps.(But not so serious)
3.Sound quality is good if you enable the Audio wizard.And unfortunately it is not working properly.May be in later version they will fix it.
4.You have to update the device to get more functionality in app like UI,Camera etc..
5.No earphone is provided with this Device. 
After all this is a good phone under 10k. Though there are some problems but they are not measure.So if u want to buy under 10k then I,ll recommend this mobile to buy.   
 The second ZenFone laser I bought. Nice reliable device. 1.5 to 2 days decent battery life. Camera focuses real fast. Post a bit of Photoshopping results are awesome. Suitable 6 megapixel images can be taken after resizing. 
Processor n ram ...decent not a powerhouse but does the job. No lags for anywhere. No gaming rig but a performer. 
It's worth your money.  
 I am writing this review after using the phone for more than a month. And, this is the best phone in given price range.  
I was very confused before buying this phone as multiple options are available through other brands in given price range. I spent many days in reading reviews, reading users' experiences, and discussed with many friends who were having other phones of ASUS. Finally decided to buy this one.  
Now, different aspects of phone:  
- Battery backup is very good. I don't play many heavy games, but I keep playing some games (like candy crush) continuously (sometime for hours). And, I am not worried anymore that battery will drain.  
ASUS ZenUI provides many built in apps (like Auto Start Manager) which helps prevent auto-start of apps. You can also manage that what all apps are allowed to show notifications, saves a lot unnecessary battery drain. [5/5]  
- Great 5.5 inch IPS Gorilla Glass display. Design and built is great. Good hold in hand. [5/5]  
- Camera: 13 MP Rear and 5 MP front camera. It took a little time to tune the settings as per need. I still don't like front camera as front camera works great only in good light. But, no worries. Rear camera comes with many modes and one is 'Selfie' mode. Phone comes with laser auto focus which works great and you can take selfies in 13 MP instead of 5. If you want to take a group selfie, just mention how many faces going to be in selfie, and camera will not flash unless laser auto focus is not finding all faces. Great feature. Would have given 5 out of 5 if, front camera would have been working in low light also. [4/5]  
I am not going to talk of some features like 2 GB RAM (as it works great in multitaksing, and in heavy games apps), Sound Quality (as it is simply good and do the task without any problem), 16 GB internal memory (as you get sufficient for your images and apps). :-)  
I would like to mention some features which I really loved in ASUS phone:  
- Zen UI & Apps: Zen UI is very very good. ASUS provides many apps which ASUS keeps updating very frequently. You keep getting new features with frequent apps udpates. You get New feature notification inside each Zen UI apps also to easily find what is new.  
- Interactiveness: What I like most about ASUS Zenfone that it is very inteactive. There are other brands, which are not very active on upgrade and in-built apps updates. 
Phone comes with ASUS help and support app. You will be updated with new features introduced in apps. It is having support section, which helps in solving the common problem which you face in your phone and with description that how to fix that. It has notifications sections, which notifies you with new updates and upgrades. Like, I didn't had to search on net to know if there will be any Marshmallow update planned for phone. I got official notification in apps itself.  
What I am trying to say here that ASUS is very active and you will not feel left alone with you phone (which I was feeling with my Micromax Canvas 2 A110, with no updates for years).  
Best buy. Go for it!!! 
 Good configuration
Good phone
Awesome camera
Hd video recording. 
 Plus Points 
Superb Design.
Superb Software
Superb Camera.
Superb Handy Body
Superb Price.
Superb Display.
Superb sound Quality.Not low as mentioned here many user
Superb Battery Power of 3000 mah
Superb gorilla screen
Superb touch effect.
Superb Speed, no leg at all.
OTG facility. 
Minus Points
Microphone not supplied with phone
Sound Quality is very good but not loud
Due to its rubberize finish the finger impression easily prints on the back cover. 
Conclusion 
The minus Points are negligible against the Plus points of this mobile. In this range 
 Pros:
1:The auto focus technology of the primary camera makes this phone a exception at 10K....13 mp camera is great but could be better...secondary camera is just great for selfies with beautification mode and all.
2:OS...It runs on android lollipop 5.0.2 with a customized asus zen ui which is great to use.It''s easy and very well designed
3:Battery:3000 mah power packed battery which can run upto 12-13 hrs 
4: 2 gb ram is good.....can handle many apps....Im personally satisfied with the gaming quality of the phone.....game generally dont lag 
5:storage: out of 16gb,10 gb is available and with sd card it is expandable upto 128gb
6:no heating issue
7:looks...its awesome man
CONS;
1:display quality could have been greater
2:phone should get an upgrade to marshmallow
3:though it doesnt lag every now and then....but sometimes after heavy usage it lags
4: battery life should be improved
5:the quality of gorilla glass is very poor...tampered glass is preferred 
 Im writing the review after using 3minths.
Everything is superb, great phone at this price.. Except Loud Speaker sound, its not good  
 very nice phone with all features under rs10000 and after software updating battery power discharging quickly other than that very nice and user friendly and also im waiting for purchase another one when they give promotional offer 
 Liked the mobile very much.
Pros -
Good Battery backup
Excellent features
good for rough use 
Cons -
Little low sound when put on loud speaker 
 People complaining about things like heating, non-performance in gaming, lagging etc.. To those people, answer this- What did you expect from a phone that costs barely a 10,000/-?? Is it fair to expect performance of a hogh end device costing 40-50,000/- from such a low cost phone? Isn't it actually amazing, no a miracle, how they managed to squeeze in such mid range specs in under 10,000???? If you wanted a phone with " Super fast performance, best gaming, no heating, excellent battery " etc.. Then why not get those galxy notes or S6 or iphone6 ????  
I am actually amazed by the fluidity of the UI. Its amazing how it performs with such consistency in a chipset like SD415. Be thankful a giant company like Asus has made such goodspecs available for us in such a low price. Be thankful. Atleast you got this much within this price which is much better than those of chinese phones. 
 World best mobile in regionable price.... 
Stars of those Quality... 
CAMERA .....4/5
DISPLAY......5/5
BATTERY.....5/5
SOUND........ 5/5
DESIGN........5/5
PERFORMANCE........5/5
..............n do not take more time for load 2 Functions n application.
overall all functions are very nice n so fast..!!! 
 After using it for one week now i am writing these comments. 
Asus has provided good phone with high end configuration I have purchased this in BIG APP sale on 21 - 23 Dec in 8999 and additional 10% cash back on Citi Bank Offer, sharing pros and cons with You.  
Pros: 
Performance
Good Display
Zen UI
16 GB Internal Memory
2 GB RAM
Double Tap to Lock and Unlock
Nice Build 
Volume Rocker at back gives good look to phone
3000 mAH Battery 
Feel light weight due to balanced weight
Superb dual led flash
Different camera modes
Value for Money.  
Lags:  
I will not say these cons but these are some area where this phone lags a bit.
Although the Camera configuration is 13 MP rear and 5 MP front, but doesn't capture details of the object.
Also Picture gets burst when you zoom those.
Picture taken from Front camera is good but detailing are missing.  
Confusion:  
People have confusion as Phone doesn't sounds good, It sounds Good You can easily get Ring Tone Sound, You can Listen to music on Loud speaker and its good enough in 16*10 feet Room.
You can watch movies without headphone. What else you want from a speaker. This is not Sony Walkman series phone.. ;) 
I am giving it 4 start due to the lags mentioned otherwise the phone is superb... 
 I have been using this phone for one month or so , and am genuinely impressed with it .The good things about the device are : 
1) Very good call reception and clarity .
2) Looks and feels very nice,sturdy and premium, uncommon design. ( Asus has taken a samsung approach in design making all phones look exactly the same ; though its cool at start, may get pretty boring down the road)
3) Very fast and no lags even on multitasking . (Plenty of free ram >1 GB on boot). Plenty of storage.
4) Very good rear camera ( have compared against Mi4i , Galaxy J7 and HTC 826 ; Asus wins hands down on bright as well as low light photography. Just make sure to install critical updates at first boot which improve camera quality significantly.Excellent array of tweaks and options in camera menu; doesn't at all feel like a budget device. 
5) Plenty of preinstalled useful apps , that makes downloading many third party solutions unnecessary. Asus UI is excellent with tons of options ,and simple things like the keyboard customization and utilities score among the very best.
6)Outstanding battery;full charge from 0 to 100 takes about 2:30 hrs and runs for 1.5 days easily on moderate usage. No heating of chipset.
7) Last but not the least CONFIRMED MARSHMALLOW UPDATE . 
There are very few shortcomings which may be again rather subjective: 
1) Snapdragon 410 : Lower tier chipset with humble antutu scores; competitors are offering 615 or mt octacores at the same range (eg yureka/meizu/k3 note). However performance is absolutely fluid (even moto G3 uses the same) for all uses except heavy gaming (GTA SA runs on medium settings smoothly). I do not have a problem as 410 is again very power efficient on the upside.
2) 720p display: Frankly speaking not much of an issue as display is very bright , pleasing (267 ppi) and sharp. No pixelation whatsoever.
3)Very low speaker volume : This is a problem , and one that has no easy solution. In a quiet environment , it is audible however in a moderately noisy place (70-80 db) one has to strain to hear the sound.
4) Bloatware : Again depends on whether one actually needs the preinstalled apps or not. However the apps are of very good quality (compared to similar paid apps so lots of savings there) and majority can be easily uninstalled.
5) Design : Hard to reach power button makes the same totally useless; awkward volume rocker position (Plenty of times one will be rubbing the camera lens fumbling for the volume ) Again that depends on user adaptation.
6) Many users have complained of poor after sales service on part of asus /as well as easily breakable screen. As I haven't faced any issues till now , can't say about service but I think unfortunately that is something universally missed in post-Nokia days irrespective of the brands. Also Asus claims corning gorilla glass protection (many competitors in same range are offering none) ; still it may be wise to apply a tempered glass for 100 bucks. 
Flipkart service was prompt and good ; I bought this phone on exchange at Rs 7800 /- which I think is a great bargain ! For the price , this phone is a steal deal. 
 Using this phone for past 2 weeks. Am so happy with the performance of this phone that too at a budget price. I was a bit skeptical about the camera before buying it but believe me, camera works really well. The most amazing thing about this phone is its battery back up.
Keep your internet on for whole day and do all the surfing still its gonna last 1.5 days. No need of a 2nd thought if you are thinking to buy this. Just grab it guys ! :) 
 One of the best mobile ever. With all salient features at reasonable price. The only competitor is k3 note from lenovo.But K# is not having gorilla glass and no tweaks in UI and battery is low. But this zenfone 2 lase has overcome with so many pros... You cant find any cons in this phone. 
After my usage for about a week, I have seen the battery backup is excellent. Net Speed is good in 2G/3G/4G. Display is good. Front cam is Awesome and main camera is claiming to be 13MP. But it took only average pictures. Ringtone output is ok. Proximity sensor is working well. Ensure that u r using a quality screen guard. Overall it VFM ! 
 Purchased the phone 2 days ago. 
Pros
1) Size of the screen is huge. Nice to use
2) RAM is 2gb, which is great at this cost.
3) The finishing quality of the product is nice.
4) Camera is great. Works like heaven
5) Design of the phone is really great.
6) Battery stays longer. For a normal usage, with internet always on, music and chats it stays 24+ hours 
Cons
1) Internal memory 16GB, of which 5.20GB is system reserved
2) Too delicate to handle. Need much care on handling it. 
 I have bought this item 2 days back..Phone is well and gud... Headphone is not provided with this phone please check while buying... 
 THIS MOBILE IS VERY NICE IN DESIGN & SLIM.I RECEIVED IT IN TIME WITH WELL PACKED BUT I'M BIT DISSATISFIED NOT RECEIVING EARPHONE WITH IT.THE CAMERA QUALITY IS VERY GOOD DUE TO LASER SYSTEM & IS ONE OF THE BEST SMARTPHONE AMONG THIS PRICE RATING.THIS PHONE IS USERFRIENDLY & BATTERY BACKUP IS VERY WELL   
 Using this phone for last 6/7 months, no such big issues. Good performance, battery backup is above average and good, taking a bit more time to charge 100%, few good features inbuilt like smart lock, no issue faced with proximity sensors. Camera quality is really good. screen resolution is nice. one big drawback is speaker in the rear of the phone. But overall it is a good phone in this price range.  
Highly recommended. 
 Its just awesome ,jst go for it ,
Value for money ,dont listen to rumers,
Its is better than lenevo,g3,ureka,
Good build quality,camera is nice ,
Worth for money.for the price range below 10k . 
Best mobile below 10k price range. 
 Using it for last 15 days. Battery backup is good, easliy lasts 1.5 days. Best gadget in this price range. 
 Awesome phone, great performance,very good ram...display is so good..5/5..battery life is also verry good...truly worth for every penny.. 
 i gift this device to my brother.
its really a good phone.
awesome experience. 
1. Battery performance is good (5/5 rating for that)
2. Performance is smooth no lag , i was running apps , music, internet, games (5/5 ratings for that). And yes no Heating problem at all
3. ASUS has provided various pre installed apps , all of them has great utility specially apps for camera (5/5 ratings for that)
4. Camera performance is above good but not excellent, ASUS need to improve 
highly recommended for gadget lover.   
 nice phone from acer gud performance and user friendly UI no hanging no heating battery back up is gud but front camera is not gud as expected. but rear camera is nice got in a day deliver they delivered very nxt day and sound is little low but call sound is very high overall gud value for money... 
 I hv got this product from flipkart with a decent delivery time period.I just want to say that in this range this is a awesome product,good battery,good sound n the best part is the screen. 
 This product is excellent and recommending to all those who have less than 10000 budget............................................. 
 Mobile is very good and very user friendly and smooth in using this mobile and features are very good i have never seen in any other mobile like this... 
 I think this one is the best buy in this price range...very good quality camera...front cam is awesome...I am highly satisfied. 
 nice product. performance is good. i loved it. Within the range of 10k this product is best. Everybody should go for it, specially student those don't have much purchasing power. 
 Display is good, user interface is superb
but camera is really not up the mark, Performance vice its value for money,
You can go for it if dont use your camera that often 
 Worth for money @ this segment. Processing speed pretty good and camera quality good. 
Battery standby is good 
 This is Best product in it's Class but before i want to buy it
I sow some review about it's Proximity sensor, but there was no any kind of problem with my Device. 
I read some Old review about it's Proximity sensor that it stops working but there was no such problem when i check my Device also there is no any other issue about this product no heating at all ALSO after continuous 2-3 hr of Gaming! 
Graphics performance is also good enough. 
Camera is quite above the Average but not Perfect it gives poor quality of picture in night but is is quit good if you see it's cost is 10k so it is Over all Good performance of Camera  
Over all Good Product and Nice Design By Asus.  
 I love this devil really awesome ws retail seller packing perfect, smooth performance I'm almost use this phone non-stop. More then 3hrs but I'm not faced any heating problem and any lag and 3g internet sped is gud I'm using bsnl 3g almost 12MB speed coming, so many people said senser issues but I'm not faced any issue during the cal because I'm not useing any screen guards totally ASUS mobile is Rocking gud mobile   
 Classic phone with great design performance is not up to mark but it is very good camera is also good 
specially brand ASUS is very reliable brand 
 the mobile is nice compared to 10k range and camera quality is also good , better than k3 note and other fones, if u like it thn go for it but before buying go for full review in youtube 
 Asus, its a nice product. Its a best buy within 10k. Battery performance is also splendid in comparison to MotoG. 
 good phone i ordered two of them within 2 months for me and now for my sis.
rear cam cab improved little 
 earlier than expected delivery date, using it for past 3.5 month no problem yet so I think its genuine product 
 Nice phone. Camera is superb 
Long battery life . No hiting issue.
Fast delivery Frome Flipkart 
 I am happy with features provided in zenfone 2 laser. Some times it founds low speaker volume but overall performance was totally good 
 Great product... Awesome phone under 10K.
W.S. Retail also did a great job. 
The Gorilla Glass 4 may get some minor scratches. Buy an original flip cover or a screen guard... 
 I have ordered this phone on 18 December 2015, got product on next day. Phone is very good and meet everyone's expectations. 
One major drawback was no led light for navigation buttons, during night we have to assume and touch the screen for back,home buttons.
Battery back good: While writing this review my battery was 44% , second day was running. For huge internet user's battery will come for a day. Playing video's battery drains 1% for each 30 mins.
Camera: Rear:Average, Front:Good
Touch: Superb.
Display:Excellent.  
 In this price the phone is superb. All features are available. When the technology is changing everyday its not worth to buy expensive ones. But at a lower price this phone is really very nice. I suggest to go with this. You will never repent. 
 I bought this phone on christmas offer ...got it before delivery date..after 3 days of usage..i feel no regret..i have chosen this over lenovo k3 note because of low SAR value...and more battery backup...and its Worth taking if Don't go too much technical while buying this phone in 10k range.. 
No heating issues...No problem while processing..No Hanging issues...No restarts...No Battery draining...Sound is also Ossum ...Also having removable..battery.... 
Feature and Themes according to festivals...are ossum...Look and Feel...seriously no words...After a week research i bought this phone...and i feel it is the best in 10k range...After all you need looks too...with features..to show off..:P 
 I was bought it 22nd Dec.
Delivered in 24th Dec 20015.
Thank you Flipkart such a speed deliver.
This phone has many useful pre installed app. 
Battery backup good. 
Overall ratings very good. 
Thank you ASUS for this great phone. 
 Awsome Device...I've been using it for around 1 Week...Seller is also efficient and i got the device within 4 days after booking,which is fast according to me.
Sound Quality Seems to be poor at first.but using the Audio manager,We could increase the Sound Quality,and its fantastic after all.
Camera is average at low light,but Perfect Outdoor.
After a heavy usage,the charge remains almost 1 full day.but charging time is a bit time consuming.it takes about 2hrs(around1hr 40min) to charge from 10% to 100%.
Multi-tasking is fantastic while playing Leo's Fortune,Modern Combat 5 and Asphalt8.
Overall the device is awsome. 
 A very good phone will delivers complete satisfaction. 
But the only sad part is the flipkart delivery service which is very less convenient and is really worse.
No customer satisfaction and has a useless customer care interface and representatives of no basic use. 
 As i have faced all the Hanging, Heating, Slow, Restart etc problem with Sony Xperia 18000 mobile, I decided to go for below 10000 mobile with Good configuration, Good Camera(front/Back), 2GB Ram, min 16 GB ROM, No Heating and very low SAR value mobile. I finalized Lenovo and ASUS Zenfone2 Laser550KL for my searching criteria as Moto have heating and SAR value problems.  
After one week of heavy usage i am happy that I made a very good choice.  
Pros: 
1. Very smart and slim Look
2. Very Good front and Back Camera at this Price. 
3. No Heating problem while charging, WIFI, Calling or data, Games..
4. Very Less SAR value
5. Very Good Battery given life for full day with normal usage
6. No Hanging Issue so far
7. Volume is Good Enough(Not like china loud speaker mobile)
8. Good Display
9. Very Good ZEN UI and easy handling
10. Camera button can be used as a Volume button. Wow
11. Game Performance and Graphics are so good.
12. etc.,  
Cons:
I didn't find any yet. I will Edit my Review if i can able to find. Based on others Review i can say 
1. Battery Full charging time is 2Hrs. --Not a problem for me. Even half an hour charge give more hrs for normal usage with 4G/3G 
2. Not having FULL HD. --- I think it is too much of expectation for 8000. 
3. I don't find any sensor Issues 
Update and change settings in Camera gives more clarity photos.  
Next day Delivery from Flipkart and got it for 8000. Good 
 Thanks flipkart getting it delivered in 2 days ????
 Now about phone it's value for money 
Screen 10/10
 Battery backup is what i love it will last for more than 24 hours
Asus gesture make it easy to use despite being a 5.5 inch phone 
About camera front 5 mp shooter is best in this prise segment and 13mp rear is also Good enough considering price
Played asphat 8 for an hours it doesn't gets heated up
Faced lags a few time but over all its a value for money deal. 
 1)Stylish and Slim phone
2)Fast processor
3)gaming is best
4)No Lags 
5)Very good camera quality front Facing is also good for selfies...
6)Sound is not loud but decent... 
 Phone got delivered on time ..Thank you Flipkart 
The phone which I first received has got some S/W issues and flipkart replaced the phone in time thank you for your prompt service  
Have used this phone for 12days and got mesmerized with its Interface ZENUI. In these days phone never got lagged or over heated with heavy applications running or by multitasking. The battery back up is simply superb it can remain for 1.5 to 2 days . Touch is good, all the sensors are working properly.  
Display is excellent . The rivalries are having 1080p but i wont complaint asus for that as am getting a decent battery back up because of the appreciable 720p. 
Camera captures quality pictures but can find noises in low light . 
Phone wont let you down ........Go for it 
 Thank you for sending good product after replacement the previous one within 6 days. Not even changed my previous product (having technical issues) but also sent a updated firmware (5.0.2 version) which is working fine now. Also, I would like to thank you to Flipkart technical support team who tested my product on call and understood the technical issues. 
 You can find pros & cons in detail in other comments or in youtube.
I am enlisting here only one thing as a con if you want to be sure whether you should go for it or not.
Even in maximum brightness its visibility in sunlight is moderate.
Other than that i don't find a single thing to complain about..Met my expectations all the way & believe me i expect a lot from my device. Go for it... 
 After Usage of one month
Worth for your money nothing else............ 
Camera : OK 
Browsing : super
Hanging : No ( i didn't face in last one month)
Heating : No
Charge : Good
Design : super 
 awesome phone it won't heat how much ever you operate , Cam is good,  
sound is less when compare to other phones 
 awesome mobile..littel bit slower due to Quad core processor.. but no Hang problem,no heating issue,both cameras are awesome . camera is the best part of this phone..laser Autofocus works for Macro shot. over good product in middle budget, photography lovers can go for it. 
 impressed by the below features 
no lagging while playing heavy games
stunning video display
photos and video recording are superb
I am very much satisfied with the purchase
I took 2 weeks to decide to purchase this mobile
meanwhile I ran around reviews, features and comparison.
Finally decided. 
 telenor sim card not support in this device
and camera is is very poor then zooming
but all feature is very nice 
 I had bought this phone at a flash discount sale. And it was perfect for me.
Solid build, very good touch response. Excellent quality main images and selfies. Good display. For Rs 9999 it gives you the quality of twice its price!
But it had trouble recognizing with my BSNL and Vodafone micro sims.
A checkup at the service centre found that the circuit board was defective. So I returned the phone with a heavy heart. My colleague who bought the same along with me faced the same problem. So we both got defective pieces.
If Asus gets their quality check right then this is the phone for anyone who uses their phone for calling, short-notice photography and accessing the internet. 
 This product from ASUS is absolutely top notch. The best android phone i have used till now. 
1) Screen: Awesome details and premium colors. Absolutely Gorgeous.STUNNING!
2) Sound: Loud and Clear. Sound through earphone is stunning. 
3) Camera: Asus nailed it in this department. Superb clarity and detailing in 13mp laser autofocus. Very sharp and clear pictures with very quick focusing. Has many modes, more than any other phone in this price can offer. Flash is very powerful.
The laser also has another use, it can measure the distance between the camera and the object within 50 cm range using the 'Laser Ruler' app. Its very unique.
The 5mp front camera is wide and sharp. Best in this range.
4) Connectivity: Awesome
5) Battery: SUPERB! i was surprised by its battery performance i charge it once a day even after using wifi 24/7 and watching 2-3 movies per day and playing shadow fight 2 regularly . Battery backup is the best thing in this phone
6) Design : not too heavy not too large. Perfect weight distribution
6) Performance : Smooth and powerful. Has never lagged yet. Very impressive
7) Other features: Zen gestures and themes are very useful. Like you draw c on the screen to launch camera instantly when the phone is asleep. Very useful. 
The one hand operation feature is the best, it squeezes the screen to a smaller screen so that you can use it with one hand.(havent seen this feature in any phone) .
The UI is awesome and highly customizable .
Double tap to wake up and sleep is very useful. 
One advice : Order an armor cover from amazon for this phone it looks way too sexy 
In short the best phone in 15k for a college student  
 Got this for my mom! Was enlightened by its design. The camera is also good. After one or two months of usage, I discovered the gesture features which are very nice. Overall a very nice product. It gets a lot of updates! It is a direct competitor to the Lenovo k3 note. 
 I like this phone because of below Features, 
Expandable memory upto 128 GB which is great, phones like Iphone dont even give any extra storage.
Camera is Great both Front & Back
Dual Sim both with LTE
Gorllia Glass 4 
I personally believe after using this phone that Taiwanese companies(Asus & Acer) have the same ability to produce good phones as Korean(Samsung , LG) ones.   
 The phone is really good.
It does not hang, does not heat. It has a removable battery. 
My phone started giving issues with the mic. Also the firmware upgrade was not possible.  
 its awsme product at these price .the only disadvantage is low speaker volume..bt that can b solved by using various software/appss..... 
 Good to have this mobile..
I am using this mobile since one week and i fully satisfied with the features here i am giving quick rating of Asus zenfone 2 laser 
Pros: 
1) Display 9/10
2) Battery 10/10
3) Storage 8/10
4) Sound 8/10
5) Built quality 10/10
6) Voice clarity 10/10
7) Performance 10/10 
Cons:
1) Power cable is short in length---- not a big issue
2) No headset  
I didn't find anything more than this.. and highly recommended who are looking for good mobile in budget 10k range 
thanks to flipkart. 
 Perfect phone...stylish look,excellent performance,5.5 display,2gb ram,camera...everything works perfectly fine,..most importantly battery backup...lasts a day long atleast,...best buy for 9k.
Excellance from asus 
 I was tired searching various phones under 10k. My priorities were: 
1. Low SAR ( Radiation level)
2. Min 16GB Internal memory
3. 5.5" IPS Display
4. Gorilla Glass
5. Android Lolipop
6. A fast and reliable processor. 
I couldn't find even a single phone by any reputed manufacturer to offer all above mentioned features. Lenovo models were good but beware, their SAR (Radiation) levels are high and just within the prescribed upper limits. So they did not fit the scheme. 
Then came ZENPHOne 2 Laser 550KL 
It satisfied my all requirements. Its a great gadget. Stylish, sleek, looks expensive, performance is exceptionally good for a phone under 10k. No LAGS AT ALL. 
CAMERA ISSUE: 
I was a bit skeptical about its camera output after reading some divergent and critical remarks. But let me assure you, the Camera works well. ASUS released two critical system updates ( each around 300 MB). As soon I updated the phone, I noticed a remarkable change in the Camera quality. Whatever the shortcomings were removed.  
Conclusion: 
A great device to have. Best SAR value. Good camera, becomes the BEST after a simple auto update. Highly recommended 
 Hey Guys, This is the first phone by ASUS in budget-lineup which attracted me in 2015. 
1. Am a college going person, where I couldn't have the option to charge my phone often - This is the beast among the battery life where the juice lasts for 1 and half day in power saver mode, and 1 day in Normal Mode.  
2. The Screen Quality is Great - Am Picky About the Colors when i get to read something. The Whites are Pure White.  
3. In-Hand Feel of the Device is Good as the Weight of the Phone is Well-Distributed. But as it is a 5.5-inch Device, i feel its very big to fit into my Pockets. This is reason why i lost my phone :(  
4. The Cellular Call Quality is Nice and Clear. I've made an average of 7-8 hours in a week.  
5. The Speaker Quality is the Biggest limitation, where it rests on the rear-side of the device and its not up to my expectations. The Sounding through ear-phones is great though.  
6. Am not a Heavy gamer and Camera Person. So, i feel those two departments don't effect me much. But it gives you the best shots in external lighting.  
7.The Zen-UI is lag-free and i love the touch-responsiveness. Its gives butter smooth experience.  
8. There's a lot of Bloat-ware by the Manufacturer and Third-parties. I don't like it at all. 
Finally I'd conclude this is the Best Android Smartphone in 2015. Unfortunately, I lost this phone in a travelling bus from my pockets. As it had a 5.5 inch screen.  
I doubt even the 5-inch variant should give the same battery-life?. 
 Someone suggest me some good quality headsets with mic which support this model as there was no headset in the packet. 
I have purchased this model few days back and it's very good to use specially its touch response is just amazing as its screen has gorila glass layer. asus zen UI is too good. without wifi or internet its battery lasts approx 2 and half days including normal gaming.
I just love this phone and luckily I have purchased it just for Rs. 8549 as as I got diwali discount. 
 I had ordered this phone on Nov.13 and got it delivered on Nov.19...shipping process was very slow..but thank god..they delivered it in good condition...i've using this phone since then...i must say this one is wonderful than any other 20k phone. Here are my honest reviews. 
1.Phone has very good build quality and feels great in hand. It never slips from your hand(I have black version). Back cover quality is good but not easily removable. 
2.Phone has 13 mp primary shooter with dual tone led flash and laser as phone is being promoted but i don't see any kind of laser effects. Overall pics quality are very good even in nights and low lights. Primary camera has 5 mp with no flash which is also not bad. Selfies are often excellent. 
3.When i read reviews of this phone earlier some people were complaining that the phone speaker is not that loud as in other phones, but here i am assuring you phone has pretty loud speaker. 
4.Call quality of this phone is amazing due to noise cancellation features. You can listen to call clearly. 
5.This phone has 3000 mAh battery which is more than enough. If you use this phone for just listening to calls it can give you unbelievable 3 days battery life. In normal cases, it gives you 1 and half day battery life. 
6.Asus has made its UI much much better than previous versions. Phone comes with many preinstalled apps from Asus. 
7.Phone hardware is amazing and keeps your app running smoothly and efficiently. There is no heating issue. It never hangs and there are no lags either.  
8.Phone has 5.5" of amazing screen with 720p display. It has greater viewing angles i.e.178 degrees perhaps.Pixels density is good. Video are pretty clear. I don't see any difference between 720p and 1080p video when i play it on this phone  
 Those who are buying their first android phone, they must buy it. You all will fall in love with this zenfone. No phone can give you so many features in this price. Thats all friends.   
 Before buying the phone, I researched for a good smartphone under 10,000. 
I found many product like Lava Pixel V1 , Xolo Black X1 , Lenovo K3 Note, Micromax Canvas Knight 4G, Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime, Philips i908 etc. 
But after heard about this product from Asus , All the above Items moved to trash from my mind. :) 
Then I Placed my order on 13th Nov. and Got it on 16th Nov. 
I was not expected such a great phone in the price range. 
Pros:
* Design of the phone looks more greatest than it looks on image.
* Very Slim.
* Even though weight is 170g , I didn't experieces it.
* Before buying I found many reviews that complains about Camera
 and Prox. Sensor,I Think they were got defective product. My phone's Camera quality
 is excellent and prox. sensor also works fine.
* Comparable to Samsung,Lg mobiles in range of 25k
* Thanks to It's Gorilla 4 glass which is Scratch resistant
* Lesser SAR value, but giving excellent call quality 
Cons [but adjustable for me]:
* Slight heating problem on heavy use.
* Need to charge 2.5hrs to reach 30%-100% 
I recommend this to all who searching for a high value for money smart phone. 
Sorry for my bad English, It's not my mother tongue.
Thanks for reading. Hope this will help you. 
 I have used the handset for 5 days, and very much satisfied with the quality of the phone. As every handset have some pros and cons, this phone also has some cons. but it is negotiable to some extent. 
1. Display
The 5.5 inch display quality is very nice, vivid, and give good color reproduction. And important thing is very clearly visible under sunlight also (100% brightness). Viewing angles are wide, but not that much. 
2. Connectivity
Voice call quality is very good, and the earpiece is very clear and loud. 
Network reception quality is also very good. And the good thing is both the sim supports 4G network. 
And WiFi signal reception is strong. And getting good speed than other devices. 
3. Camera
Rear Camera is good, but not that good what i was expecting, as it is a strong point for Asus Zenfone 2. Low light images are granny and have noise. But the daylight images are good. Quick and accurate auto-focus. But the dual tone LED flash is yellowish. Many filters are there in the Camera app. But the quality of front camera is very nice. A perfect selfie camera, in this budget. 
4. User Interface
ZenUI : Its the best Customized Android UI, i have ever used, lots and lots of useful features. No lag at all in the UI. And the device is optimized very nicely, always getting more than 700 MB RAM free, although 30 apps are installed in the phone including some are inbuilt apps and high end games. 
5. Design
Its really beautiful, slim (but not that much), not that heavy, and easily to hold, and the back is matte finish. And the back cover is removable. Overall its very nice. 
6. Batter Backup
This is one the main thing why i have bought this phone is battery. Firstly the battery is removable. The battery back up is awesome, almost 2 days of backup for basic user in power saving mode. And in high performance mode, almost 28 hours backup (gaming, music, surfing...) 
7. Heating Issue
This is the issue which maximum phones are facing. But this phone doesn't heat during making calls, internet surfing, watching movies, etc. But yeah it feels very slight warm during intensive gaming. 
8. Performance
As its a 1.2 GHz quad core processor, the gaming is average. Basic games like Subway Surfers, Temple Run 2, Candy Crush Soda and Saga, Sniper X, Unkilled, Dream League Soccer, all these running butter smoothly. Some high end games like Real Racing 2, Dead Trigger 2, Modern Combat 5, Asphalt 8 (played at medium settings), FIFA 15 running smoothly but some lag is noticeable. But games like are NOVA 3 are not at all playable. And i haven't noticed any lag during multitasking. 
9. Audio Quality
The loudspeaker output is low. But the headphone output quality is very nice. Though headphones are not included in the package. Tested with JBL T100A. 
10 Memory
It comes with 16GB inbuilt storage, out of which 11GB is usable. And expandable upto 128GB via micro SD, supports USB OTG pen drive also. So memory should not be any issue with the phone. And RAM is 2GB, out which i was getting 1.1GB free during the first boot. 
Rating : Out of 10
Design : 9
Display : 8
Software : 8
Performance : 7
Battery Life : 10
Camera : 8
Value for Money : 8 
Overall verdict : If you want a good budget camera phone with good battery backup and large display, then go for it. Its much better than heating machine like Mi4i, Yu Yureka Plus, etc. But it not for those who are very heavy gamer. 
 the touch sensors are crisp.
led flash is really good....
volume button at back works as selfie click button..
front camera for selfie is excellent and rear camera is better than lenovo k3 and mi4i at this budget and many features are given with caera application that other phones dont have.
battery life is good
no heating issues yet (after 3 dayz of buy)
no hanging of processor and good speed of multitasking..
thnq flipkart amd ASUS for this phone... 
over all fully satisfied..... loving it.... 
 i bought this fone after watching many reviewson youtube,and after using it for 2 days its the best fone in 10k i dont find any missing feature 
camera awesome
display awesome i have used amoled also but this is good one from asus,only low brightness levels are not good
touch excellent
i prefer this product and willl refer also 
 This product is good , But the rear camera is not as per standard. It not 13 MP standard.
Other features is good . But why ASUS has added many useless apps . 
 Recd the mobile by 29/10/15. Review after 2 weeks of usage, Mobile works flawlessly without issues. Able to play high end games in high graphics mode. 4/5 for the battery. 
 Mobile looks sexy and performance also good. Light weighted. Satisfied with the product. Thank you flipkart 
 This is the best 10 k that I have spend for a phone.
Short review after 1 month of usage 
Some Pros ans cons 
1) Display is great for the price little bit reflective when viewed outside
2) Handling- 5.5 is too big for me, but the curved and slim design will make up that issue...build quality is also great
3) Processor and RAM:- Good one for me as I do day to day tasks like browsing a lot, watching videos, music....not much of game addict...no games installed till now...
4) no heating issue
5) biggest of them all is the battery life...you will get around 5-5.30 hours of screen on time....getting 1.5 days battery life with 3g on all the time and heavy browsing and video watching...
6) So many features and settings in the UI 
Cons 
1) Camera is not that great...but not bad.....its ok for casual clicks
2 lot of bloatware...some can be uninstalled...most of them cant be uninstalled
3) volume back buttons...not good for me as it is so thin and took some time for getting used to it
4)no headphones in the box...nowadays for keeping the cost low, OEMS are going for no headphones policy... a con in my opinion
5) speaker volume is a little low...we can tweak some settings in audio manager to make it good 
I am loving this phone....I will hold on to it for atleast the next 2 years, if it works like this 
 Overall performance is good compare to other phones in the same range(Price). 
But the sound is not upto the mark.  
 Purchased this one for my Dad and he is very happy. Cool aaps. Faster work and getting very good performance on wireless. Best part it is on Lollipop. 
 First things first.. 
This was the first time i was disappointed from flipkarts delivery service. I had ordered this during the big billion sales.. so i guess the wait couldn't have been avoided. And it did come eventually(.. so yay!)
Now coming to the Phone.. It is an absolute stunner. I mean considering that i got it for 9.2k, it performs well above that price.
The screen (10/10) is one of the best features of this phone. It is simply so vivid, that i find it hard to believe that i got this at such a price. And the viewing angles are also great.
The battery performance(9/10) lasts well over a day ( with music, occasional videos, whatsapp, surfing.. pics etc)
The processor(8/10) is above average and till now i haven't experienced any sort of lag or heating(asphalt 8, dead trigger). Although i think it will if you are thinking of serious gaming( graphics in high mode).. but hey! .. that shouldn't concern an average user.
The rear camera(8/10) is excellent.. although the laser is not as spectacular as expected and low light images are not that pleasant to look at always. The front cam too does the job.
Zen UI (8/10) is good. I love customisations that i get too do.. but it can sometimes hang. But that's only if you heavily customize the phone. And most of the pre-installed bloatware can be uninstalled. 
It has two proper 4g enabled micro-sim slots and a sd card slot ( not hybrid slot as some people told me)
All the sensors work perfectly.
The phone feels great in hand .. despite of its size. 
So i guess that's all i have to say..
My advice would be to go for it. 
 Really very good phone. design and display quality is very nice. camera is very nice quick auto focus using laser. photo quality premium. Dual sim are 4G sim. i liked very much this phone. Asus quality is very nice. 
 This is my second Zenfone. (Return the first one due to some problem.)
I received this phone on 26th Oct. (Purchsed on 15th Oct Big Billion Day offer Rs. 8279).
I prefer this phone over K3 note cause of its camera quality.
But this time the camera quality is very poor, though there are no other problem.
I will rate 4 out of 10 for camera. 
 I had read almost all the reviews on this one before hesitantly ordering the phone and would like to add my two bits here. (after 5 days of usage).  
1) Nice 5.5 display with good colors and clean UI themes. (Lollipop) 
2) Smooth UI and performance. No complaints here 
3) No comments on gaming as - given my schedule - I have yet to try out. 
4) Feature packed - be it double-tap wakeup, UI configurability, one hand view. 
5) Clarity in calls & most importantly clarity in call recordings.
6) Minimal bloatware ( compared to what i have seen on another phone vendor) 
7) Some bloatware can be uninstalled but believe me you dont need to. Just disable it or organize it into some folder that you wont touch. 
8) Good battery life so far ( lasts 1.5 days easily on a charge with medium calling, mail sync in background, whatsapp etc) 
9) Music quality is good. Volume is sufficient enough for my tastes. Fiddle around with Audio Manager and u can have it some notches higher too. 
10) No heating observations. Some light warmth - which is usual on all phones is present during cpu intensive tasks ( like archive compression etc).
11) 10 GB free internal memory ( total 16 GB) - enough for normal users. 
12) GPS locking is very fast. 
13) Am a photographer with a DSLR and this camera ( if you go pixel peeping) is a bit noisy but overall enough for most smartphone photography needs. Suits almost all commonplace photo requirements and in fact i may use it for quick snaps on sunny days. Laser part - didn't find anything much ado about the focusing.  
I bought this, falling for the asus circle cover feature - yet to buy the flip cover to try it out ;-)  
Overall - a very good brand value for money phone. No hesitation recommending it to mature users who want a decent android smartphone experience.  
 These is a great phone .
Till yet no problem.
note: do not buy the temper glass it messes with the proximity senser 
 Received a defective handset that had an issue with the proximity sensor, even though the remote testing done by flipkart found the sensor to be present. It took some time for them to understand that having the sensor and the working of the sensor are two different things. After few mail exchanges, flipkart agreed to replace the handset. 5 Stars to Flipkart for that.
The new handset is working flawlessly and ticks all the right boxes. It delivers more than a budget phone both from the perspective of the specifications as well as the performance.
Have not faced any heating issue even when multitasking. Charging takes longer time due to 3000 mah battery. Use a 2.1v charger for fast charging. 
It exceeds the expectations of a budget phone. 5 Stars for the phone. 
 Got this phone yesterday and it has been really amazing! It's very lightweight and comfortable to hold. You don't geel its too huge in your hands. Both the front and the back camera have good quality with a lot of options! Can't wait to use the selfie panorama! Thanks flipkart! 
 big screen, very good camera, awesome battery.. 
in 10k range, i would recommend this phone for sure... 
 I had previously owned Lenovo k3 note.
Believe me this phone Zenphone 2 laser is far more stable and smooth.
Looks awesome and so is the build quality.
Screen has GG4 protection, it means its scratchproof not bulletproof.
Phone hardly gets heated up.
Camera is nice loaded with great features.
ZenUI feature rich and smooth experience.
Want a mobile for 10k , then look nowhere else.This is the PHONE. Go for it people !! 
 Good performance.
Good battery backup.
No more heating while charging and playing games.
This is my 2nd Asus product.
ZenFone 5 & now ZenFone 2 laser.
Both are excellent.
THANKS ASUS. 
 BEST MOBILE ASUS ZENFONE 2 LASER AWSOME CAMERA QUALITY AND FRONT CAMERA IS ALSO VERY GOOD AND BATTERY BACKUP IS AWSOME.......... GOOD MOBILE BELOW 12000 NICE .....................BUT ONE THING NO EARPHONES IN BOX IAM VERY DISAPPOINT ALL ARE SUPERB.THANKS................................... 
 Very good display. no need to worry about 720P instead of 1080P you can never find that its 720P. its better than some 1080p of this range. 
camera is reviewed negatively by some ppl. well thats not the case. take in manual mode it is really good. Anyway the digi cams has limitations on insufficient lighting. same applies here its not the fault of mobile. 
You will get updates and support from zentalk community. so be happy.you have place to share about your mobile experience.  
Atlast, its beautiful User nterface(ZenUI) will make you to forget its specifications while using it. What matters is performance not the specs numbers..  
Go ahead if you are capping your budget below 10k.
if you are ready to go beyond 10k, there are of course other better mobiles. :) 
 guys i've bought this phone before 3 days via flipkart app worth Rs. 9199.. 
main thing which i like d most is battery backup of this phone is just amazing which can't b compare with any other device ..its almost 2-3 days for moderate users with 3-4 hrs continuous songs , whatsapp ,fb , heavy games like asphalt 8, dead trigger-2 
just ignore those comments who r telling worst phone or any other thing 
camera quality is AWESOME...so many options R available in it  
& blv me sound is so clear n loud  
after new update from asus ..this phone became very smooth & touch response is very quik n nice..no lag at all  
full mark 10 / 10  
thanks 
 Awesome features, connectivity and body design, with good, not best, gaming performance. But many apps for app locking, ram boosting are pre installed in the zen UI, if not needed you can disable it easily. System updates and UI updates are regular with asus also. 
 Great performance while playing high-end games, nice battery life but speaker volume is very low you have adjust settings to gaming in asus audio wizard then volume increases slightly. 
 Before buying this Mobile I searched almost all videos on youtube and went for this one after comparing this one myself with my colleague's Lenovo Note k3 and HTC Model priced to 18k. Asus seemed better to me as my colleague also told me that battery life is awesome and I got the same one. As of today, I ahave been using this mobile for 7 days am really satisfied with this one. Mine last was galaxy grand although it was working better but after 2 yrs it was slowed down a lot and too slow to respond. Asus despite of 10k is much better in every aspects than samsung .so go for it blindly. I am really satisfied.If you think camera is not so good than pls go to google and some youtube videos or camera setting then you will come to know how to use its camera in a best way.Only con is speaker is a little bit low but call quality is awesome and too much clear as compared to samsung grand. 
 Compair with 2 Asus Models
________________________________ 
Asus Zenfone 2 4GB Ram (20k)
am used it .. it heat heavy ... low battery backup .. am wasted my money to buy it.. then sold out via olx 
Asus Zenfone Selfie (18k) - Seen Many complaints about heating .. its 18k/16k phone just for front camara ... so its a clear money waste ...  
______________________
asus zenfone laser 
___________________ 
its gives best battery .. lag free experience ... no heating too .... best cam clarity back and selfie too ... just 10k ... go for it ... 
 Got this masterpiece on 18th September. 
1. Nice build quality.
2. No heating issues.
3. Display is good.
4. Looks stylish. 
5 .Snapdragon 410 chip set handles multi-tasking quite good.
6. High graphics games can be played well on this device.
7. Excellent call quality.
8. No lags 
9. Nice Zen UI 
Well done ASUS.  
 Using This phone for almost 10 days and faced not a single issue...
Pros:
1: Excellent Battery
2: No Heating Issue
3: No Lag
4: Excellent Display quality
5:Gaming Experience is Just Awesome...
6: Best UI I have ever used in any smart phone
7: Good Camera
8: Overall performance is great 
Cons:
Couldn't say that this phone has any Cons at all... 
Great Phone go for it without a second thought.... 
 I am giving this review after using 1 week.Some people are complaining that proximity sensor is not working.It also happened to me but that is not phone's problem.That was the problem with screen guard.Actually there was no hole where sensor is available.So please make sure there is hole for proximity sensor.When i applied first time it did not work than i removed that screen guard and applied a new guard.Now its working like charm.Over all its an awesome phone.I just loved it. 
 you can go for it and there is no problem with this phone since i was using it from 15 days and nice packing from flipkart, delivered in short period of time 
Nice camera 
processor also good
fine display
sound system is poor 
no heating problem 
if ear phones are given means it will be good
you can go for it  
 i broke my old phone asus zenfone 5 and i had to plan to but new mobile i saw zenfone 2 in ads...i got it ..its very nice sound and display and color and speed of ram 
 Touch response is fine. Camera quality is not as effective as should have been for a 13 back /5 front camera. Yes, 2GB ram works fine. speaker quality while speaking over loudspeaker is pathetic.
Feels good to hold. 5.5 inch screen is good for facebook and whatsapp users. Battery backup is quite good. Overall a nice phone. 
 amazing... 
I am using this phone from last 40 hours. Here are the pros and cons i found out:- 
1. Excellent battery life. On normal usage it would last almost 2 days. With 4G on, whatsapp,music, Facebook still it lasted for more than 24 hours. So 10/10 on battery.
2. Amazing UI. I am a fan of zen ui. My old phone was zenfone 5. Lots of features like gesture support, tap to wake up and lock, themes etc etc. Completely lag free ui.
To UI 10/10
3. Though it's a large device and pixel density is only 264 ppi, still i could not feel the difference with other devices. If you look very close could feel the difference. I am not happy with the auto brightness sensor.with auto brightness sensor the screen looks slightly dull. To display 8/10.
4. Camera performance is very average. Asus is talking a lot about laser autofocus but what i feel in semi indoor condition photos are not coming out that great. It outdoor conditions it's just good not the best. To camera 7/10. 
5. Speaker output is weak. You need to adjust the bass,treble and volume to make it little louder. But the audio jack output is awesome. 
6. Gaming performance is decent. Games like asphalt 8 and dead trigger 2 ran smoothly. To gaming 8/10. 
7. Build quality is good. Thanks to the curved back. It has led notification. 
Overall this is a awesome phone to have in this price. Better phone than k3 note, mi4i and lenovo 7000,6000 plus etc etc. 
 I have ordered this phone on 16th September and it was delivered (as usual) before the expected date i.e in two days on 18th September. I might tell you this phone is a beast. Processor is very fast but there are lot of bloatware is. And yes you have to first update all the applications on your phone to get it going. Overall this phone is a beast, has a superb battery backup, got lot many features like the double tap wake up, gorilla glass 4and lot many feature that you don't get in costly mobiles in price range of 20,000 like the new Moto X Play(I have bought this phone recently from flipkart). So my opinion would be to go for this phone and you will never regret your decision. 
 Overall a great phone at this price range. But the Camera is not good very noisy in low light.
Be careful at while putting a tempered glass screen guard. The proximity sensor and double tap function maynot work. 
 This phone is really good in all ways if u wanna point out the pros and cons there is a little--
pros
*great display 5.5 inch and gorilla 4 and 1280 x 720 Pixels 
*great look and it is rigid
* u cant say the cam is very bad it is good and if u know how to use it.
*good battery life
* as u know given in specs great performance 
cans
*could have a better speaker
*No earphone available
* cam is good 
---------------------------------------------------------- 
and never FORGET THE BEST DELIVERY OF FLIPKART  
 Pros :-  
1) Amazing battery back up 
2) A very good 13 mp rear & 5 mp selfie camera produces sharp and clear pics..Very happy with the camera..!!! (after update camera quality improved) 
3) Battery performance is Excellent 
4) one hand operation feature is Good..!! 
5) Design and build quality is outstanding....!! 
6) No heating issue like yureka plus and K3 Note...!!  
Cons :-  
1) After putting screen protector or tempered glass on a phone, double tap to wake feature will not work...so those who are facing this problem remove your screen guard or tempered glass..I wasted Rs 250/- on tempered glass which I removed later and now using my phone without screen protector/tempered glass..  
2) I've been facing stuttering in music playback. The songs stutters about every 4-5 seconds. It's very irritating.. 
3) Charger wire is very short..!!  
4) No headphone available with phone (I am Using SENNHEISER - CX 180 for powerful sound effect)  
This phone is much better than MI4i, Honor X, Yureka plus,LENOVO k3 Note !!   
 1). Voice clearity 5/5. 2). mic 5/5. 3).Real camera in indoor 4/5 in outdoor 4.5/5 very powerfull led flash light. 4). Front camera 5/5 its awesome in indoor and outdoor. 5).Battery give good performance on standby it will reduce charge dry apro, 8% perday using over wifi very good not battery drying fast .....6). All the above the phone does not get heats.......yes 7), display is very good and hd and very good in bluefilter....some time my double tap to unlock does not work properly 8).Good ram but not for very heavy user i use more app its slightly slow for me....but for whatsapp and booting is good and fast.. 9).good sound its louder then other phones.....10) os is standard and good....good desine and easy to handle....the phone is over all ok for me....I wil give 4 star due to slight slow and for primary camera clearity...the primary camera good for look when u zoom it brokes  
 The phone is really Nice and thanks to flipkart for delivering the product before or I would like to say much earlier than the date of delivery.
I was really confused in buying a phone at a budget of Rs.10000.
I was in need of "REAL" 3000mah Battery phone which must be light in weight with 2gb-Ram,Min 16gb Rom and gaming support.
I am a Asus product user from last five years and Asus never fails to prove Itself in terms of performance.
Just watch "Sharmaji Technical" mobile reviews videos on youtube to remove all confusions.
Thank you flipkart
Thank you ASUS. 
 Over all the product was good but some issues are there. Please rectify and release best products ASUS all the best.... Well tried..  
I am writing review after using 30days , 
Every thing in this mobile is good like 
performance, 
dual sim network, 
SAR value. 
Only drawback is when compared to MI 4I and Lenova k3 note camera quality of Asus Zenfone 2 laser 550KL is not that much good & Bluetooth calling option is given to only one sim either sim1 or sim2 but not supported for both.   
I have pre ordered this phone through flipkart and I must mention that overall order fulfillment and delivery of Flipkart is just awesome. 
Overall a good phone. In some departments the phone is very good and in some it's just average or below average. 
1) Built quality is very good. this phone looks and feels sturdy in hand and also feels premium, Not very heavy and not too light either. Weight distribution is good. Does not feel heavy at one end. 
2) 5.5 " 720 p IPS Display with Corning Gorilla Glass 4 feels great. Color and brightness is just best in qulality. Touch is awesome. 720p videos (Expand) 
 firstly i like to buy k3 note but due to out of stock from many days,i ordered this phone and now i am so happy by using this product without any problem and far better than k3 note,no heating issue,good display,good ram,very good battery performance,good camera quality,smooth touch and zero lag.overall i like it 
 Overall a very good phone. 
Better phone than k3 note, mi4i and lenovo 7000,6000 plus etc etc.  
No heating issues. 
Built quality is good.Does not feel heavy at one end. 
5.5 " 720 p IPS Display color and brightness is just best in qulality.Touch is awesome. 
Excellent battery life.On normal usage it would last almost 2 days. With 4G on, whatsapp,music, Facebook still it lasted for more than 24 hours. 
Gaming performance is decent.Casual games run without any issue high end games are running smoothly too games such as gt racing 2,fifa and other high end games ran without any problem tried asphalt 8 in high graphics works without any lag but i wd recommend one to play the game in medium graphics works even better. 
ZenUI is very good and over my expectation. Look n feel is good. I would love to see a bit more Themes in the Theme store, a better secutiry app with app restrictions to use the internet but less preinstalled apps. Too many unremoveable preinstalled apps make this UI heavy taking up 5.26 GB after OTA update. 
Thus you get 10.8 Gb approx from the 16 Gb internal Memory.2 Gb Ram is good to have these days.Overall operation is smooth and crisp. 
This phone supports OTG (Tested) 
The sound quality is great.Audio wizard app makes it more amazing. 
Camera performance is better than other competitors under 10k
I am very impressed with the dual tone flash, it works very good. 
overall rating 9/10 
 Good looking
Day vision camera good not excellant (As per advertisement)
Night vision camera average
Battery slight heat while running 5-6 apps
Battery backup Average  
 Yesterday i got the phone Wawooooo.... What a phone for 10k... really unbelievable.  
1.Body type is perfect fit & finish.(Like Samsung, HTC....)
2.Battery life is long lasting. 
3.Mainly no heating problem.
4.Camera is perfect but not up to the mark (here we want to remind phone is just 10k.)
5.Other review i saw some guys are mentioned volume problem, i used this phone more than 24 hours really superb volume. 
Thanks to Flipkart & Asus for provide us such a wonderful phone. 
 Awesome!! Simply Awesome!! worth buying for 9999 and that to dual sim 4G. 
Loved the curve and mobile 
 the phone is awesome , camera clarity touch all are awesome. 
quick charging long life battery 
worth to buy a phone in 10 k 
i love this mobile 
flipkart delivery in one day  
 a superb phone..i am using this for a week and really happy with my new mobile phone...camera is very good both front and back,some people may have complained about the rear camera,i think they should buy a DSLR instead of a mobile. Even iphone 6 can't satisfy them.very good audio jack output.though loud speaker is nt so good bt it is bttr nd louder compared to zenfone 5.many people may first find that the RAM usage is more..bt i got a sysyem update 3-4 days after buying this device..and now >1 gb RAM is always free.battery runs for a much longer time.but one thing that i don't like is so much bloatware..so u have to customise it a bit.i also played ASPHALT 8 ..nd there was no heating issue..nd the game ran smoohly in high resolution mode. also finishing is very good.led flash is very powerful....nd then famous ZENUI ...so overall very nice 
 camera - slow saving speed, HDR not up to the mark 
#asus please give update with fixing all bugs 
2gb ram is given but on average 500mb remains free on normal use ... 
rest is ok ... best phone in 10k with given specifications 
 Writing this review for the folks who are confused between K3 note and Asus, 
Things you WILL NOT get with K3 are: 
1) Anti-scratch Gorilla Glass protection (If you drop your phone a lot, u need it)
2) Auto-focus on both the front and selfie cameras (Laser technology is superb for the front cam !!) and many more variety of shooting modes in camera
3) 3000 mah battery(which is removable) (100 mah more than K3 )
4) Zen UI interface and august 2015 release latest features 
5) the curved design (easily manageable in single hand)
6) the external card storage is expandable up to 128 gb (K3 is 32 gb)
7) very important you ll get 3000 Rs voucher for goibibo, you can book tickets worth of the money, so technically your Zenfone costs you 6999/- only ;-) 
Do not give a second thought or wait for alternative phones to get in Available status.
Just go for it.......   
 This is actually good phone for this budget. Camera and Internet speed is very good. Camera feature is excellent. Sound and battery back up is also very good. But little bit hitting problem is there and when I call someone abnormal sound is heard before the call gets connected. 
 the best phone under 10k, nice touch, beautiful design, good battery life, beautiful designed. also the camera is too good, (those who want DSLR like quality plz buy the camera not the phone). no heating issue, clear sound. 
some cons:
yes it take more than three hours to full battery charge.
no headphone. 
 Design: 
i'ts slim , slimmer than zenfone 5 everyone says that phone is slimmer despite of having max thickness of 10 mm, thanks to 3.2 mm edges . phone feels ultra premium . it is in deed slightly bulkier than zenfone 5 
Zen UI :
i love zenUI and Its Apps . Many People in the reviews had said that its has unnessary apps but if they were new to zen ui they had to know that app icons were only shortcuts to system settings. there were 5-6 third party apps they can be uninstalled.  
layer option in zen ui is great !! if you dosent like appdrawer type ui then you can swith to single layer ui like MIUI. There Are Losts Of Options in zenui you dont need to install applocker its the part of zenui . 
 Kids Mode and Easy Mode Are Great When You Give Your mobile to kids you can swith kids mode if you are giving your mobile to elders you can switch ui to easy mode . 
Zencircle is a good app by ASUS in which you can showcase your photography skills to world.
There were useful apps like laser ruler, asus heart rate , google now is very accurate . 
Zenmotion : zen gestures like double tap to sleep/wakeup is a killer. you can also customize gestures 
Asus Weather : this app makes me go ROFL .it gives a push notification that "ultra violet rage is very high outside please dont go out "  
Asus Remotelink pc app: This is a stunning app with with you can control your PC/Laptop you can use it as remote controller or wireless mouse !! 
Performance !!
I have played MC5 , BIA3 , Asphalt no lags . every time free ram available is 700-800 mb but there is no lags in the phone performance so no worries 
camera:
Yes , initially camera was noisy but after frimware update camera is amazing i can tell that its best camera under 20k range with the wide options it offers . you can vist zencircle and check the same 
Speaker Output;
if you are intellect engough to increase the voulme in audio wizard app thne its the loudest speaker in the price range.  
Battery !!
OMG OMG its written on the battery "3000 Mah LI-polymer " if you are a average user u will get 1.5 days . if you attend only calls and messages it will give upto 2.5 days. if you are a heavy gamer it will give you 1 day backup. 
Verdict:
if you look back after spending 10k on this phone. You will have a great camera , highly customizable ui , stunning looks , decent performance , monster battery What else Do you expect?  
go for it , i can tell that this phone will rock this year   
 I am using this phone for last 4 days and below are the good and bad aspects. 
Good :
1. Display (10/10) : Awesome, very good. Even any 1080p video can be played and graphics is superb.
2. Battery (9/10) : With normal use including video (2 hrs), 3G surfing (3 hrs) and gaming (Asphalt8 for 1 hr), it will last 28-36 hrs.
3. Design (9/10) : The phone is very good to hold in hand and looks great. It is not much heavier as it has 5.5 inch screen.
4. Performance (8/10) : I should have given 10 to it if the games are taking laser time than normal. But I have played Asphalt for approximately 1 hour with high graphics and it is working very good without any lags.
5. Heating issue (10/10) : It is not over heating when playing games or surfing net.
6. Zen IU (10/10) : Superb UI. You can configure most of the display settings as you wish. Also many themes are available.
7. Sound (7/10) : Sound quality is very good (but you will not get much bass). Also the speaker is not very loud. 
Cons :
1. Rear Camera (6/10) : I really disappointed with this camera. It is not like 13MP. It is taking good pics, but blur. You can also take good pics in low light. But when you zoom the captured image, it is not clear. I have tried changing settings also (with manual mode). If this is a s/w issue, hope Asus will fix it soon by providing a s/w update.
3. Power Button (7/10) : It is heard to reach this button as it is in top. But you only have to use this if you want to shut down or restart the phone (because of the "Double Tap" lock/unlock feature). 
At last thanks to Flipkat for their service. I got the delivery much before the expected date.  
 Better than octa core phones in same price range. 
Solution for common issues:  
Camera quality : Update phone s/w and camera app. Change resolution to 13mp from settings and choose 'fine' in image quality. 
Sound Quality : Go to audio wizard app and choose gaming, then click advanced and then enable dialog enhancement. If you need even more sound then change equiliser settings and increase bass and treble a bit too. 
Performance issues : make sure your phone is not on power saver if its lagging in games. 
Still speakerphone volume is a bit low during calls. Waiting for sw update. 
Everything else is great , even for a nitpicker like me. 
 asus zenfone 2 laser ZE 550 kl is very nice product .
Cast screen, otg cable supporting 
camera quality is good 
Sound is very nice 
Delivery of the product before dates delivered .  
 INCREDIBLE!!!
awesome phone I ever used
one of the best phones in the market 
pros
1.touch is good .sensitive display
2. Camera: the front cam is superb, rear cam average. but I am satisfied with it.
3.battery: BEST. no words . after heavy use for 6-7 hours, it consumed only 60%. 
4. no heating issue at all. after using for 3 hours with charging, still it did not go above 36% wich is the normal temperature in other phones.
5.some people were saying the speakers are worst. but according to me speakers are decent and clear.
5.call quality is awesome. 
6.hand gestures are responsive. 
7.display color is also best with 720p resolution.
8.the DESIGN. INCREDIBLE. no words. slim, fitting in the hand greatly. 
cons:
there are no cons I faced till now
1.power button they have placed in the top, which is little difficult to use still the phone have the double tap options. no worries about it.
2.charging time is worse.it takes more than 3 hours from 0 to full charge.  
no other cons I found in this phone.
best phone in this price range. go for it.
thank you 
 Looks good, nice Zen UI, Awesome battery life (easily lasts a day).
Camera output is good but not best.
Only Con is the output voice which is really really low.
Overall, very satisfied with the product. 
 The product is too good. The configuration is good for the this price. Asus is gain popularity in the market. For people who is brand cautious, ASUS is making its brand by manufacturing affordable phones with good configuration. I personally use Oneplus, i bought this phone for my friend. The camera is good. I liked the rubbery back cover. Only thing that I miss from the box is the headphones. Definitely recommended budget phone. 
 pros.
....................................................
1.good camera both (some people commenting camera is bad for them guys take photo in manual mode u will get awesome quality and super resolution mode it gives more detailing after zooming the photo)
2. batterry no issue
3.display good
4.loud speaker superb sound guys here also every one says it s not loud.....butttt guysss it is loud.. to get louder ssound u should do some steps that iss...
guys there is a software called Audio Wizard in the phone it is preinstalled just open the software and click on advanced effect there u get 3 bars volume,bass,treble
set the volume average and increase the bass and treble...then you guys reply me does it works or not... chill guys 100% works  
Soundddddd is gooood 
5.zen ui superb
6.overall everything is good 
cons.
---------------------------------------------------------------
1.consumes more RAM we gets just 700MB free :( : (
 solution: have to root the phone and disable the unwanted software 
2. No screen guard, no earphone
3. lots of unwanted apps
4. slowmotion video recording does not work properly (software problem,,,,,new update can solve)  
 This phone is extraordinary for the price it's being sold. 
Performance - 9.5/10
Battery - 10/10
Display - 10/10
Camera - 9/10 (could have been a little bit better)
ZenUI - 9/10 (beware of bloatware)
RAM Management - Around 1 GB is free once you kill all the running apps. (after the system update) 
It can outperform any other device in this price bracket. Thanks to SD 410 processor and 2 GB ram. Gaming experience is great on this device. Games like Asphalt 8, NFS MW, Real Racing 3, Modern Combat 5 etc. work flawlessly.  
Battery can last up to a full working day with normal to mixed usage. I was getting a screen on time of about 6 to 7 hrs. on full charge. 
The display is simply GORGEOUS. 
Camera is okay for the buck. The laser autofocus is great to use. But I feel that camera is a bit on the downside in artificial lighting but in natural light the photos come out to be excellent. The camera app provided by ASUS is also very feature rich, you are not short of anything. 
The ZenUI is a great feature rich UI to use. It is great to use for the people who are switching from stock android to custom UI. It's easy to use. It even has the one hand operation. But the issue is the bloatware apps added by ASUS, some of them can be uninstalled or disabled. 
It consists all the important sensors like proximity, gyroscope, ambient light sensor, auto brightness sensor etc. 
Call quality is excellent, 4G works on both sims without any issues, out of the box storage is about 11 GB, sound output is a bit low. 
Antutu Benchmark was 23424. (after applying the system update)
Multi touch up to 10 fingers is supported. 
Overall It's an excellent package for Rs.9999. It's more than enough for the buck.    
 Now this is what is called a revolutionary product, launched once in few years. 
Amazing phone in every department of performance. Though camera is a bit disappointing but I am hopeful will be taken care by ZEN updates in future.  
Packed with pleasant surprises, Its ultimate... :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) 
 I have Ordered on 28th Aug and and expected delivery date was 21 sept and i got it on 14 sept so quick delivery... packing was simple and completely satisfied... 
 Now when comes to device excellent build quality looks stylish... 5 out 5 design..
 battery life is good, attractive HD display... 4 out of 4 battery and display
 Snapdragon 410 processor is ok.. performance is quit good.. Camera performance is not excellent but its quit good for normal use... i would like to rate it 3.5 out 5... 
Overall I wanted to rate this phone 3.5 out of 5 but because of its price 9999, 4.5 out 5... Best phone in this segment.. 
 Phone is great ,awesome, good ui ,display, no lag, very smooth,feel good in hand.
Great phone for this range. 
 looks are very good for a 10k phone 5/5.
display quality is very good and smooth.4.5/5
sound is bit low but can be increased using audio wizard.
camera quality is decent,front facing camera was superb.4/5
performance is good thanks to Zenui and 2gb ram.
overall quality is good. 
 Super Specification - Extraordinary Mobile
I Love the Camera Features in 10k phone, 13+5 (Selfie is Super...:)
2 GB Ram, 16 GB Internal Memory... 
Cons : Blank Screen During Cal  
 great phone experience superb battery back up last for 2 days . thats surprising . front camera excellent ,rear need some improvement. if the volume button is at the side that should be more comfortable. i have some concern regarding the 3.5 mm jack . i tried sony headset but not audible . i am very sad about that . but all other things are excellent. i dont know what is the problem with the 3.5 mm headset.asus accessories such as case,earphones are not available .its in their website. but dont know where to buy it . please any body know please share it . 
 Its one of the best product in 10K range. 
Looks are sleek and sophisticated.
Performance is excellent and lag free
Sound level is a bit low even at max volume 
 good display, tru vivid color, good tone worth for this price, excellent battery on par with samsung, no heating issues, looks premium . offer unique styling so not a regular look , nice to hold, elegent.. only pros i find is average camera. otherwise better choice 
 SAR very low which reduced my headache while talking , battery superb + Gorilla Glass 4. only minus is worst delivery by delivera. My phone stuck with local warehouse for many days & they did not delivered after many requests. 
 Worth to buy , camera is good ,strong battery backup, large screen ,best phone in this range ,faster delivery 
 Awesome for this price range with all features. Quite superb battery life. No bugs found. Go for it!! 
 I am first time buyer of asus zenfone.After using asus zenfone for last 3 days i observed that phone performance is very good.i am satisfy with the phone spacifiaction but only thing which i dont like and that is camera.it is not upto the mark. 
 I am writing this review after using this phone for 5-6 days, No matter about FLIP-KART delivery first thanks to their team.About Phone
1. Display Best ever in this class below 10k
2. Camera Super quality 
3. Battery Backup Very Good last for 1 and 1/2 Day after use
4. Material Quality of body Nice best fits in hand well
5. Speed is very nice even NFS play's well
I recommend to my friends to go for this Asus Zenfone 2 Laser ZE550K   
 Pre-order Asus Zenfone 2 Laser & received the product within 9 days by flipkart & now using this great phone. Asus Zenfone 2 Laser is honestly good phone, Everything is perfect like Camera, Battery look, Built quality & Display too. Good phone with budget :) but output sound quality is little thin. 
 Overall Mobile and all the other features are fine, only one problem there is no head set in the box. 
 first of all flipkart rocks!!!!! coz i got my phone within 2 days of time.... nice packaging.. bt could hv been better...
i hv been using this ph for past 24 hrs... awesom display nd touch response...no lags or no heating prblm at all...battery back up is gd...loving the zenUI. only cons are... sound quality . It could hv been better ....... rear nd front cam is vry good wth lots of cool features... nd the best part is its good looks... really looks premium for a 10k ph. :-)  
 My device's Mic is not working properly.While making a call, my voice is not heard at the other end. I was asked to do a factory reset . I did that. But still it was not working. Then i was asked to visit service center where they replaced the mic and gave me back after 3 days. It worked for 2 weeks. now again its not working. I want to know is anyone over here facing such problem? 
 After nearly four months of purchase, the mobile was kept for charging at night and the very next day the internal display was damage. Surprisingly there is no single scratch on my phone and the customer service center at Lamington Road for Asus says internal damage is considered customer's fault. The phone was handled very delicately by my sister in law and it was a birthday gift.
If the customer doesn't damage the phone intentionally or accidentally and the fault is in the product itself then who is suppose to be responsible? Any experienced person can say after observing my phone that it is a manufacturer's defect.
Well the response from Asus International and Indian website is very poor. Actually there is no response at all. When I check my response status, it always says In Progress and they will resolve my issue within 48 hours. 
Very very disappointed with Asus (was one of my favourite company).
That's it.
For the Flipkart, I have no issues nor any complain as I always get all the help I need. 
 I bought Zenfone laser 2 weeks back . It was good . But recently i noticed Proximity sensor not working.Waiting for replacement one from Flipkart. 
Pros: Good battery back up.
Call clarity:good
Superb design 
Cons: Rear camera not up to mark(I was using lenovo A6000(8MP) produced better Pic quality. Front cam is ok. 
Guys please dont apply screen guard once you recieve phone. Wait for two weeks and then apply. Thats the lesson i learnt from this . Flipkart or Asus will not offer screen gurad. 
 It was a good product to choose as compared with others, delivered on time as always, and working all fine till date... Must buy, I ordered twice... 
 One of the best phone under this range. No heating problem. excellent features.One of the best phone under this range. No heating problem. excellent features.One of the best phone under this range. No heating problem. excellent features.One of the best phone under this range. No heating problem. excellent features.One of the best phone under this range. No heating problem. excellent features. 
 After lots of conversations, Waiting , Finally My product was replaced with a new one. Flipkart is not that much bad. But somewhere It creates problems. 
 i received defective charger.i called three times the flipkart executive.all three told me three different stories.because of non cooperativeness of executives,customer suffers.
a request to all buyers:do not buy any electronic item from FLIPKART.the phone is awesome but dont buy it fromflipkart.they are selling defective pieces..beware. 
 delivered 2 days ago ,
good mobile and everything is fine , no any issue 
flipkart need to increase their delivery speed . 
 I have been struggling with this phone since I bought this.  
There are issues with speaker and microphone. You can't hear the person calling properly nor can the person you have called can hear you properly. 
On top of this, when i raised the complaint with Flipkart, they refused to take any actions.  
On contacting the flipkart service center they told me to get a SIM card of a different network provider, saying that it's an issue with your current network provider. I still faced the same issue with the new SIM.  
They smartly continued to give indecisive solutions till the 30 days return period is lapsed and then say your 30 days return police is over and they are not liable for anything and need to contact the Asus service center on my own. 
When I told them I had called before for the same issue, they say they have no records of the calls made before and can't do anything since I am now calling 31 days after i bought it. 
I advise you all not to buy this phone or anything from Flipkart. You will regret it. 
 I have been using this for 4 days now. Great phone, great specs, awesome. 3.5 stars to the product but am deliberately putting 1 star so more people can read this & benefit from my experience! Am keeping the phone & hoping it will serve me a couple of years! 
3 star because of - low volumes (in spite of audio wizard, the volume is just too low, you will miss out on calls in traffic, festivals, etc), Since I have not worked on Android Lollipop before, its difficult to figure out what is Asus UI & what is inherently Android. Asus ads & many small apps are a pain. Overall more amenities but complications galore instead of simplifying life! 
Some issues which disturbed my weekend plans.... . I was not too keen about packaging & returning the phone back to Flipkart so ended up researching into issues myself. 
1. Proximity sensor issue - If you look at the tech specs guide which comes with this phone it shows that the proximity sensor is to the right of the Asus logo & the LED indicator is to the left (when you're facing it) but it turns out that it is actually vice-versa which made me assume that my sensor was defective. Asus/Flipkart have to fix this ASAP to avoid unnecessary wastage of their as well as our resources. Also the local mobile store guy also just pasted the screen protector on top which led to this sensor issue. However, when I finally was able to figure this out by myself I had already spent countless hours on trying to resolve this. Once I trimmed the plastic cover on the screen the proximity settings were back on track!  
2. Dialer not showing up during incoming call leading to me missing out on so many calls throughout the day - This was one of the most frustrating experiences & after hours I figured it out; more of an Android Lollipop thing. Go to Apps->Asus Calling Screen -> Show Notifications & it should be back. You will not be able to find this via search so go to Apps, then list of All, this should be a green phone icon. 
3. Flipkart has mentioned nothing about goibibo.com coupons which were supposed to be provided. I will follow up with them. 
Asus online rep after spending 15 minutes hearing of the issues ended the conversation by recommending me to go to a local service centre so not much of help. 
Flipkart's representative called back next day but ended up getting educated by my experience rather than the other way around  
 I Recived Product 4 days ago, Look is great, Too Happy with Hardware but phone has started getting error popup on Display "Unfortunily Google play store has stoped working"
I have requested to flipkart for a new pice, Flipkart denied to return in case of software problem.
Google play store Isn`t working, Unable to update or Install any apps
I am shocked, Now phone is useless for me.... 
 I pre-ordered the phone and received it around 7 days before. After using it for sometime I got to know the proximity sensor of the phone is not working. After contacting flipkart they told me to update the software and the issue still was not solved so they asked me other long procedures to do. After being tired of doing all the things flipkart executives asked me to do, I was fed up and decided to get the phone replaced. I was told that they do not have any proof that the phone is defective so they will not take returns. I told them about the hassle-free return policy of flipkart that says anything can be returned whether faulty or not just like all other websites. Flipkart said they did not have that policy and they will not be replacing or refunding the phone.
After 3 days of harassment I went to the local asus service center, showed them the phone and got it confirmed that it was defective. I asked them for a proof for this and I got asus service center employee requesting asus to take back the phone resulted flipkart finally taking the return, only this time I asked for a complete refund so that I will never ever buy from flipkart again.
Hope nobody else has to face this. And you think twice before buying expensive stuff from flipkart. Tomorrow they might even ask you for a proof of a shirt being wrong fit when you buy clothes from them. 
 I was so much worried by seeing fake reviews but now itz happy realization ..itz simply awesome phone and mch more better than 15k range mobiles. 
blindly go for it.....worth   
 worst camera quality don't buy this product. this is worst pone. it has lost of draw back.
poor battery backup 
 You should definitely go for it --
Pro:
Good Camera with Flash also has good access time.
Good Internal Memory and RAM which gives good access time.
Battery backup is good.
Cons:
No Volume control from outside. 
 I bought 2 mobile phones from Flipkart on 15-Dec-2015; Lenevo K3 Note for Rs.9999/- and Asus Zenfone 2 Laser for Rs.9999/-. I bought these from Flipkart after doing my research on other sites since they offered the best price. As a buyer/customer, I was happy with the purchase and price. Today (21-Dec-2015), Flipkart announced a discount of Rs.1000/- on each phone i.e. less than a week since my purchase.  
In my past experiences with other online retailers, whenever something like this happened, i.e. a price reduction within days or weeks of purchase, I called their customer service who promptly matched the reduced price. In this case, I called the Flipkart customer service, who not only refused to understand my concern but also responded asking what I would do if the price had increased. It's a no-brainer question and does not help in this situation!!  
I used to buy until now from other online retailers. I started purchasing from Flipkart recently in the spirit of competition and to experiment a new online retailer. I bought a TV from them for Rs.19,000/- 2 months back which I am quite happy with.  
However this most recent experience with Flipkart has been very disappointing both in terms of their pricing and customer service. If as a customer I can't be assured that I have got the best price in your own store, let alone other retailers, then I will not come back and buy another product from your store. I think it is a sentiment that any customer will echo.  
I hope the Flipkart management considers this review objectively and takes the necessary actions to remedy it.  
 i am purchase this phone in discount but i have compare camera same 4 asus laser phone
my camera is different from other and shows bad result.so plz check and my display not 
bright is yallow sad in disply........so check quality of phone  
poor quality in discount time product not good in this time i have this problem second time
so plz check you can face this problem. 
 phone have heatiing problem....
very bad audio quality...
I lags very much....
a kind request plz don't buy this product...  
 process:- as it has 2GB ram, but always 1.2 GB is used by process.
Camera :- Rear camera result is less than 2MP camera result of other mobile 
I am using Samsung mobile, compare to samsung this mobile is good as process wise but the camera result, some of sound setting is not as expected on this mobile. 
 If u people r using TELENOR SIm kindly don't go for Zenfone 2 Laser ZE550KL.  
This product is not for Indian People. Asus have cheated me. In their product they are not mentioning anywhere that "Telenor" bandwidth is not supported.  
 First of all im happy with the flipkart delivery and discount on bigbillion days. I got my phone deliveded before the expected date!! 
Actually ive read all the reviews on proximity sensor prob with the device. I too had the same prob. Also ive contacted Asus service center where they said the internal board might be misplaced so my device is defective. I have applied for a replacement and got my new device which is perfect. Thanks to flipkart! 
Those who have the same prob after getting ur phone out of the ear try pressing the screen at the proximity sensor and the screen will wake up. If not your device is defective. 
Now coming to the phone. This is an awesome device with premium look and performance. The touch is great and screen is smooth. Love swiping the screen!! The display is superb eventhough its not a Full HD.  
High end games go sweet without any bitter (lag)! No lags No bugs with the performance and ZenUI. The updates that they provide is a cool advantage for those concerned with the android OS.  
Camera is way too good for macro shots. You get many options which u might learn to use and get the best out of it. As far as the general shots are concerned u cant expect any more they are pretty decent.  
Battery is one thing that makes you feel crazy! You should be a hardcore user to drain the battery within a day. It stands out too well for a smartphone these days. 
The build and Quality is just superb and I Love that concentric circles which is a unique Asus Design.  
Overall the conclusion is that those who look for a budget gadget with features I bet you will love this device. Thanks!! 
 I just got the phone 9 hours back. Phone is looking impressive. configuration is really good. Good in all aspects. Only thing is lots of bloatware. Best phone to buy in the 10k range. 
Thank you flipkart for fast delivery. 
 The Asus Zenfone 2 Laser is the best phone to buy in the sub-10K if the camera is your priority, but for anything else, you would be better off with the Lenovo K2 Note. 
 solid and sleek build
friendly user interface
good camera quality
excellent battery
very low sar value compared to sets like lenovo k3 note
asus must include a headphone which is not there
good sound quality
fantastic buy at 9999 
 I am giving after one month use , phone is good in this price range ,Before buying I searched a lot, then come to conclusion for Asus & Lenavo K3 but latter one was out of stock so I went for Asus Zen 2laser ,I am happy with the performance.I will recommend................. 
 camara is not proper working. frent sensor is no working. i replace mobile but second heand sat is same issue.new issue in second hand sat no work wifi.bad exproence for asus 
 Wonderful mobile at this cost. Nice experience with ASUS ZenUI. No words to explain. Each and every time i use mobile, just loving the apps and their performances. No negative points.Auto start manager is an very added feature. No need of separate apps for some requirements. I am just stop reviewing here because i am gonna play with ASUS. 
 Bought this phone last month. 
Till now I am satisfied in the perfomance,
Cool Camera
Nice display
Taking time to open apps.
Dependable battery. 
I got 3000/- go cash in goibibo account which is a total waste.
Then after somedays I got a mail, in which they have mentioned I won a "Zenpower" in "MoreWithMorya" offer and item will be delivered in 2 weeks. But till now I didn't receive the Zenpower. Real cheating from ASUS.   
 using science one month. nice touch excellent battery life rich look no heating issue. 
camera (it is a phone not a dslr) adjustable.
audio is good but not best. 
 Asus zenfone 2 Laser ZE550KL is very very nice, but proximity sensor is not working. Camera quality is missing & blur photos are coming. Battery back up is good without using internet. Slightly heat is coming.
Apart from this the phone is working really well. 
 Here I am going to write a true review about the ASUS Zenfone 2 Laser. 
I am using this phone from the last 30 days. Here is the pros and cons of this set.
pros: 
1) The sound quality of ASUS is good but the loudness is not as much as you expect.
2) The HD video quality is awesome and I am fell in love on it.
3) The front camera of 5 MP is truly beyond your expectation and a lot of thanks should be given to ASUS for it.
4) There is no touch issue of this set
5) Sensors performance are very good
6) asus has given corning gorilla glass 4 in this set which makes the set much more stronger
7) The user space in internal memory is about 10 GB which is quite satisfactorily 
8) The OS given in this set is almost latest. (android lollipop)
9) The flash performance of the camera is very good
cons:
1) The battery backup is poor, the battery power gets drain very fast
2) The processor performance is not so good, the phone will gets hang sometimes specifically whenever your are going to play a game or run multiple apps in parallel
3) unnecessarily apps are updated which makes a memory wastage.
4) The rear camera of 13 MP is like the rear camera of 8 MP in Microsoft Lumia.  
 Pros Light in weight, build quality good,Camera picture quality good, no heating issues.
Cons More asus apps which are not useful and cannot be deleted, Complicated features, PC link do not work. 
 Mobile is good but...
1. While using camera for about 2 to 5 minutes battery temperature is crossing 46 degrees.
Both front and back part are getting hot at top portion. 
2. Rear camera is not like 13MP. Lots of grains in pictures.  
 Hi All, Brought this product 2 days back, Thanks to flipkart for.Over all product is good, Those who are looking for a budget phone under 10K can simply goahead and buy this phone. Here are some Pros and cons 
Pros:
-2GB Ram,16GB ROm & the processor quite good
-5.5 inch screen & Corning gorilla 4 is Great. 
-Looks Royal in Hand with Build quality,Size & Rear view is simply awesome
-Though power button is at the top, No Prob, There is Double tap to Wake & Sleep
-Battery Backup Guys, Its Simply Mind Blowing, Wooooowwwww 
-Latest version & Zen UI is so customizable
-No Lags while doing multitasking
-Speaker Quality is great and its so audible 
Cons:
-No Screen Guard/Head phones in the box, Though handsets cheaper than this are providing headphones/Screen protector like Lenovo a7000/a6000 plus, Mi2 etc and those are not available in after market even, Not even Back covers/cases are not available. Very sad about this. Flipkart is not even providing special offers to regular buyers even. So upset about this
-No Customizable LED notification
-Takes Much time to charge Battery full(15-100%) 3 Hours, OMG
-Lots of Bloatware
-******Camera, The LASER function which is provided doesnt work. 
Finally Guys who are thinking to buy a budget phone with lots of features under 10 K can buy this, Instead of going for Meizu,Yureka Plus, K3 Note.  
 no any mobile compare to asus very good performance this phone 
1.battery back up is 2 day
2.no heating no lag
3.camera is very good  
 The phone comes with 5.5 inch display! pretty big for a 10k phone! you get 900mb-1GB free RAM space without any installation of apps!! though you can block unwanted apps by clicking auto start manager which is the best i say!! got 2 updates with in a week!! one z of 540 mb and 430 mb wich are helpful and added more features like laser scale and additional power saving modes!! phone doesn't heat at all even playing games like temple run,subway surf. no lags at all..lots of themes,fonts are available.. regional languages are also supported!! apps like zen support,my asus will let you know updates,assist,problems,troubleshooting,tips of your model!! LASTLY an awesome phone where i likd it alot.. but the PROBLEM is that,due to lost of apps pre-installed it may get hangd after usage of 10-12 months!! 
 It's pretty simple.I have used this mobile for 24hours I found nothing cons in this mobile.. It has a good battery life and backup..
The camera performance is simply super and the sound quality is also good. 
Nice budget phone in 10k..   
 Good phone, no heating issues, camera is ok, performance is good, double tap screen is good, 
But system needs 1 gb ram for its own, only 3 to 4 hundred mb ram will remain, i have moto g2 it has i gb ram, but still get 3 to 4 hundred mb ram free ram, overall good product, accessories are not available in the market, 
 Considering the specs....itz a great phone........u can have everything like 4G, 5.5 Display, 13 & 5 MP cameras, 16 GB & @ 2 GB and 3000 mAh battery for only 10K. But the one and only disagreement is about the sound......itz low standard......At least they should have provided Ear Phones. 
 Worst phone in the market.. Dont buy..nokia 1100 is better 
 Laser ZE550KL is phone is great performance and look, software then etc
Except Camera and battery performance. Battery is average is ok, but camera not at 13mp just for 5mp thats all... 
Oterwise phone is super under 10k...
If you buy this phone more time think and buy... Thank you 
 worst phone in asus zenfone series
camera quality is very poor 
it has 13mp camera but even we did'nt get 5 mp quality
selfie is good
battery backup also good
comparing to Asus zenfone 5 & zenfome 2 laser
Asus zenfone 5 is more more better 
 Pros :
Good battery backup.
Nice design.
 Cons :
Average camera performance.
Sound is extremely low and poor with earphones or headphones.
Display is dull with video playback.
Hangs frequently.
 4/10 marks. 
 this mobile gives feature of double tap wake up and lock but now double tap wake up is not working...... 
 screen is good 
speed is good even in 2g 
camera is wrost i have honor 4x they give good result 
battery drain fast in night also no running background apps and no net reduce 6% to 8% battery 
 Oh... This is one of most wanted phone. 
1) The Zenfone 2 Laser features thin 3.5 mm edges and the iconic ASUS concentric circles with 0.13 mm pitch at the front and rear key. This Design makes the phone very sexy..
2) Awesome battery life with Li-Ion, 3000 mAh. All smartphone user want a good battery.
3)OTG supported
4) Here have extra Laser Auto-Focus
5)Corning Gorilla Glass 4. 
**Cons
1)Speaker output is worst.
2)It have 2 GB RAM but we get only 600 MB-1GB free,this problem make me disappointed.
3)Having unnecessary app pre installed,it is bad,it comsumed much ram. 
Note: I see ASUS update is available, anyone done this update? If yes please share your experience. Are u get more free ram?
I Give rating 4/5. 
 The phone is awesome just the charging is slow.
But dont underestimate its performance.
Its camera speakers are just out of the box. 
 I dont understand why companies mess with the stock android. and then they dont let us remove their ugly apps . whats the point. 
Moto g series was a success becuase everything about the phone was easy to use and there was a lot of freedom. it was simple but with Ausu. its so complicated. I wish they learn something from Moto series. My next phone is not gonna be an ASUS :( 
 valueable product according to money features are pretty good undifined quality as compares to other i am really thankfull to fli[kart to give me that special rpoduct that is what that i actually want 
 It's an awesome phone with mindblowing performance..Got the official Marshmallow Update Yesterday...Go for it guys. 
 Screen, Performance, Battery, OS, everything is god damn superb. There is no competition for this piece of technology. So much facilities yet so cheap price. Excellent! 
 Superb phone... nice phone, great camera, really great deal in 8500/-. I also recommend this phone to my friends. 
 Hi,
This phone is known for super battery power but I am not getting it. My phone's battery is coming down 100% to 10% in 12 hour counted that I listen song for 2 hour and mobile data on for 1 hour and wifi on for 2 hour.
My other friend also bought same phone 4 months back from flipkart only but he is getting good battery backup, I got inspiration from that only and bought this one. Could you please replace the battery, I think this is used battery or something is wrong with this battery.Other than that phone is good as per price.
Thanks. 
 Not just for the budget buyers... Works Well.. Writing this review 7 months after purchase......................... 
 This has all the necessary features and is an excellent buy at the price. But yet, I did not really like it. It is good in all departments but not excellent in any. And somehow i feel that this phone has a higher SAR value, keeping it close to my sensitive left ear hurts. My husband does not have a problem though.
I had a Lumia earlier and this is my first Android phone, and even with all the horsepower, android seems to hang more. 
 Very decent mobile, I feel very happy about the screen, very comfortable HD screen. After bought this mobile I'm using most time instead of my laptop. this is gorilla class, but if u hold your phone under jeans pant font pocket have a chance to get some small lines. I experienced, So better to use some screen guards. I tried tempered glass but lost double padding screen lock. Check before applying tempered glass. Then good for multitasking, u can check mail and read some pdf books and chatting with friends, everything is smooth with 2GB RAM. Battery is really good, if u used mobile data with 3G/4G drain faster, so wifi is a good idea for long surfing, battery can stay upto 20 hrs with full surfing. The Zen interface is cool. Processor is good for my level (I don't play Asphalt 8 in this mobile) I feel less satisfied only with sound, even this is good. I got it from WS Retail, I like this seller, fastest delivery than others  
My rating after the usage of 2 month is
display 9/10 
battery 8/10
processor 7/10
sound 6/10
camera 6/10
s/w updates 9/10 (Asus is good here) 
 after 6 month of using this product, is good quality of battery and display only one negative side is phone comes without handsfree. 
 1 month I have used in purchasing this mobile in Flipkart. Delivery is awesome. But service is pathetic. Please don't buy this phone. 
More than pros, cons or more. 
Cons.
1. Battery drain fast.
2. Mobile hangs.
3. You can't dail numbers in single click.
4.internal apps are more. Many are not required.  
 Amazing mobile with gr8 features.... Excellent camera quality in the price range of 8K-9K.... I exchanged my Nokia Lumia 720 at gr8 price... N Happy with performance of Asus mobile.... 
 good looking phone with top class features. I was purchse two set of the same 
almost 8 months gone no complaint 
in my view under 10k it is best phone 
 Love you ASUS , thank to ASUS for such a nice phone, thanks to flipkart outstanding battery backup,nice display just outstanding  
 Writing this after using it for one month, the phone doesn't meet my expectations. Camera is poor, sound quality also very slow.many times applications are opened automatically. Quad-core processor is so slow. Only the screen is good and also the touch is working f9. Moreover I doesn't recommend for the product. 
 Over all Asus zenfone 2 laser is Good.
1 Camera clarity is very nice. Click image opning prosees slow, selfie camera is very nice 8/10 
2- mobile inbuilt hardware is not strong,5/10. 
3- zen ui software is very nice, software features very great. In mobile screen double tap is LOCK and Unlock function is very nice, software 9/10. 
4- battery performance is very nice. 8/10 
5- look and design is very great 8/10. 
6- mobile speaker is overall average good not too bad, ear speaker is very nice clarity 7/10 
When Flipkart offer this mobile 15% off you don't wait get this mobile now.  
 ZenFone 2 laser.. super and budget phone for all... no hand no heat.. 
 ASUS zenphone 2 is very nice product. Picture quality, voice quality is wonderfully. Its perfect phone. I will advice to purchace this product. 
 Pros : 
No heating.
Sound is good.
Front camera is good & rear camera ok.
Good battery back up.
Price below 9k.  
 good product for this price and it reached the destination before the scheduled date, which has added extra flavour for this product 
 Loved it .... by using this phone.... camera is excellent.....I bought this phone 5 months ago.... but still now there's no problem....all. going well... hope will do good 
 Awesome fone...
Yet used in this price and my suggestion is to all,that just go for it... 
 working very nice even today as like it worked on first day...thank u ASUS for this nice product... 
 V good phone fantastic beautiful and gives high performance.Very much impressed with flipkart 
 I've been using this phone from last 4 days and I'm pretty satisfied with it's performance. The battery backup is good and the overall performance is also good. I have not faced any issues yet. 
 Supperb phone. Good picture quality, good sound also.easy to use .Asus is best but please provide basic earphone with phone. 
 Nyc phone 
Good battery 
 hats off for flipkart dilevery.
now for the phone i will say this has the best camera u can get in 10000 rs.
general performance is also good.
i would highly recommend this phone. 
 fully satisfied, its a beast in hand, have everything in this what we expect for day to day activities, awesome smartphone 
 i have purchased this product 1week back and got this product within one day from the time booking it.....good looking and better performance 
 Good Phone. Good battery Backup, easy to hold in my hands. and yah, Flipkart's good service............ 
 Hi All, 
I am not able to make Conference Call due to display is off during calls.Rest of the things are good. 
 Superb Mobile !! Very good and stylish !! Worthable for this price !!  
 i am satisfied with the phone but , i did not get the head set with the pack.. the product should be reviewed by the flipkart before delivering it to the customer 
 I love every much it was nice package and the in good condition also value for the money 
 1. Have Good Bet life...
2. have Good Build Quality(Gorilla Glass and Touch response)
3. have Nice Feture like Theme manager fro asus..
4. Have Good speed..
5. Sound Quality.
6. Upadtes From Asus... from my side it is better than lenvo k3 note and other phone whcih have same price.. 
 Awesome mobile from Asus Brand.The tag itself says insearch of incredible it is true.There is no other mobile comes in this price with these features.I completely fall in love with the asus UI and selfie camera.Go blindly with this product worth for your money 
 If u want a good phone unless u r game addict n want a high quality pics n great camera because these are some concs of dis mobile.Great service by flipkart,delivered in two days only and hats off flipkart .great courier n customer support facility.  
 no headphone given..rest the phone is excellent..stunning looks..handy and good battery and camera..touch is so smooth.. 
 Camera is just brilliant,so is sound quality..display is impressive,battery so so...Free RAM should have been more considering 2 GB RAM in specification sheet.call quality & audio speakers is just about perfect...overall value for money,no heating issues or lag so far.ASUS ZENUI is absolutely amazing,good gaming experience,all in all worthy product in my opinion.Go for it. 
 I've been using it for 6 months now. I have to say I'm really impressed. It is real value for money and It won't disspoint you. The looks, Camera, UI, Ram Or gaming performance is quite decent and really great for its price range. If there is one thing I'm not really impressed with which is the battery. Its by no means bad or anything its just not great. slightly above average I would say. And camera is quite decent . But the pictures captured in low light settings appear to be little bit grainy. So keeping all that pros and cons in mind I would definitely recomment you to buy this device. Its the best device in this price range. so just go for it. 
 Hi , 
Its been 4 weeks that i purchased this phone and overall it is a good product , Alhumdullilah
Camera : OK
Battery : Good
Performance : OK
However my screen broke even though the phone did not fell
Screen : Not good   
 Phone is good , decent battery backup , great performance. I'm a satisfied customer. 
You must've gone through the pros  
Cons:- 
1. No earphones
2. Grip is not very good in hands
3. No back at three buttons.
4. charger quality is not as good as expected. 
Decent budget phone. Go for it. 
 Delivery was a day late but that's okay.
Cool phone. With great camera. Auto focus works amazing for close photography, not for distant one. UI is good. Front camera is alright But lacks Video recording. Sound is good as well. But Asus doesn't provide earphones with it.
Charger is of 4A. Charges faster.
Speed is good. 
 The phone is good and I did not see any lag while using it for day to day work.
Pros: Performance, Display
Cons: Too many bloatware, average camera 
 Best phone is 10k no other phone sin 10k have capability to capture great pictures like laser 
but 2gb version maybe u need more RAM in future so of ur a heavy game user go for 3gb version 
 thanks for the product. i would recommend this device to all looking for a budget camera phone................................................  
Only few issues 
But after using 6 months phone getting hang.. regulary.
Camera quality and music is not good as compared with others 
 recent mobiles have heating issue and this phone score over that.. the things which i liked about his phone is..
1. Huge 5.5 inch display
2. fast processor
3. average battery backup
4. very good useful preinstalled apps
5. very simple and easy to operate... 
 Prons- Performance, Battery, Look, Price
Crons - Rear Camera is not as good as front camera. 
Over all this product can be purchased who dont want Camera quality, and who wants to play games. 
 1) - Camera Good.
2)- Screen Awesome.
3)- Features best than Samsung J 5 and Moto g4,................................................................................................................................................ 
 Very good... compared to Samsung galaxy on7. It is a good one  
 Good one, no complaints so far. I am not using this mobile, but the person to whom this was bought for, seems to be satisfied. 
 Just Being ok doesn't means its under rated. But Not a great one 
 phone is very good..delivery is super fast..everything was nice except that the package seems to have been opened before since there was dust on the phone screen and some manufacturing marks on the phone rim.. 
 Its Awsm product. all filter is very atractive .
nice camera
awsm bettery picup
superslim atractive body
worth of money nice price under 9k 
 A wonderful phone with one of the best in class features.The only problem being ASUS should provide headphones and screen guard as basics.The phone however exhibits no lag and had been a wonderful experience using this device and there are features that you'll just love and never get bored. 
 Excellent and timely delivery as promised. Product is as per the description. Phone performance is also good. No issues. 
 I purchased 8 months before. Now phone is hang some times. And mic is not working sometime. Otherwise ok 
 Nice phone.......I fall in love with ASUS ZenFone 2...... . 
 Usability perspective it is worth the price. But it hangs some times. And recently, phone has got a mic problem. Service center has changed the sub board to repair the same. At the current price it is definitely worth. 
 Overall Nice Phone.........
Camera 13MP Rear & 5 MP Front.. 
But Actualy its not take good quality photo.. 
 Hi everyone, 
I brought first mobile before 1 year after that I brought 12 mobiles ( zenfone 2 laser 5.5ze kl). And I fell very good mobile phone including all features & under rs.10000.  
 good piece of handset!
Good at performance
No issues so far
features are excellent..........
Good justice the price as it is a worth of the price............ 
 I like this as I use it. I bought this phone after inquiring whether it has a removable battery as I am a big fan of mobile phones with removable batteries. I have never bought one with a non-removable battery. This phone comes with 100GB of google storage free for 2 years. To my surprise, the ASUS service centre people assured me that they will replace the battery for free as it has a 1-year warranty. Your network provider will give free data usage packs often with this phone. Giving one year warranty to a phone is really surprising these days. I LOVE ASUS - (englishvenu) 
 The couple of issues are:
- Battery charging from 10% to 100% takes 3.5 hrs
- Colour shades are not original. I mean white back ground colour is not pure white but it's off-white. Hence the other colours also have slight creamish/light yellowish shades. This is only noticed when you compare the same picture/video on this mobile & other mobiles like Redmi Note3, Micromax, etc. who have pure white back ground. I tried different options in Settings-display-screen colour mode but it's not resolved. 
 another good product from asus.. after 4 months of usage i dont feel anything bad about this phone.. as other asus zenfones it also comes with a awesome ZENUI which is the best part of every zenfones.. 
 Everything goes great with few lags at times just need few updates to be even more efficient but zen ui should be alot more good looking esp caller screens 
 Its an amazing phone. Really. I have used a lot of smartphones, but couldn't get so much satisfaction like this before. I am using it for 5 months now, couldn't find any problem. Very fast and very powerful battery backup. 3hrs charging and u can use it whole day. So in this price it is an awesome selection. Go and buy it. 
 Pros:
1) large screen.
2) blue light filter.
3) good front camera. 
Cons:
1) the sound is not that loud as compared to other phones.
2) its full brightness level is like 78% of brightmess of other phones.
3) graphics are not that good as compared to other phones of this prics range.
4) the home/back key are not backlit.
5) Doesnt include earphones.
6) Proximity sensor creates probpems many times. 
 phone is good but not great around 10000, these r few thing I felt could have been better
1.there are so many pre loaded apps which may not necessary
2. desing is not great 
 Very nice phone everything is good in phone but ..... after using 30 days i faced white spot problem on my display... i gave this phone to customer care of asus ... only one customer care in indore city ...it was shocking...they installed defected display piece ...i was in hurry ...so i never checked mobile on service center...after coming home ..i saw that white spot problem again ...please ...i request ..do not do ..and i am big lover of asus never spoil the brand name   
 those drawbacks are mobile data is not working in this mobile... & sometimes charging power also not connected... in this mobile good things also there .. charging is good nd camera is superb only front cam, less weight mobile.... 
 good phone.....it has no problem......asus made a amazing job
.......................................................................................................................... 
 Best mobile in last decade I ever used . Touch, look, net speed, & all features very nice. Very friendly. Every one should have one. 
 It is ok, value for money. camera is good. Rarely it is getting hanging. Budget Pnone. Not costly one. 
 I am a moderate user and it seems to fulfill all the needs. There was some issue with mic for some time but resolved with update, now its working nicely. Call clarity is good and battery last for a full day. Never tried any heavy game but whichever tried performs well. camera performance is good and different modes increases its usage. Never faced any kind of lag with user interface. phone feel sturdy and solid with great looks.  
 Bought this for 8500rs. Excellent deal.. 
PROS:
Good performance, Excellent battery life, UI gestures.
CONS:
Medium speaker volume, Average camera performance in low light.  
 I purchased Asus Zenfone 2 Laser more than 3 months. its working good but some times the Mike was not working properly and remaining things was good  
finally I am satisfied with this product... 
Thanks 
 Phone gets overheated when camera flash is been used for more then 3min and at gaming time also(temple run)
My friend has a same phone, but its not getting any problems the way like im getting it.  
 I bought the phone 6months back and now my phone's software is crashed and get stuck in boot logo. Otherwise it is good with battery backup and camera clarity. 
 Very Good phone............................................... 
 Awesome phone. Awesome speaker sound. Even better than 15000 plus phone range. Camera is satisfactory. 
 Nice phone..given its features its price is reasonable. value for money. 
 Very nice and smooth phone from Asus thanks flipkart and Asus 
 Very good phone... i just love the mobile... good camera nd speed... battery is awsome... 
 Very nice phone
Nice feature s nice touch 
Good camera
Nice sound 
 Best in the world i use it its having a decent camera a gud battery life an 
 Nice product Asus Zenfone 2 Laser ZE550KL affordable price 
Thanks to Flipkart for such an awesome phone..
Battery performance is good Performance is smooth , i was running apps , music, internet, games And yes no Heating problem at all
 ASUS has provided various pre installed apps , all of them has great utility specially apps for camera 
 Pros are asus ui, camera, display and the cons are too heavy, lacking problem 
 Definitely one of the best in this budget.
13 MP primary and 5 MP front camera are better than the others.
I would say that the sound should've been looked at. 
 Nice phone version support very useful battery very good condition 
 No big deal. Just points for features.
Camera: Better than Coolpad Note 3
battery: Enough to keep you going throughout whole day.
Selfie Cam: Thank God! it comes with all beautification options.
No lags at all, using for 5 months. 
Cons: Bit Heavy, buy premium feel scores well. 
 Good Mobile at this price, good display and camera. Good Battery Backip. 
 Good, recently I doubt on battery backup ... was having some issues I feel 
 Asus is best phone camera quality is beautifully battery backup soo quit i like asus zenfone 2 lazer 
 The camera is good. Good sound effect. Overall worth of buying. 
 Good product in all respects for the price. I am already owning 3 Asus Zen phones and this is the fourth one. Durable, fast and handy. Picture quality is exceptional and well appreciated.Battery life is more than good. Flipkart service is exceptional and with quick delivery. 
 This phone has very low sound quality. Volume key placed in back side is not ergonomic. 
 Amazing Phone........
 Everything is superb................. 
 This phone is very nice 
All features are excellent 
Camera is superb 
 It is really good...phone battery is awesome...delivery of flipkart is quite good...  
 Nice one good battery backup performance and display so good 
 Gud phn gud display gud Betry backup and sound quality is very gud  
 Good product at affordable price. Good battery backup....... 
 product is good to use and very user friendly, flipkart delivery was also fast. 
 Good phone with this price,...................... . ........ 
 Superb at this price. Loved this phone . never lagged or any performance issue. 
 I bought this product ASUS ZenFone 2 laser,a good product ,good quality,good performance 
 Good camera quality.best performance,good looking, no hang and all about best quality. 
 Good one..... Battery life also good....... Less weight..... 
 Good camera....... worth the price... The best thing is the battery.... But wish more colors were available 
 Good product for this amount . ......................... Love it 
 Good budget phone....I have been using this for past 10 months and I havent had any heating issues with phone. The built quality is also good.
The camers isn't good enough as u expect. Loudspeakers are also not good. 
 Good phone under 10 k but heavy weight need to change outlook 
 Good one. Worth for money. Quick delivery. Nice mobile. Asus great. 
 Am using this mobile since 6 months...its really gud. No complaints as of now  
 Best phone ever......" :) loved itt !!!! Amazing graphics..... Best performance....... Superb camera :P 
 Vry superb mobile, gorila screen lolved it, anti touch, camera quality pakka superb, wifi streangth vry low, dual sim, battery 3000 superb standby mode amazing.. 
 Good performance. Good look. Overall a nice, must have phone. 
 Good to buy and also nice phone to use. With to buy and good 
 It's a good product in this range.
Battery life is good compared to other phoes in this range. 
 Very nice product... have been using it from a few months now... 
 Product is so good. Well delivered within 4 days.Thanks flipkart. 
 It is the most worth phone under 10k. Evertthing is superb..  
 Really awesome mobile in cheap price battery is very gud everything is superrbb 
 ZenFone laser is good phone which is very smooth to handle. Processor is great working without lag .thanks to flipkart to delivery the product at right time 
 It doesnt get hanged, can highly multitask and defnitely worth the price 
 Nice phone fast n good. Its the best in its range of upto Rs.10000 
 Awesome phone .worth of money with superb battery backup and awesome camera quality.loved flipkart timely service.  
 I m loving it awesome phone camera quality is manageable but still a good phone 
 Nice phone.. no issues with the phone yet... it performs well. 
 Nice mobile phone its a great deal to boy delivered on time with zero defect  
 Super phone with awesome specs... Go for it. Reliable phone from a reputed brand 
 Awesome mobile with such a cheap rate.Buyer can show some interest and buy this mobile 
 At 1st I'm telling the cons--->
Major RAM issue...Even after booting the phone it shows about 600-700 MB of free ram only...
Gets little warm when using the camera for a long time...
The snapdragon 410 chipset is bit old so ASUS could provide a better processor...
Now telling the pros--->
Zen UI...Its way better than any other UI's...
Great camera at this price range...Low light shots are good in manual mode...
Great Battery Life...
Dual sims supports LTE network and the expendable memory supports up to 128 GB memory card...(But it's not going to support low frequency LTE connection,check it in the description before purchasing)
As I mentioned about it's RAM optimization in the cons section, the good thing is the phone doesn't lag at all and its pretty fast, I'm playing Asphalt 8 and few other games without any issue...
Sound isn't that loud but the quality is great...
Decent Display with Corning Gorilla Glass 4 protection which is 2X better than its predecessor...
The touchscreen quality is great like premium phones...
The phone doesn't heat up while gaming or doing any heavy work except using the camera for a long time... 
Update---> The phone performance is very poor...Games and apps are crashing frequently...Sensors aren't working properly...Calling issue...So overall its a very bad experience with this device...I've requested refund...Gonna buy the Redmi Note 3... 
 Good quality sealed product 
Safe package good good
100% original. 
 Super phone less price but phone is hanging .sound is not good 
 best phone in this price range...love it..all things good.... 
 Really good phone at this price. Camera OK type but user interface really good. 
 Nice model with effective budget, good picture quality, clear pics, Easy to use 
 Great phone....nice camera..front and back camera quality is very good 
 Nice one for this price 
Camera quality is good 
Design is different 
But it is more weight compared other devices 
 Good mobile, with good decent specifications. n ya it does not heat. performance wise rocking. 
 It has been a month now I m using this phone working really good amazing Battry life n m in love with its camera 
 Mobile is good, on time delivery. Satisfied with the product. 
 NYC mob phone I was using from sep nothing issue occue yet.. 
 Good battery life ,awsome camera and worth of price totally its an amazing phone in budget that too under 10k . 
 Nice phone. Good at this price range.. no issues till now. Ok 
 It's nice... flipkart delivery date is accurate and the device seems good... 
 Nice mobile for this price ..less sound .display good ....... 
 Nice mobile..and have been usinf it for an year without any issue 
 It's heating. I charged the phone today and it's getting heated while normal use. Its was too heat that I felt that would burn my ears when I get a call. 
 Good Product. Works well. And features are good. Fast charge. But still gets too hot sometimes. 
 Good in that price range
Simply awesome , slim design 
And a good work done by flpikart 
 Excellent phone... Camera is very nice.. Battery backup is also good. Happy with my purchase 
 Good phone....
Good backup....
Best performance...
Buy and enjoy ..... 
 Good mobile under 10k.camera is too good.No front flash.touch is awesome. 
 Good one. Long lasting battery. Decent performance. No system hangs. 
 Excellent nice product, wonderful battery back up looking smart ease of use 
 awesome phone and speed delivery from flipkat and i got cash back also
and still im using.. 
 Loved it...great performance for the money. Satisfied with the stylish look 
 Hi  
I have purchased and the product are best quality , no lag in my asus phone , 
 This is a great mobile phone for middle range.
Good performance. 
Good camera. 
Good speed. 
 Best budgeted phone at this price. Should be the first choice if ur budget is within 10k 
 A phone with awesome features. Complete value for money. Camera is also good. However, sound output is low. 
 Best phone ever by asus. Good battery backuo and good multitasking.. 
 Good one..quality of camera is too good..overall a good one with a minimum price. . 
 Screen quality best and camera first class or mini movie facility 
 Nice phone to have..Gifted this to my cousin . He loves it. 
As of now there are no issues but hearing from friends saying that the speaker might go faulty if it gets old. 
 Awesome phone..i m using it from past 7 month...no issue till now 
 Good phone at this price range. Only disappointment is the gorilla glass broke by just one fall 
 Camera is awesome....a bit of lag seen ..
Battery is ok
Gaming performance is also good  
 Perfect mobile it has good features front camera and back camera is also two good 
 Good mobile to buy at good price..
Good features and good battery..  
 Worth 4 this price range, Good display , average camera and the speed is also quite good. 
 Superb phone with great specs
Good camera
Good battery backup
Regular updates 
 Good product..but some problem occurred n later on I exchange 
 Good buy for this price.Good front and back cameras.Have heating problem 
 Asus zenfone laser is excellent phone in 10k category. Very good display, no heating issue, good battery life, smooth touch screen & above all excellent camera. Really a must bye phone. 
 Super phone but handling is little bit difficult compare 5 inch phones 
 It is so nice battery backup also very very good camera clarity also very good condition 
 A very good mobile under 10K neat design and easy to hold and excellent battery backup and camera too... 
 Great phone..with great..specs..best at this..price..range.. 
 Nice Mobile, great camera and good service by service center people.   
 Good. Awesome display and excellent performance. A bit heavy though 
 Excellent product. Very good quality and feel. Does perform well. 
 Very nice good looking and performance no heating very good to catch and extra battery performance no issues frm 6mnth 
 Guyz I brought this zenfone 2 laser variant having 2gb ram. For price of 9999/-
actually initially I ordered Lenovo K3 note. But I cancel the order after two days.
Because of high SAR value issue of Lenovo K3 note.
& I brought the Zenfone 2.
My experience with Zenfone 2 is not good. After 5 month my phone faced sudden death also its sim card get unavailable in roming areas..
Next bad thing is that there is no service center of Asus mobile available in nearer in Pune.
Only one service center available in nearer to decan..That too difficult to find out its location.(But service given by them is good. People are good attended all queries) 
About Zenfone user interface.
Phone design is really good.
2 GB ram is good enough.
Battery life is good.
Screen touch is laggy.
It destroys the interest of gaming,
Ring tone volume is very low. You cannot hear ring if you are not nearer of phone. 
Overall looks are elegant but Asus need to work far more to make phone performance wise good . My fist phone was moto g 16 gb ram brought from flipkart( has to say performance wise it is far better than asus.)  
 Good features for this mobile.good camera13.ram 2 GB.front camera5 mega pixel. 
 Very Good product. Got on flipkark with wonderfull offers. Using it since last 5-6 months, no issues till now. 
 ASUS ZenFone wonderful product and clipart delivers it nicely 
 Good cell worth of money collected 2 piece of same product better then cheap 
 Good mobile in 10k range and gorilla glass 4 is awesome and value for money 
 Good for 9k
Camera quality is good
But Sound is little low
Compared to other phones specifications are less  
 Its getting slow after 3mnths of use..dont know the reason..not too many apps installed 
 Product is good as per the price and no lagging and camera quality is great.... 
 Awesome product i have got on my birthday working nice......  
 Go for it superb phone awesome battery backup n vesry smooth performance. Power bank feature is also god 
 Its a awesome mobile handser in my life i loved it and looking so nice 
 Good phone for sub 10k.
Except for minor heating problem the phone is a good option 
 Awsome phone but Low Sound puts it down Awsome phone but Low Sound puts it down Awsome phone but Low Sound puts it down 
 Really a good phone .. worth it's price :) handy, stylish .. 
works fine
good processor 
 Best phone ever seen and used. Just go for it. Good battery back up more than 24hrs even under heavy usage. Best camara and speaker. 
 Value for money battery life is very very good it's very good product  
 ASus mobile is great mobile. Zenfone series is awesome. Service also ver nice. 
 This phone will act very likely to you.
But after 6 months camera will make you cry and your phone will seriously heat and crashes when you install Facebook on it. I dare to keep it on my mobile..
Planning to buy a new mobile. 
 Using from last 4 months cool phone problem is in calling but other all feature are perfect 
 Excellent phone with extraordinary features .. Within 10000 I like it most 
 It is a good phone .But after some time lags a lot .......camera quality is ok....but not so good ......touch is good ....speaker quality os ok 
 This mobile is feeling little bit big , features is average . 
 Awesome.battery is good.perfect gaming phone.camera is perfect  
 Awsome phone every thing is good
Thanks to flipkart the product was deluverd in 3 days
We dont get earphone and sometyms phone hang 
 Every thing is superb.Front cam is better than back camera.Front camera Awesome 
 I m very much excited to see the fastest delivery of Flipkart
such a nice phone i was expecting 
thanks for full filling my dream flipkart :) 
 Superb Phone @ a great price...
Got my phone 7days before...
First I wanna say,flipkart has the best courier facility among all...
And the product I got is best in its class 
 Best product and reasonable price. Super performance and best battery 
 Nice product 
Thnk you Flipkart
Good customer services & delivery 
 AZUS ZENFONE 2 LASER ZE550KL IS NOT GOOD AS ASUS ZENFONE MAX..BOTH COMES SAME RATE 
 I like camera. It got many options. It also got very good themes. I love the design more than anything  
 A good phone at its price. Flipkart deliverd it in time what they mentioned
 Camera quality is just ok ok 
 Very Good phone.
nice looking.
super battery life..
best camera.
little bit heating problem.
selfie camera beauty mode nice . 
 Too many apps, the phone gets stuck and it's processor is slow 
 With gorilla glass 4 you are safe and with 3000mah battery is huge for a day 
 It's a great phone with less budget.thank you flipkart for bringing such excellent smartphones with great service.  
 Very Nice Phone... Good Battery Backup.... Nice Camera....... 
 Its very nice..
Good camera quality..
Specially for selfie.... 
Battery backup is average...  
 Using it for 5 months now superb camera with laser clicking photos faster. Android processor is also fast for multitasking and battery goes easily for 1 full day. 
 Best Android experience...but some time mobile lags.. else 5 stare 
 Hi I have been using this phone for the last 3 months. Till now i haven't encountered much issues from the phone performance. Once I encountered an issue with the touch screen sensitivity. It was resolved after the phone was re-booted.
Totally its a good phone and its a good-to-go choice if you are looking for a budget phone with max spec. 
Pros:
Excellent front cam. Can take as much selfies as u like :D 
Cons:
Faced a slight delay in performane when using high ended apps like drive. 
 One of the best lo mobile i have ever used. Nice performance and excelent battery backup 
 Bulky phone with loads of bloatware.. Better options available for the price.. 
 One of the best product under 10k with great display and camera go for it guys dont worry 
 nyc phn...
camera is gud...
othr things are also ok....
hope that it ll last long 
 It's a very good product...I am very happy with the features available in this product at best price from asus...good service from flipkart.. 
 Worth buying at 10K. Loved it :) 
Awesome camera quality, loud sound and good battery life. With the Gorilla glass 4, use your phone without any protection for screen. 
Better than any other Moto or Lenovo phones in this range. 
 Nice phone 
Battery life is good 
Screen quality is very good 
 Excellent phone great battery backup best camera quality very best phone for its price 
 The camera quality is awesome, specially the high resolution mode. 
 Good to look and size is good to look annd operating is very easy 
 Really incredible cellphone, but it's phone immediately demanding update. All function work properly. 
 It provides decent photographs with a long battery life. Never runs out of memory with 2GB of Memory in it. Very stable and does not hang. 
 It is a good mobile worth spending high quality good sound amazing display 
 Decent phone though a little heavier.
Only drawback is low ringtone volume. 
 Awesome phone .
 I really love it
Awesome quality pictures. 
Fast performance 
 Very nice phone..gud toch..big screen size...luv it..price worthful 
 Satisfied with the product. Good condition no hacking. Great processor and front camera and back camera Gorilla 4 glass finish. Andriod 5.1 
 Hi , I am using this ASUS laser 5.5 from 8 to 9 months with all applications and its works fabulous no battery drain no hanging etc ... after watching my mobile two others were purchased same mobile. Now I am planning to purchase one more same mobile .congrats for ASUS ZenFone and thanks for Flipkart. I hope ASUS will similar brands in coming time .  
 Good average mobile Battery is ok.
We can hear less volume while speaking.
Camera is ok.  
 Best battery backup,Best camera,no heating issue the best 9k budget mobile 
 Nice awesome stylish phone.............. .... .... ... ... .... ... 
 camera focus is great in low light but some time blury images.and lil bit lagish..built quality is great.  
 Good phone. Good camera quality.......... Good baterry backup 
 Good features for budget
Good camera
Good battery performance 
 Nice display,design is very good but camera is not too good.  
 Its a nicw mobile phone to use .Moreover it s cost effective and user friendly. Also it s a budget mobile phone which support all apps . 
 Good phone with useful features at this price ..but sound quality is not good.... 
 Using this phone for 7 days.
Good battery life for 3000mah battery. Many people find Snapdragon 410 as a con but for me it feels good because it use less power than other high end processors and the processor isnt bad either. also hd display use less power than full hd display and i have to say this displays output is really good. so what i'm trying to say is u can enjoy the phone for more time than many phones in the same category. Awesome camera too. 
Try not to update phone because i find a lot of people saying some issues regarding proximity sensor etc. and i got nothing. i feels like the update is doing all the trouble. Anyway its up to u.  
If i find anything wrong. i'll write again. 
 Value for money.the product is good and an awesome buy under 10k 
 Best ever. Continue using this for few months. Loved the mobile 
 It's a overall good phone....camera quality is good but it should have been 32 GB internal  
 Superb phone n great delivery speed !
No problwm till in mobile 
 Great phone at this price
I am loving it.delivery was up to the mark  
 Best camera phone in this range. But the latest update for the camera is worst it domn my camera clarity. Good backup also 
 hi,
i am writing this review after use of 3 months. first of all, hats off to battery backup.
UI is good. it supports OTG also that great
value for money 
 Awesome phone camera quality is very nice using from past 5 months 
 Excellent packing and product is more than average for the budget assigned. Can't expect more than this in this price range.. good mobile in its range. No issue in the mobile all these days.. running well and good. Go for it. 
 If I categorize the rating in the below 5 major segments, the rating will be-
1) Processing- 4 Star
2) Camera- 4.5 Star
3) Display- 4.5 Star
4) Battery Back-up- 4 Star
5) Sound Quality- 3 Star(Lacking behind the Xiaomi and Lenovo Mobiles)  
 Very Good phone............................................... 
 Value for money phone. Good looking and very good performance. 
 Nice and fast delivery packing was nice and good it phone is nice it working good no heating problem camera is nice in this price   
 Great phone. Loving it. Nice camera. Everything is perfect. Thanks flipkart 
 Awesome product...everything is present in this phone.Superb 
 Very nice product from asus. Good performance, battery is very good, camera is average, but in the price range we can't expect more. 
VALUE FOR MONEY, 
Go for it blindly....... 
 Going good....
No problems yet...
Got it just for Rs. 8099..
Happy... 
 Mobile is good and amazing and easy to handle .look also beautiful 
 I bought it in 9000rs . It's a good deal thank to filpkart.its dimensions are more than other 5.5 inch phones that why some time it's getting tough to operate it with single hand but over all screen , camera sound all thinks are good 
 Extraordinary performance this mob is better than moto editions 
 hello friends,
 I have been using this shoe for about months. 
BUILD - 4.5/5
DISPLAY- 4/5
SOFTWARE INTERFACE - 4/5
CAMERA - 4/5 
GAMING - 4//5
HEATING ISSUE- NON (5/5)
VALUE FOR MONEY- 5/5
YES I RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT.
HAVE A NICE DAY. 
 AWEWOME MOBILE GO FOR IT;No doubt no defect bilkul pakka mobile love it 
 Best phone for daily use. Handle almost daily usage like fb whatsapp etc. 
 Great phone has amazing battery thanx to flipkart the delivery was fast
Best phone in the range of 10k 
 Thanks filpkart in 9000 you cant get better than this. Loved it . And once again thanks for delivering in just one day and at time . Keep it up . Asus is awesome for gamers. Must buy thing. 
 Nice phone. Camera quality is very excellent. Look is also good. 
 great phone ever 
An amazing Product by Asus, Bettery never goes down. It works till 3 days. I have brought another phone from Flipkart fro my friends. He is happy . 
 Good gadjet but sometimes it strucks lightly and light heating problem but price is good and ram also sufficient and it hardly gives 8 hours charge i always use wifi 
 this phone is just awesome phone in this range.. works perfectly.. never lags nd its camera is quite cool 
 A very nice product with attractive peice.I am just loving it.The best smartphone I've ever used in this price range. 
 Super good phone......got it for 8400.
Camera is its USP.
Design is too good. 
Best phone in its range. 
 Asus Laser 2 fast and smooth.
Camera quality is good.
Games are running woth no hazzle.
Chatging is faster than its earlier models
Happy to have this phone. 
 Nice product in this price segment.camera quality is also good.processor is a little slow.storage is just average.otherwise a nice product. 
 Its an awesome phone.
Very fast response
Fast charging
Good in RAN Management 
 Awesome phone in 9k budget .smooth touch.great camera and fast processing, good battery life. 
 Asus zenfone2 laser after all reached to my hand.I was waiting for 
 Awesome..using from last 5 months,no problem faced till now. 
 A good phone for best price, good battery, good in camera quality under this price range. 
 Awesome phone.gr8 quality camera.features are extraordinary and phone in range of 10000 with highest featurea. 
 Touch response is gd..very low radiation..totally worth for your money 
 A very good mobile under 10K neat design and easy to hold and excellent battery backup and camera too.... 
 Valur for money, the camera is excellent for outdoors, good for indoors 
 Using from last 6 month .. just saying in one word awesome phone :) Keep it up ASUS 
 Nice phone good battery and clear display but camera is poor built quality fine 
 One of the best smartphone under 10k budget....nice camera with attractive look 
 Excellent phone with great features at nominal price. Battery, camera, sound is at its best in this category 
 Good Product. I am using it from the the time of launch. thanks 
 Its an awesome phone for the price...
No laging initially...
Very smooth operating...
Battery easily lasts for a whole day for normal user...
Camera is good...
Asus apps are very nice..
Zen ui is the best..
Just go for it...  
 Very good looking and stands tall when it comes to performance 
 Nice product. Good software & hardware. Excellent battery backup and performance too. 
 this phone is awsome if you update your phone camera is good in daylight but we can only have below 1gb ram .overall very good phone. 
 An amazing Product by Asus, Bettery never goes down. It works till 3 days. I have brought another phone from Flipkart fro my friends. He is happy . 
 im using this phone from last 5 months,
this is a very good phone
camera is awasome, battery backup is also nice,
phone look is greate, and the asus gui is awasome  
 awesome phone in 9k budget .smooth touch.great camera and features 
 Good phone with nice features especially in the 10k budget . The camera, speed & crisp display make the user happy,.  
Value for money 
 Two Major issues I came across:
1. Mic fails to capture voice due to software glitch. You are forced to keep the loudspeaker ON if you have to be audible to the other end listener. If loudspeaker is OFF, then your mic remains off. I tried updating the software as per suggestions online. It worked for a day and again it developed the same issue. 
2. I tried couple headsets which worked flawlessly with MotoG, but Zenfone failed to even recognize it when plugged in. 
Haven't closely observed any other thing so I have no comments on that. 
 Very very good phone at such a price. Very good all round performance. Camera is very nice too. 2GB RAM provides good support. You can customize with the very beautiful ZenUI. 
 This phone is very nice . If you want a hardy phone go for it. Because i am using last 6 months and awesome. Great battery back up also i downloaded movie in wifi via torrent. Camera is so so. Value for money phone. No hang no heating issue . 
 I am a moderate user.... few calls, little gaming, little browsing, checking score, mobile banking, movies, using shopping apps, occasionally video calls... and this is the perfect phone for it... 
Cons: 
*Good Battery LIFE lasts more than 24 hrs
*NO lagging at all (i don't use any heavy games or apps)
*NO Heating Issues
*Call quality very GOOD
*Zen UI is AWESOME
*Email is working great, synced with my office email.
*AUTO power saving mode activation based on time and battery life..it is very useful my phone automatically goes to power saving mode during night time(user changeable time settings).
*Double TAP to wake up phone.
*Laser focus camera with beautification mode and other useful modes.
*Front camera is just cool it captures great selfies... 
Cons:
*Charging takes 4 hrs from 0 to 100 % after the latest system update it takes 3.2 hrs
*Camera quality is not so good in indoor
*Speaker sound is good but compared to other phones it is low... One should use an loud ringtone if you don't want to miss any calls. 
* Not full HD only HD screen, but for this price it is ok. 
IF YOU ARE AN MODERATE USER THEN THIS IS THE PHONE YOU SHOULD BUY  
 Excellent packing and product is more than average for the budget assigned. Can't expect more than this in this price range.. good mobile in its range. No issue in the mobile all these days.. running well and good. Go for it. 
 Good one with this price range.
Performance is impressive & good battery life with average camera quality.
Best among all with this range. Go for it... 
 asus-zenfone-2-laser-ze550kl is the best phone in these price criteria, no hanging or heating issues, RAM always showing 61 - 73% as used even after cleaning memory and memory boost function,and when playing mp4 video files the sound was very low to listen,but finally i found one icon on the app Soud EQ we can increase the audio/video volume by using this settings, now the sound is far better than samsung J7,battery is getting 2 full days even if full time net using. good choice for 5.5 " screen 2 gb ram and 3000mAh Battery @ 8999/- 
 writing this review after 4 month using of phone.
Every thing is good in phone, battery last 2 days with heavy use.
Thanks 
 Very good... Thumbs UP product... 
Good battery, almost a day last... 
I liked the product very much. 
 Yes It's Asus Laser..
Nice Mobile.Comfortable Your Hand.
Fast Focus Camera.
Model Design (Silver Finish)= 4.5/5
Camera = 4.5/5
Display = 4/5
Speaker = 4.2/5
Performance = 4.6/5
Battery Performance = 4.6/5  
 Purchased few months back for one of my friend and its performance is really superb!
Totally worth it! 
 Happy with the Purchase, bought it for a friend as gift, he is happy for the performance. Weight is more compared to other brands within the same price range, little heating problem. 
 Hardware is actually fantastic for the price, but at the price of bloatware inclusion. Asus' customization over the stock Android is ugly and not as responsive. 
 Good battery backup and very good camera.. 
 I am using this phone since four days & this is my initial review..
Of course flipkart delivery is fast..In 3 days I got my product..and well packed..
PROS
1.huge battery which gives 1&1/2 day backup on normal usage.
2. 5.5 inch 720p screen but ppi is okay (267ppi).
3. Gorilla glass 4 
4. Price..Under 9K one of the best 
5. Not heating that much
6. Well built..strong body..curved back which gives good inhand feel 
7. Best camera..lots of options..Both front and back are awsm under this price (9K)
In daylight we can get good shots with 13mp camera...laser autofocus is good enough..
8.Sp 410 chipset is good for casual games but not for heavy games.. 
CONS
1.volume buttons placed at back..when we attach flip cover it's tough to use volume keys...
2. Phone is little heavy
3. Sound output is not that good..
4. Display is dull compared to other 720p phones..
5. Black colour has rubberised finish at the back compared to other variants..I feel plastic or metal back is good to hold.
6. 1 amp charger which is provided is slow enough to charge this phone..takes more than 3 hrs to full charge 
Note: Phone is okay but not 100% satisfactory.. 
 I am writing this review after 3 weeks of usage, let me go with all the features one by one:-
1.Performance
For 2 GB Ram along with 1.2 GHZ Quad core processor, it gives you very much satisfactory Performance. I am not a gamer but i install more apps and used to do Multitasking always, so far i have not found a single lag and Ram Optimization is also good 
2.Display & Touch
Give this Phone to any of your friends and ask them to predict the price based on display and touch, they will surely say more than 12K.I am quite satisfied with display and touch response, the colors are bright and beautiful.I have used Samsung galaxy s3 before this but believe me guys ASUS is on Par with it. 
3.Battery
What can i say about this feature? I rate this as top feature in this phone... For an average user with Moderate internet usage, the full battery stands for 2 days and even for a heavy user it should stand for a day. 
4.Network & Connectivity
The call quality and signal reception capacity is so good and 3G/4G connectivity is well received. WIFI connectivity is always on top. 
5.Music and Sound Quality is very good and having the volume rocker behind the camera is nice 
6.Camera
This is the one feature which lags behind from others.. but still a decent outing is possible with both camera.During sunlight the pictures are top notch but at low light always grainy. 
Overall, for the 9K amount invested, This is the best phone you could get and on par with all the phones below 15K.  
Note:-
IF you are big camera lover this is not the phone for you, but i chose this phone after months of research with my budget around 15-18K and finally zeroed on this phone.   
 it is awesome phone.. The hardware is so well synchronized. If you are a heavy gamer then this mobile is not recommended. For light gamer, this is more then anything.. Infact no phone is better than the asus zenfone 2 laser.. camera is good at this price with laser focus. Nova 3 is not played well. 
I play a lot of COC. The mobile doesnot heat up much.the Zen UI is a good one. 
 i brought the mobile from flipkart in feb and in may the mobile started heating and get restarted continuously for half an hour. please gice suggestion what to do. 
 Superb product,, touch feels so good, battery life ad long compare to all other my smart phone, next phone after my nokia,i saw its best phone, zen lu OS as superb n make it more comfortable. Good front camera, no hang, overall its so good. 
 Realy nice cell and fast operating system. Negative point is only.there is no voulme key for low and high sound controlling. 
 First i would like to appreciate Flipkart for their fastest delivery. This is a good product for 9k. The device getting little bit heat while on continuous use. rest all good 
 Everything in the phone is great except for the heating issue. The moment I switch on the camera on taking 4-5 clicks the bac part of the phone heats up. Even on playing basic games like Subway Surfer the phone heats up. The troubleshooting steps told by Flipkart Executive were of no help and the problem persists. Raised a replacement request for the second time. Please process it fast 
 This is the best phone in this price range. And awsome camera quality specially on beautification mode. and it have a good battery backup in this segment 
 Amazing phone at a amazing price best buy better then the other competitors 
 Touch is excellent,but camera is not well,mike(sound box) is not well, battery backup is average,plz dont bring this phone... 
 i bought this mobile 1 month back there is no issues with it.nice and cool features.it is handy and camera quality is awesome and overall superb 
 good product
received the phone and using it. found it very good, good camera, good internal memory, otg support, easy interfaces, 
satisfied with the phone
ok  
 Flipkart sell their mobile to customer in a very good manner like packaging, invoice and other etc. etc. Taking about Asus Zenfone 2 Laser ZE550KL is very good phone with no hand problem. The mobile itself has ZenUI with glance screen mode, i.e. knock off and on mode, which helps you to double tap your mobile to on and off. The laser itself has very good camera quality. Therefore, I will support Asus Zenfone 2 Laser is good buy and all other guys to buy it if you are an android lover or user. 
 Asus zenfone ia an excellent product below 10000/- rupees. The performance is very good in every aspects except the camera quality, could have been better. Overall didnt find any loopholes. 
 Battery life not upto expected...
Double tap is not working sometimes....
Anyway its good in performance and look.
A budget phone under 10000 category.... 
 I purchased this phone in October 2015. This Phone hasn't given me a single reason till now to blame Asus. Definitely a good phone of this range. 
 Been using this phone for 5 months now. Playback volume is not as loud as compared to other brands like lenovo. Display brightness is also less when compared to other phones. Otherwise this one is good in the price range 
 I really inspired with this product. My frnd was purchased Asus Zen phone 5 and he told me don't purchase any Asus product. But i don't afraid from him and take a risk after that i very happy with Asus and Asus product and i want to say specially thanks to flipkart for on time delivery.
By the way.
Lets come to phone future:
1. Screen is fantastic
2. Battery backup is to good for me
3. Camera is very nice if i select the Super resolution then camera will convert 51 MP.
4. Processor is good
5. Selfie is to good from front camera.
6. Screen resolution is solid.
7. look is to good awesome
all over phone is Awesome compare than Samsung. 
 i always buy the product on flipkart and its didnt dissapoint me... good product go for it but the dilevery was little late i think bcoz of the government holiday.... 
the product is awesome 
camera quality is also good 
front camera is great  
 Asus phone provided by you. is very bad quality product. this device is not working properly within 2 months.. 
 No heating issue. Perfect mobile for regular use with good features. Delivery from Flipkart is express. Go for it..... 
 This is an amazing phone in 9K price - 2GB RAM & Qualcomm processor . 
ZenUI is really good and pre-installed app are good and easy to use.  
I love the power management feature , & it allows me to use my mobile for more than 36 hrs after full recharge.  
Blue light, notification and auto-start manages are few really useful features.  
And the best part of this phone is that it has SAR value 0.3. I didn't face any heat issue while taking long calls.  
A true value for money phone :) 
 Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Good Smart phone Under In My Budget. 
1. Asus smart Looking Is Good.
2. Asus Camera Was Very Good.
3. comperable Other Smart Phone Bt Asus smart phone Was Very Good.
4. I M Really Very very happy Buy this phone In FlipKart..
5. And Big Point Was Flipkart Delivey Was So Good.I will order the phone 05/06/2016 bt Phone receive me 07/05/2016...
6.Overally Flipkart every item And my Phone Was So Good... 
 1) Internet speed not capture
2) Rear camera quality not good
camera quality almost same for all asus phone 
 Some feature is good. like touch sensor, wifi, screen quality and some other features but camera  
quality is low. 
 Guys it was very nice....cam quality is also excellent....lightweight mobile to carry.....very helpful mobile 
 . Have you used this product?
It's always better to review a product you have used. 
2. Educate other users
Provide a relevant, unbiased overview of the product. Readers are interested in the pros and cons of the product. 
3. Be yourself. Be informative.
Let your personality shine through. But its equally important to provide facts to backup your opinions. 
 It's look very nice. It's give a look appearance so costly as you pay.
Cam quality super.
Flipkart delivery speed super. WS retailer packaging style is good. 
 I recommend this phone to my friends..
good specs
loved the camera
It gets a little heated around volume button while using camera.. 
 It's been a week using this phone. And I must appreciate ASUS for making this awesome phone. The things I observed while using this phone are:-
1. On 1st day this phone gave me so many updates around 1.4GB...
2. It's charger charges the phone nicely as it should be but the charger get heated up like I'm chagrin the phone for 5 or 6 hrs.
3.This phone has nice themes and style for most of the things.
4. This phone has so many in built apps more than 50 that consumes battery ,but that's ok because this phone battery backup is just great.
Well overall this is a great phone must buy.  
 very good mobile at this price 
......................................................................................................................................................................................................................nothing to say................................................................................................................ 
 Excellent budget smartphone, excellent performance, the only con I found was that the speaker volume while talking over the phone is bit low.  
 Phone camera is good, but hangs when you are running out of space. If you want a good camera phone than go for it. Performance of the phone is not good. 
 Class phone with all the features of high end phone, very good battery back up.good pictures quality, good sound quality, overall a value for your money. 
 Its a awesome phone..camera is vey good as my opinion.Battery service is one day after using all day long internet surfing..no lag till now as iam using this phone since last 28th April
Though I was scared and excited too for my fist Android but confirmed it was a great choice 
I just love this ASUS Zenfone.Its touch is too good,Its look very stylish in my hand....
Great phone...Asus Zenfone...Thank you. 
 First i got it for my dad and i saw the build and performance to be very good. Then i exchanged my 4 years old Samsung s3 with this one. We have 2 of Zenfone 2 handsets in family and both are performing very well. On exchange i got it at Rs. 6449 which was swiftest delivery by Flipkart. Received my order within 12 hours. And moreover i got Rs. 150 extra cashback from Afferve.com. Thank you Flipkart. Thank you Afferve.com. 
 I bought yhis phone yesterday and has no issues on playing game (it does't heat much while playing)
camera features are really cool
.
A GREAT BUDGET PHONE 
 I purchased 5 No's of this mobiles to my friends and relatives. These Mobiles are working very good and my people are very happy. 
 BATTERY 20 TO 24 hours when using watts app all day, watching video songs for somtime,
so ithink for any android its good , and if minimum usage only phone calls or little wats app , its battery can go for 2 days , because i experienced it .
camera is good both front and back, best part is taking slefie just by clicking back volume button,
design is good, and specially balck color has leather touch at back , so it does not slide from hand.its laser focus is just awesome. for clicking pics .
only bad thing it takes too long time for charging and sometimes i feel design is good but body built is not strong . 
 Worth the money. Have been using for 7 months. Camera quality and processor speed are good. Only problem is the inbuilt apps consume a lot of RAM. 
 13Mp cam + 5Mp cam is the best in this range :)
>The camera has got many inbuilt features..
Great picture quality and super detailing ??
>Superior finish design and stylish.  
Cons: 
>Battery backup is pretty decent with Asphalt8 and HALO3 and other high end games. 
Not great for gamers.  
Note; Full on Paisa Vasool mobile for this price ???Go grab it ??? 
 Cool phone with good features, Didn't have any problems till now. 
 1. Battery performance is good (5/5 rating for that)
2. Performance is smooth no lag , i was running apps , music, internet, games (5/5 ratings for that). And yes no Heating problem at all
3. ASUS has provided various pre installed apps , all of them has great utility specially apps for camera (5/5 ratings for that)
4. Camera performance is above good but not excellent, ASUS need to improve on that (3.5/ (Expand) 
 I have purchased this mobile after lot of research. 
My priorities were
1. Battery Backup
2. Camera 
3. Removable battery
4. Gorilla glass 4
5. Performance 
i am fully satisfied with this mobile at this price. 
 One of the beast which gonna eat all the other smart phones at it's price range. 
*User friendly & superb features.
*100 out of 100 in all features. It just you need to know how to use it. 
A BIG WOW.... 
 i was looking for good battery backup and good performance and camera and all was my second priority.but it look like i had the best buy. performance and battery backup is too good. also after every update my phone become supergiant. aankh band karo aur ish budget me yahi phone lo. aur iska camera mi note 3 se badhiya hai 
 Best smart phone at this price! I am loving it. Flipkart delivered it in time, no product defect. Thanks 
 I was tired searching various phones under 10k. My priorities were: 
1. Low SAR ( Radiation level)
2. Min 16GB Internal memory
3. 5.5" IPS Display
4. Gorilla Glass
5. Android Lolipop
6. A fast and reliable processor. 
I couldn't find even a single phone by any reputed manufacturer to offer all above mentioned features. Lenovo models were good but beware, their SAR (Radiation) levels are high and just within the prescribed upper limits. So they did not fit the scheme. 
Then came ZENPHOne 2 Laser 550KL 
It satisfied my all requirements. Its a great gadget. Stylish, sleek, looks expensive, performance is exceptionally good for a phone under 10k. No LAGS AT ALL. 
CAMERA ISSUE: 
I was a bit skeptical about its camera output after reading some divergent and critical remarks. But let me assure you, the Camera works well. ASUS released two critical system updates ( each around 300 MB). As soon I updated the phone, I noticed a remarkable change in the Camera quality. Whatever the shortcomings were removed.  
Conclusion: 
A great device to have. Best SAR value. Good camera, becomes the BEST after a simple auto update. Highly recommended. 
 Best device
Great performance
Camera is the best
Battery backup is also good
Lovely design
Touch Pad with gorilla glass 4 is unbelievable. 
 GOOD PHONE WITH GREAT SCREEN BUT SOUND QUALITY IS NOT GOOD.
SAME REAR CAMERA IS NOT UP TO THE MARK WHILE FRONT CAMERA IS JUST OK.SPEED IS VERY GOOD...........!!!!!!!!!1 
 The phone is the best !! Very nice working! No lagging! Flipkart's awesome delivery in one day has made my day very special! Very very much satisfied!! :) :) 
 Nice good budget phone around 9k.Camera quality is good.again satisfied with the flipkart service as the product was delivered before two days 
 Camera is very slow.... Opening of previous images is taking very long time.. And sometimes it is hanging.. I got mic problem once after factory reset it started working. 
 What a Fantastic Phone under 10K.
I have been using from past 10 months, till now no problem at all. 
Performance, Battery & rough and tough use, please go for it. 
Looks and Body Shape : 9/10
Camera :10/10
Speed : 9/10
Performance : 10/10
Handling : 10/10
Heating issue : NO
Size is big only :- 5.5
Overall Rating 9.5/10 
Very good phone, worth buying it... 
 Received product in perfect packing with latest model. Working perfectly ok and of course with performance. Product delivered within 24 hours from order. 
 after 3 months of usage the mobile is completely superb but slow service from asus they said by the end of april the android version will get updated but havent got it 
but overall a wonderfull mobile u can grab one for urself 
 Thanks ASUS and Flipkart for this wonderful smart phone. This is a awesome mobile for rough users too.  
Pros:-
Awsm Camera Quality
Toughest screen
etc.... 
Cons...
Still i didn't find any 
 i think it is the best product in below 1000
i have use this phone last 7 month 
there is no problem in this phone. 
 but facing camera problem because of new laser technology.. went to service center they told that they cant solve the problem because there are not skilled enough and company has not trained them well.. they told me that they people do job in asus service center just for tym pass.. LOL!!! 
 Camera is super 4G also enabled battery is 3000 mah super 3 day in battery power 
 better delivery performance by flipkart, thanks, this phone is the best smartphone, in all features. 
 Good phine with a bunch of cool features like the camera quality and the charging level. The delivery was very quick. 
 Touch is absolutely incomparable. It is very impressive. Also phone is very light,camera is good.Good buy @9000 with these features. 
 In short the only thing that sucks is the preloaded craps of Asus. 
 Lovly working.That is well done by asus.1st I got a bad hang product but They replaced the product and now I am using good product.good service flipkart. 
 Just awesome product in this range with stunning features and performance and look. Battery is not a issue. Enough battery power. Go for it. Using for last 4 months 
 Its been 7 months using this phone.. After u update you system then phn works very well.. Till now i didn't find any issues regarding the phone.. After system update u will find some new software.. Which are excellent ..
This phn is just amazing.. 
 For five months i am using this phone here's my review 
Cons:
1. Alarm does not ring if switched off .
2. Music player stops if a phone comes . After ending the call player does not automatically starts.
3. 1.8 gb ram , i have denied all auto start app yet it has 1.3 gb occupied. In every minute you have to use power &boost. App opening response time is too much ..sometimes it is so irritating.
4.if you set a reminder in to do app, it will not show any notification if you didnot open the app. So i missed a important meeting.
5. Lenovo already gave marshmellow update .. asus has no planning to give update till now.
6. It has two music player ,two photo viewer one from google and one from asus. It only wastes storage.we only need one.
7. Too much blotware slows down system. Poor ram management.
I have used lenovo phones in this price segment they are good in terms of system and response time , they are quick to open. Though lenovo has less customization. 
Cons: 
1. Overall good
2. Camera good many features loved it.
3. Battery is excellent 
4.ui customization is excellent themes and all very good.
5. Touch is also very good
6. Asus cover feature is very good.
 Above review It is true of zenfone 2 laser and also for zenfone max. 
In conclusion i can say that except ui and customization ,in terms of system response time lenovo is good in every respect.
I love my phone except the fact that in times of immediacy when i touched the call button and calling actually happens five seconds later. 
4. 
 Initially i thought that ASUS is a new company in smartphone market but after buying this phone i think that it was a very good decision. I am really satisfied with this product. The best thing about it is its battery backup which last for 2-3 days for me. 
 hi this is Prashant Singh I bought ASUS ZENFONE 2 LASER from Flipkart they delivered on time phone is awesome I m using this full day and it's really good 
it doesn't have any problem with it 
so keep shopping with Flipkart 
product shown in Flipkart its 100% real 
 Pros- 
1- Good vibrant colours on screeen. Looks Beautiful.
2- Feels great in hand.
3- Theme, icons have no comparison to other phones.
4- USER FRIENDLY, WAY TOO MUCH.
5- Asus understand a phone user very much, has customized it brilliantly. 
Very good packaging from flipkart. 
 Very good one.....camera not up to mark on zooming losses clarity......effective ram usage....not so much hanging, good battery backup... 
 Nice product!
Good Camera, UI and RAM enough for normal usage.
We can remove/disable the unwanted apps pre-installed in it. 
 1. Low SAR ( Radiation level)
2. Min 16GB Internal memory
3. 5.5" IPS Display
4. Gorilla Glass
5. Android Lolipop
6. A fast and reliable processor. 
 After using of three months this is the fantastic mobile under 10k. Camera is superb.
Gaming is ok. Wi-Fi and 4g is superb. Battery backup is more than enough for one day for above average user. Only concern is frequent update is needed. Audio quality is ok.display and touch is ok. Overall very good experience with this mobile. 
 This Very Good Phone and I am Happy With This Products their is no any problem in phone and its battery work good , picture quality of this phone is much better then other phone . 
 All kinds of technical glitch. The phone hangs whenever any post-installed application is tried to run. Apart from that the touch is not very good. And, the screen goes insensitive during a call making it unable to hang up calls or perform any other function whatsoever. My suggestions if you have a budget like this go for Lenovo K3 Note. A far better phone than this. 
 Best mobile interns of performance,look.....i have recommended to my friends.... 6 members brought this mobile 
 Good Phone within 9000 rupees.Good thing is that it has a gorilla glass and camera is awesome.Phone is too slippery.Need a back cover for this phone.Good battery back up.Awesome camera features.Best thing is you can use this phone as a remote to operate your laptop or desktop over wifi or bluetooth.Sound is a problem without ear phones.On ear phones,sound is very good.But the loudness is not that high.Suggest you to buy a zapcase(type of sound amplifying back cover) for this phone.In total ,an awesome phone within budget. 
 Me and my wife both got this phone. after few weeks this phone became piece of shit. any click, it takes 10 to 30 seconds to respond. 
the Zenfone 5 was brilliant and used it for one year with no problem, but this one is a pain. 
 The Product is delivered with the estimated timeline, thanks to Flipkart. Brand new with seal. Good performance for normal users. No heating problem, no hanging problem & ZEN UI is excellent. Speakers & Camera is not as expected by me. Speakers are not loud but very clear. Camera is decent but not very good for indoor photos. But overall, very good phone for under 10k budget. 
 Nice phone.Everything is fine...and running smoothly........??? 
 it becomes slow after some days of use.....otherwise everything is ok....camera is gud, it has some preinstalled apps due to which it becomes slow........ 
 i am really satisfied by this phone,it has super'b camera ,good battery life,awesome touch and fast speed and it was delievered to me before delievery date....thanks flipkart 
 After reading many reviews posted on this site (-ve and +ve both :)) I bought this product on 22 april, and Spending full day (today) with this phone what I found is :
Camera is Awesome, sound is good with great display and speed is superb.I updated the software twice and it is done without any hassle. Camera can take pics as good as any high end phone camera. Please don't give false reviews if you have not really tested the product.
Haven't played any game yet, still for 9000 bucks its a steal. 
 I gifted this awesome fone to my bro..He is loving it and says it is the value for money..No issues...No Hanging...No Heating...Powerful battery..Fantastic Camera...Thanks Flipkart for making my lovable brother Happy... 
 very good products. camera is so good.no lag or no hanging problem. 
 very nice phone 
games play without any lag.good battery.
fast delivery by flipkart. it is a 
 Good smartphone in this range....bought in diwali...fine with the performance...the camera is very good...every phone needs restart or some time to sleep to improve its performance 
 I have been using this phone since 6 months....therr is no problem yet in this phone.....works absolutely nice....loved this phone...one problem i noticed is some time it happens that after removing the phone from the pocket the touch does not respond. 
 Best phone on this price... i love Asus zenfone for good gaming.. features on like smartphone ... but some heating issues with it... 
 Phone is good in quality and everything. I have purchased it in 8999/-
Everything is good. touch of the phone is very fluid and feels very smooth nad u will love while typing or scrolling. 
Some drawbacks are that the screen resolution is little bit low when compared with "xiomi mi redmi prime". 
Sound is decent but little bit low. 
Battery back up is good. 
I am little bit sad with quality of the primary camera, which is not so good despite having 13 MP camera. It does not work like a 13 MP camera but selfie camera is nice. There are a lot of features in camera also. 
Overall a good and above average mobile when compared to other phones but only camera is little bit disappointing.
You can also go for redmi prime 2 which is a very nice phone in rs 7000/- and having very good resolution and sound quality. 
If u want a average mobile with decent features and camera is not ur priority than u can go for asus zenfone 2 laser 
 Fantastic Phone. Got it for my Brother HE loved it :-) And thank You Flipkart for delivering it in just one day. I must say pretty impressed with you. :-) 
 Awsam Flipkart delivery service..
order date:-20.04.16
next day bengal vote 21.04.....but Flipkart delivery during vote
..good delivery service... 
Asus Zenfone 2 Laser ZE550KL
good product...
good battery backup..  
 This Phone beats any other phone with its mere performance and features..........this is a great phone............ 
 This is a value for money phone, the battery lasts really long. 
Heating issue like others mentioned happens for me only when I am charging the phone, playing games for long time, and running Adobe Draw for long time, I cant call it a heating problem at all. 
Only complaint that I have is lack of earphones along with the phone. 
For me on a full charge it lasts for 2 days with occasional photo capturing and email, internet browsing. 
Screen is not so good on daylight but its ok, bigger screen comes handy to view videos on phone. 
5* phone 
 I used samsung s4 and mi 4 but this phone hangs a lot
This phone is good for ppl with normal day use like
Calling
Texting
Web surfing
Super awesome battery backup
No gaming at all 
 The phones mic has damaged with in 2months. Phone is more hang..... 
 i would like to share my experience after using this phone 2 weeks. Performance wise its a good phone & it look is awesome. I face a issue in this it heat too much some time while i charge it. Network connectivity is awesome. No hanging issue i face in these two weeks. 
Now coming to its camera. Back camera is awesome as i accepted. But i little bit disappoint With front camera.  
Overall Its a good Product. 
 Touch sensitivity
Mike operating failure
Network and call lag
Less brightness
No crystal clear sound during call.
ASUS now it's time to provide IP7 water proof phones within this price range.
Sturdy and durable
Rest everything is good. 
 Great phone but sadly and somehow the Mic of the phone stopped working in two months.. Sent it to service center and it was repaired without any hassle. Working fine now. Corning gorilla glass 4 and a decent battery . Camera could be better but what can be expected at this price? Go for it if this is within your budget. 
 fully satisfied with this product..
its performance, design, battery backup, camera all features are awesome. 
 Phone is good but sound too low and earphones not supporting enough, plus some hang at times.
Camera its blur no quality at all. 
 It is an excellent mobile phone ever..Super battery backup, i play both heavy and light games and though its battery gives 1 day backup..No heating issues..Camera is excellent..i dont know why ppl are saying its picture quality is not so good.. is my opinion it s fab..sound is quite low but acceptable u can use earphones as well as speakers.. i am using this phone since last sunday..and not getting any type of issues..it is the best phone under 10k and can beat phones upto a range of 25k 
Pros:
1) Insane Battery life.
2) Smooth and Fast working.
3) Excellent Camera quality.
4) NO Heating Issues. 
Cons:
1) Low sound(but acceptable writing this under cons just because i dont want to leave it empty :P) 
 Superb product. Value for money. Completely Satisfied with the product. Sound quality is bit a low else everything are fabulous. 
Thanks to flipkart for fastest delivery. 
 Nice product in this price range.......
Front camera is better than the back camera
Battery backup is more than 1 days 
 It's an excellent phone, specially for the price range.
Works smoothly, doesn't hang or slow down too much.
Battery life has also been surprisingly good so far. 
 It's Amazing good working no any hanging issue Good sound quality It supports OTG good camera quality Totaly it's a Good price worthy mobile in 10000 Thank u flipkart 
 i am using this phone since 6 months stii no problem
if anyone is planning to buy phone in range of 10000-15000
then its the best phone in range 
5 stars 
no heating issues
battery is best
it does't hang
camera is just awesome 
 Cons:
Lot of lag between activities. If call gets disconnected then to make the same call you have to wait for some time before it dials. Sufficient enough to irritate you. Speaker quality is not good. Anytime it doesn't recognize SIM and then you have to restart. I was having moto-g which was much better then this. 
 not so good ... 1st a lot of apps are preinstalled ...which full the ROM of phone....it also HAGGING ....camera ...FLASH do not work properly . ....but front camera is really nice..shape of phone is also not good ..it is curve from backside due to which handling is tough ....display colour is so bad ...there is pale colour in display 
 nice phone at best price happy with my decision and my phone. look is also good thank you fipkart with such a great product 
 I want Purchase Asus KL5.5 ,Mobile Pictures quality strong,but Speed on keywords,memory do,nt Strong but 9999,,,best future in handset 
 Hey Guys, Please dont buy this phone at all.. I bought this phone in the month of Feb. And yesterday its gorilla glass broke without any reason. I kept it on my shelve and after few minutes when i picked my phone to make a call.. I saw the glass all broken as if someone hit it hard with a hammer.. It was so shocking for me that how a screen can break just like that without being tampered... Pathetic experience... 
 A beast with high quality camera, awesome battery backup, powerful performance, fantastic UI, Premium designs It has everything that a good phone should have 
 front camera very very poor..
all other features grate..
Removable battery .. grate..
value for maoney..OK 
 Fabulous mobile must take it and even it not take heat and camera is sexy 
 bakwas hai yaar.. 4th month n performance is worst.. not suggesting n e more to any1 
 -Good product. Buy it without hesitating. No probs whatsoever.
-Battery backup needed for extensive use. Buy Powerbank for that Or else go for Asus Zenfone Max.
But if u go for Zenfone Max u'll hav to compromise on SD card memory, Laser cam & Removable battery.
-Clean chit for flipkart too for its Authenticity 
 good device for new android users. but if are an android adict than dont buy it anyway.
cant believe that the device has 2gb RAM.... shocking performance 
 all in all best mobile for the prize point i bought it. cam performance signal strength all are upto the mark. i bought 3 mobiles. once again service of flipkart is top on all. 
 AFTER ONE MONTH USAGE GENUINE REVIEW
---------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Lot of new mobile are available now but still NUMBER 1 ANDROID PHONE...200% satisfied especially battery backup awesome.. there is tool Asus auto start manager it solves all battery drain issues in android. power saving mode is also done a great job. there are lot of unique feature provided by Asus zenUI, lot of customizations are available and usable asus apps Like u can use ur mobile as wireless mouse. both front and back camera quality is really awesome, like DSLR it has lot of different modes. no heating issues. good speaker sound. display is crystal clear. what else we need in smart phone. 
 Guys , please avoid buying this phone . I am regretting my decision as this phone hangs a lot despite having a good processor. Demands software updates every month and then it stops working . Worst phone ever 
 I have been using this phone since more than one month and the experience is very nice. Asus provides a very customer friendly features. ZenUi is very fast. 
The added features like PC link, Share link are very useful and innovative. Battery life is very good (Even more than expected. Even after viewing hd videos in full brightness for 4 hrs straight battery was reduced to 88% from 92 %.)  
By such a experience i would like to experience high end phones of asus in the future... 
 Hi Everyone,
I have bought Asus Zenfone 2 Laser ZE550KL mobile 1 year before. It is working very good and good resolution. Really I would like very much this and recommended to others, will buy this mobile. It is good mobile. I like very much this mobile. 
 camera quality is like a dslr.pixels are good.no lagging in this phone.the best thing is her screen and the features.i did't complete the survey of this phone till now.worth of money 
 from the 5 months experience it is awesome. 
Only drawback I found is no Volume button available in touch screen. 
 After using for 8 days continuously, the phone still works in the same speed, no slow down, no flaws, no heating issues and absolutely no software issues.
Pros: - 
Camera:- the 13MP Laser focus camera literally stuns me macro photos are at its excellence, normal photos and selfie are far better than other phones of this price range. As I was searching for a low budget phone with v good camera this was the best choice I made.  
Hardware:- No lags after 8 days without a single switch off, wifi on for more than 12 hours a day, camera on for around 1 hour a day, phone calls for more than 3 hours a day, music for more than 4 hours a day means what? I think its understandable 
Battery:- I used to charge once in 36 hours as from 100 to 25- 20% charge drops 
Software: Eventhough some pre installed software exists its not something that annoys you ... you can unistall third party apps but asus apps you cannot, and these apps are worth too, the software is easy to use, have enough options except some features like flip to silent. The software is designed for everyone. 
The body:- Back finished with matte but little slippery dont worry its not that you cannot hold it 
gaming:- Sorry I am not an expert in this area 
Coverage reception:- One of the best you wont go out of coverage :-D 
Sound:- Earpiece is loud and clear but the rear speaker has little low sound but ringtone was audible in the Mumbai local train at evening time also...  
Display:- A bit of disappointment:- its in a low resolution in comparison to many phones that are available in the market- but it doesnt reflect in pixel density 
Service:- I have been using Asus laptop for more than a year- one of the best service I have experienced till now 
Cons:- Some features can be added up 
Runs on Lollipo 5.0.2 (Marshmellow update on the way) 
you wont get an earphone in the box  
 Pros
1. Great sleek look
2. Awesome camera experience
3. Very good battery backup 
Cons
1. Back of mobile gets a bit smudgy, use a cover
2. Sound is a bit low, no issues if using headphones
3. Earphone doesn't come with mobile 
 Best phone in this price range. 
Pro:
- Good camera quality
- Battery backup
- ZenUI 
Cons:
- Headphone not included in box 
It has been 6 months since I have been using this mobile. My charger not working from last week. I will go service center for replace charger. I hope everything will be fine. I am giving 4 star just because of charge. Overall product is best.  
 looks nice, battery backup is average, camera is good but not best. only problem i am facing is heating. but its acceptable to some extend... 
 Bought this phone in mid of November initially i found it a good and value for money but as days passes by few cons turned out camera is not at all good even the phone gets hangs alot or even take alot of time to open the picture u clicked which is really a very irritating. 
 Thanks to flipkart for outright delivery. Now my view for Asus Zenfone 2 Laser (ZE550kl) is
Pros
1) Fast processor. Multitasking and gaming can be done with ease.
2) Zen UI is intuitive. 
Cons
1) Finish is okay while fit is a concern.
2) Adequate camera.
3) Lots of bloatware.
4) External speaker sound is feeble. 
Final verdict.....If you don't want a premium brand, go for it.. 
 The device goes blank sometimes.Even if u press any button it doesn't respond. V have to take battery out and restart.I can now see when i put it on charge the screen becomes like rainbow with no display and multiple colours... 
 Honest review those who wanna buy beacuse i myself buy this phone after reading so many reviews~Nice phone worth buying. 
Cons- good battery backup 
 Nice user interface
 Lag free processor 
 So much option in camera means beauty mode low light mode depth mode time elapsed mode one touch blur and all extra. there is question about brightness but i think ibrightness is quite good overall a nice budget reliable phone
Cons-,camera is not up to mark means after zomming pixels 4* pic quality shows.but if u got so many features in this price you cant complain about this. 
 I have purchased this during offer period so i got this for 8099 rupees.it looks awesome and camera fine and sound satisfactory.works well 
 Wow i bought on pre order in last September and still now i am using this phone the buil quality is awsome and screen is also nice and gorilla glass 4 works nice but dont buy now there are many alternatives os this can go for lenovo k4note now 
 I was looking for a new smartphone. And i have always been an Asus fan. And i wanted an Asus phone too. So i ordered this. Although the size is a bit big on the pocket, i bought it for the 3000mAh battery. As for the phone, it is easy to use, the apps consume less power, and as a result battery backup goes a long way. Even when i keep the net on, it goes a minimum of 12 hours with heavy use. I think it is the best phone as per value for money. So far i havent added any extra memory card. But i think the performance will not be affected. 
 Really Awesome phne.... Fully satisfied with it.... Battery Backup is good.... Headphone b de diyaa karo yaar par 
 This phone has many features, but basics are not correct. 
1. It has a bad call quality, other side is no able to hear my voice clearly.
2. UI is not clean, does not gives a neat feeling 
 phone is waste and money waste,problem is full heat and phone operation is slowly,phone is looking good,but in side is bad,my opinion is phone is waste 
 Nice phone.Camera is average but processor is very fast.fast delivery by flipkart 
 I purchased this phone almost 6 months back. Now the mic got damaged. Average performance. Lots of intermittent issues happened. 
 Overall phone is good, however after some software update you might face microphone and call issues. Also you might face issue with Sim detection. Otherwise its a good phone to buy in this price range. 
Before buy, please go through the issues for ASUS phones on internet. 
 Thanks to flipkart as always they delivered before ETA.
Brought this smartphone for my sister.it covers all cool features one needs.The ASUS UI is beyond bounds and camera quality is just awesome.
If you are looking for phone below 10000 then this is the best deal. 
 A very good phone with good pricing and great camera functions even at night. Good battery backup for whole day function and good build quality and features 
 I buy Asus 2 Laser five months ago in this mobile every thing is ok battery timing is very nice .but the (CAMERA QUALITY IS VERY VERY POOR) if you're interested in CAMERA please don't buy it is very bad .I will give 5 star due to CAMERA no 5 star.Don't SYSTEM UPDATE because the phone gets slow. 
 awesome performance .........by every way.......battery,speed,quality,looks,camera gaming etc.....and those who say that the quality of the rear camera is bad......i would say that phone clicks awesome pics only if you know how to take pictures 
 In this price Asus Zenfone 2 Laser ZE550KL is very good mobile.Battery backup is good.
When you update software in this mobile ,little bit of hot on backside.But overall its very good Mobile... 
 No issues 
Nice packing and delivery by flipkart 
There was no earphone for Asus
Apart everything is Gud 
 Gr8 phone with reasonable price... nice display n camera...gr8 features like 2gb ram n 16gb internal memory 
 great camera quality,even in low light,good battery back up,no heating issue untill now....,some times hanging when playing heavy games and heavy apps,smart display ...regular updates in every 2 months 
 I just got this phone so erlier than expectd. This is one of the cool product cMera is awesom . Battey back is also superb last for who day and remain 40 % of charge....i thought i wuld get ear phone but no issue i wuld buy from local in this price its nice deal i can tell u guys this phone can beat any other phone range between 15k 18k 
 Nice mobile everything is all right but one issue in this mobile, sound is low but i am happy. 
 awesome phone!
but processor is bit slow as it is a 1.2ghz and became slow after upgrading system so plz guys don't upgrade except that all feautures is good 
 i got this phone 7 days back 
good: 
1. screen size
2. both camera are very good
3. very low SAR value ~0.3W/cm2 both on head and body
4. good battery
5. good RAM
6. not chinese company..it is Taiwan brand
7. good quality
8. running smooth all the apps
9. password protected child mode pre installed where individual can define which application kids can use/operate
10. not costly 
cons:
1. processor it is quad core 1.2 GHz processor.. it could have been 1.6GHZ or more
2. screen resolution it is 269ppi, more than 3000 is good
3. There is a small band below the screen over which tempered glass screen will not stick 
good phone for camera lovers with low budget 
 1.Handy 5.5' Inch, good looking
2.Excellent front 5.0 MP and 13MP rear camera, beautiful pics.
3. Android lollipop 
4.RAM 2GB and ROM 16GB
5.I highly appreciate the battery backup
6. I recommend other to go for it. 
 Very Good Phone and met my expectation. No heating problems, camera is good, no handing issues, but pre-loaded apps are consuming more than 1GB RAM. 
 just wow...Experience of having a Asus 5.5' is Awesome.But a little bit afraid of its heating problem,
except this all extra ordinary features are contained in this phone.Highly recommened to buy this if you have a price budget under or upto 10,000 
 very very good mobile I like it after updating everything is well 
 I giving this review after 5months.
Pros
1. Great battery backup.
2.Great back camera.
3.Good and bright display. 
Cons
1.Front camera is not up to the mark.
2.some games lags on it like asphalt 8 (in high graphics. 
 THOSE WHO ARE LOOKING FOR GOOD BATTERY AND CAMERA PHONE CAN GO IT BLINDLY 
 A very good phone of its time but now its outdated. 
The screen is very crisp and the HD videos looks good.
the phone have big bazzles which make the phone little uncomfortable, specially while unlocking(but thanks to the double tap options it make it easy )
Didnt find any lag in regular use.
The UI is bit different to it tool time to get use to it.(getting updates but didnt get the latest android yet)
Im not a gaming person so for small games it work fine.
Camera is good and with loots of features. But its 13mp is not as great as to compare with.
Battery like is good which give a daily use life of 1.5 days. 
the bottom line is its a good option but there are many other at this price which have high speck then this. 
 Excellent Mobile ... good looks .... A must buy phone .... dont hesitate to buy ... ppl will surely like it :D   
 this is the best phone and i had gifted to my dad, he loved it a lot and the performance is good ,
it has been almost 3 month and there is no lag , the apps response is very good 
 Dear All, I love this phone. The Battery backup is superb! The connectivity & Voice clarity is very good. Best instrument!! Also Made in India !! No Heating at 3G & Teathering.
No hanging. 
 more than 3 months of use - no problem as yet. delivery was prompt , trustworthy seller. best phone in this range , no heating issues found in 3 months of use( i alos heard about heating issues before buying , but now i am satisfied) 
 By using this mobile for 6 month...my opinion about this product is in simple word:- ULTIMATE PRODUCT.
This is bestbuy in this range...go for it. 
 I been using Zenfone 1st Gen for 1.5 years without any major issues. Issues faced in 1st Gen Zenfone (Battery won't lasts 12 hours // Audio output was not up to the Mark).. Thinking that in mind... bought this Zenfone2 Laser with double minded.. To be frank.. ASUS have imporved a lot in this Zenfone.. Battery lasts for 1.5 days // Awesome camera // Decent audio output // Worth the Money //  
Please go for it !!! 
 Phone is excellent with regular updates. 
Excellent display. 
Good call connectivity.
Wifi, Mobile internet are working nicely.
I like the concept of App groups. This removes app clutter. Nice feature. 
 all functions are great, no hanging issue , no heating, best display resolution, very good performance with quad core processor. all are good but it takes around 3 hours to full charge. 
 This is a very nice phone.
I am facing sluggish charging problem now , it takes 12 hours to get charged. 
There is no selfie video feature.
A lot of preinstalled unwanted apps reducing the actual phone memory to 10 GB intead of 16 GB.
It runs smoothly and battery back is good and if you put tempered glass, then sensor is not working , screen is black during calls so you need to remove tempered glass. 
 front camera: awesome
rear camera: good
battery life: 1 and half day for normal use
smooth touch and good speed for gaming, 
 I am using this phone since more than six months now. It has been an awesome experience till now. It is a 'royal' piece in 10K range. We generally call something royal when we feel pride in owning it. 
Its looks are royal. In hand it is a perfect fit due to its rounded back cover. Selfie taking is easy as the volume rocker switch is at its back. Your finger easily goes there.
The screen is Gorilla Glass 4. Again a royal touch experience. 
Display is royal. 
Zen UI makes you feel royal.
Sufficient RAM of 2 GB.
Never hangs.
Camera quality is somewhere this phone is average. But again laser auto focus gives camera good marks as it works well when taking short distance shots. Focussing methods other phones use is image processing based but here it is laser based and due to this, CPU power is not much used and battery power is preserved. 
Last but not the least: Battery is royal. 3000 mah is what you need. So many features in smartphones are not worthy if you have battery of 2500 mah or so. 
So, a good buy. But after my purchasing this phone, recently, some phone with 5000 mah battery has come, I suppose. Better see those options also, but price would go higher. Don't know. 
 Good But No Headphone.Product is good. all Features are good. But i didn't get any headphone....and the usb is too short. 
 Awesome phone and value for money. Phone has good features in it. 
 superb camera
excellent battery
great screen
adequate memory and storage area
4g compatible although not used with 4g network as of yet
working well since last 2 months 
 Its a great phone with great battery life - look and feel is good. user interface and camera is also good. I dont use it much for games so cant comment on that part 
 You can purchase this from Flipkart , nice product launched by Asus. 
No heating. 
Asus zenui is awesome feature. volume button sucks. 
 ws Retail The name is enough man....i have 7 phones and 5 of it comes from ws retail...its fast and what should i tell about the phone....ite AWESOME 
 It is a good product to the value its very nice to purchase... 
 I purchased this phone from Flipkart last month it is really worth for money, Camera quality is awesome and the speed is also while playing games. 
 poor camera quality. The USP of this phone is its Laser Autofocus camera, but sadly the camera turns out to be below par at best. The images appear grainy & slightly out of focus and the colors in the images washed out. Does the job for an occasional photo or scan but don't go for this phone if camera is your top priority.
2) Speaker: Maximum volume out from the speaker is slightly low and noisy. Shouldn't be a problem though. Audio quality in the headphones is good.  
Overall a good phone barring the camera. 
 The product is overall good. Available internal memory is less than specified due to inbuilt apps of approx. 5 gp. Camera is average specially in low light. Hardware seems fine. Speed is good and performance is almost satisfactory. 
 All features in this Mobile is very good and having Lazer on the back with 13MP camera it is super,It can easily Satisfied Costomer no problem is there in This Mobile. 
 Obviously great packaging. But delivery isn't good. Sending through FedEx made me upset that's why I gave 1 less star. Else other depends on product's manufacturer. So don't wanna blame flip for this. Asus could have made the UI more optimized. 
 on time delivery, everything is good in this budget..
on using 2 months the camera is good,front is not bad,the battery back up is cool,better than intel os..
and just 1 word..
go for it blindly..
:) 
 this mobile is very very good looking. 
camera clarity is simply superb......
i really loved this mobile.....
................
Thanks to WS Retail 
 Best mobile in this price range with super features and best camera quality. 
The camera quality is almost same as an SLR camera with DSLT effect.
Battery is super powerful.
ALL in ALL i give this mobile 10 on 10. 
 Best phone in price range,having gorilla glass giving you smooth buttery touch experience,battery backup is great,camera also good as compaired to mi 4i,and more over,its design is mind blowing,my friends also decide to buy this phone. 
 phone is good but theres a slight blur noted while it rings.its working is very smooth i just love using it.good look and features overall. camera isgrainy too, i dont know why! 
 Good phone with super long battery life, but not that good camera. 
Battery last for 2 days, only con is sometime it just hangs and display black screen and then nothing works even after removing battery but its restore automatically. 
 Working good but I don't like this design and after a long use of phone it's hanging then I hard resetted the phone then it starts working fine 
 I bought this phone one month ago, This is very nice phone under 10K price .
Display is awesome. performance also too good.. no lagg or hang. Back camera clarity is average..sometimes the photo become blur,. front camera is good. now come into the battery performance, The 3000mah battery can stand upto 1.5 days for moderate users, and for heavy users can only stand upto a single day. comparing with other smartphones battery is good. but the phone takes aroud 3hr to charge from 10% to 100%. its litte difficlt for the users to charge the phone. Everything else is okay and price wise comparison this phone is good for the normal users. 
 touch will not works sometimes....when tried to call same contact dialled calls list. Also display will gone simetimes when talking...takes time to charge. 
 This phone is very good. Only when we use internet from other sim, phone mic input gets reduced. But anyway it is worth, working good till now and slowing in process 
 A phone for this price range is ecstatic, I'm in love with this phone, no lag, great UI thanks to Asus ZenUI, build quality is amazing! Flipkart delivered it on time! Coming to pro & cons!  
Pros: 1.UI
2. Battery is awesome finally Asus came up with some solution for it! Can easily last long for a day for heavy users, normal users can extend that to 2 days.
3. No heating issues, it may warm sometimes when you play a graphical games may go up to 39c max! 
4. Display quality is awesome, although it's just a 720p IPS screen! Loved it! 
5. Fast & flawless! 
Cons: 
1. Sound output was bit low if you ask! If you're in a room & your phone is somewhere else when it rings you hardly notice! 
2. Unwanted apps which is preinstalled you can't uninstall it, but you can disable it of course! 
3. Placement of power button and volume rocker is top and back respectively, which is annoying sometimes, I found difficult when the call comes all of a sudden & you can't mute it quickly, again you've to search for the back panel where your volume rocker is placed, it'll be difficult until you get used to it.
4. Camera is not that good in low lighting condition I felt it bit noisey, bit still you can't ask for more when you're paying just a 10k. 
For now I'm enjoying this phone kudos to Asus for a wonderful smart phone for this price range! 
 I got this phone in the month of October 2015.it was nice but this phone have Mic problem, service centre are rare .sudhakara shetty udupi kundapur 
 Good device, but most if the RAM is taken up by its own apps, remove them & device runs fast.. No headphones, device didn't support other brands headsets also. 
 Excellent product in terms of battery life and touch experience. good camera. however screen got some scratches 
 What a product. the finish is perfect. everything works great. Worth ever penny considering I got it for just 8,100. at the listed price of 9,999 I think the Asus Zenfone Max is a better buy if you can make do with a single sim card that is 4G compatiable. 
 very good phone in this price range . camera quality is good and performance is also nice with 2 gb ram . Flawless performance . 
 mobile is very good ,but Screen zooming is annoying , while outgoing call ,facing many issue while selecting the sim. 
 I have never in my life rated 5 star for any phone,but this time i am gonna change that.This piece of technology really deserve 5 stars in every respect.It comes at an affordable price too with all updates ans specifications,especially the design and its response time.PEOPLE I REALLY RECOMMEND THIS PHONE TO EVERYBODY and you wont get a better phone than this for this price in the market. 
 Good phone with good specs just stick with the software provided with the phone dont upgrade it and you are good to go.. Great battery life and good camera.. 
 Excellent performance .... Try this, I bought in Flipkart for 8200 in an offer. battery is wonderful and working fine after 5 months without any hanging problem. I will recommend that this Asus zen 2 is good for people you prefer gaming and more storage. 
 awsome phone with best cameara quality in this range.I m using this phone from 2 months...still no complaint about lagging... 
 I am using the mobile last one week and completely satisfied. flip-kart service is simply fast.delivered before the mentioned time. 
 Phone is awesome full of features quality is also good,
 best and nice set within 10k,
camera is ok(according to my expectation)
but only thing which upset me was the missing charger from the box 
In ratings I would like to give 3 stars.
2 stars was deducted because of missing charger. 
 Phone is Excellence. and Flipkart service is very fast. Phone Features is good. Speed is Good. Android 5.0 Availabe in Phone. 
 Nice phone........good in looks in hands and in features... 
 Good phone for Middle class. Phone has many features. Good Camera Quality, battery backup,2GB RAM etc.But still display needs to be improved along with UI portion. I would suggest to buy this phone to Others. 
 At first, I would like to thank flipkart for the lightning fast delivery.
The phone is pretty good in this price range.The 13 mp shooter is impressive, but not upto the mark, after zooming lots of haziness appears. Battery is enough for 1day, and display is stunning, overall I will rate it 7 out of 10, in this price range. 
Price should be dropped to 7,999. You are paying some extra amount of money for this product. I will recommend to buy the gold variant, it's really good. 
 I have purchased this mobile on 24th jan and it had delivered by flipkart in one day at pune on 25th january. Its camera is average not too good like 13mp. but performance is good 
 Gestures not working in standby. I have had same issue with the first and the replacement phone as well. 
 Good mid-range phone with a better experience while changing over from Lumia 8.1. 
The phone is with budget specifications and an entry-level chipset, but the addition of some nifty camera technology that actually works well, sets this phone apart.  
With photography in closed, short-distance environments, you're unlikely to find a quicker and more capable camera phone at this price. Outdoor shooting has underwhelming performance comparatively.  
And a slight delay when opening apps are the only real weaknesses of the Asus ZenFone 2 Laser. However, there is a sense of consistency and reliability in the device, and it won't fail you when you need it to work.  
Furthermore, it looks decent, is built well and has great battery life. 
 Its totally an unbiased review.
Using this phone since 2 months and it has lived up to my expectations.
Good camera especially the manual mode .
Very simple UI.
Excellent battery backup
Screen display is very good
And yes the volume is little less else its a vey nice phone to buy. 
 I have been using this phone for 3 months and in one word it is awesome.
No heating issues.
Never seen my phone hang.
Camera is super fine! (both front and rear)
Display is best. 
Only the zen flash camera is too slow!
Sometimes typing problems are faced especially when any pdf file is running in the background,
Overall, it's worth a phone for 10k! 
 this good product under 10000 rupees..
i bought a mobile just 8099 rupees in big day offer...
this mobile is used for general purpose this not a gaming mobile ..
you're games lover then go to other mobile... 
 dear friends 
phone is nice but some white dots are on the screen raised after 3 months of purchase it is not going still now and with in 3 months it is not working and automatically restarting and hanging and when receiving calls it is showing that network error and i facing this problems 
 I will not all the things, but its simply super in this price. compare the other phones in this range. 
 1. 5.5 inch hd diplay vibrant and great crisp  
2. Amazing battery back up with normal usage the phone can easily run upto 2 days with heavy usage it will go upto 16 hrs easily  
3. A very good13 mp rear & 5 mp sefie camera 10k range. i personally compared the cameras with these phones and then came to the conclusion. 
4. Laser autofocus helps you to clk amazing pics with fast focus.. macro shots come out great with good details. 
5. The phone's 1.2 ghz 64 bit coupled with 2 gb ram 
6. Design and build quality is also good 
 The product is ok
draw back is battery back up is not up to the mark
Disastisfied with camera it doesnt gives a feel like 13 mp camera 
 Great phone.
Easy to use.
Powerful product.
Long battery life.
Double tap wake.
Standard camera. 
Screen guard is a must.
Loudspeaker,not so loud (not a big deal)
heavy. 
 Phone is so good.but this phone has software issues after system updates.purchase from good seller.and be alert from fraud seller. 
 Everything is r8 about this phone. It looks stunning. I am using it since 1 month and i hv no complain till then . Camera quality is superb . 
 Awesome phone with good features.
Performance is also good. Satisfied. 
 As I received the device in great condition thanks to eKart and also to WS Retail, packing was good... Thanks to Flipkart and WS Retail to provide 1 Day delivery for free and Rs. 1000/- off on the product... 
About The Product:
Well lets just say it provides features more than u pay! 
In specs its not mentioned: But the device supports gyroscope, which is the greatest + point in recent trending devices as people are looking for VR headset supported devices. 
I also updated my device to latest firmware manually as soon as I received the device, and after upgrading Installing some high end games like FIFA 15 Ultimate Team, Asphalt 8 Airborn, Need For Speed - No Limits, Morden Combat 5 - Blackout, etc. the gameplay experience was awesome, no lags, no heat up, battery percent dropping is really minimum... 
Multitasking handling is great, as most of my games and apps were running in background while i was doing other processes like copying files, installing new apps, running an app or game, multitasking was buttery smooth, I was getting free of 500MB of RAM while all these processes... 
Talking about camera and the auto laser focus, it does what its meant to or build for, focuses an object under a second, and with 13MP cam with Manual mode output of picture quality is great, although I was disappointed that Asus did not provided panosphere mode in camera as this device has gyro... Front cam pics with 5MP is also good (only under good light)... 
Receiver and speakers good and loud compared to other 1st Gen Zenfones, mic quality is also good while recording videos or speech, also talking about call quality, its also great. No issue on call, no call drops or hanging on call screen also proximity sensor works very well. 
So overall the product is really awesome in 10K, all-rounder in features and performance. I'll rate it 4.6/5 
 Good phone.. worth buying..
Asus was the only brand other companies use to use for the motherboard..
very good in hardware 
 Very nice mobile within 10000/-range.it have 2gb ram ,and conoring gorilla glass 4 .it is the best mob in low range .its camera is 5 MP and 13 MP it very nice..I used it 1 month it have no problem...sorry for the late review to ASUS circle .it is the best mobile among all 
 Pros:
Good Display..
Good UI...
Cons:
Bad Camera
Bad Battery
Bad Processor
Heats up like iron box
RAM preoccupied by 1.5GB
BAD Volume keys in back side
BAD Charging time >> 3Hrs 
 i got this mobile at 8099 rs only because i Purchase this mobile in offer period .
taking about mobile :nice body graphics, good display quality , better mobile resolution, 3000mAmp battery provides good battery life , loud speaker ,front camera is very good ..
what i dont like in this mobile :rear camera not so good 
 This Asus phone has very good features.It came with a good and secure packing from flipkart for which i thank and appreciate the care taken by them. It has a lot of built in apps. Also has good battery life. Worth the price paid and surprisingly the price is not more!! 
 pretty amazing phone i havent experienced any probs till now hope i wont coz asus is incredible..best value for money 
 The phone has great battery charge and good camera.The phone is really good,one anyone willing to buy go for it.The screen resolution is also good but audio playback is bit disappointing.Everything is good,the phone has minor UI lags but can be fixed in ota updates.Gaming is good but playing NOVA 3 is awkward in this phone.
Value for money. 
 Yes you read this correct, It's that girl in a college group who is beautiful & intelligent but hidden away from the crowd. Very underrated but very powerful. One of the best aesthetics, power, beauty & brains included. If you are like me who can find that girl go for this. 
Only drawbacks
Battery Drains (Still acceptable - 1 complete day on heavy usage)
Bloatwares (Still some of them are quite good) 
Go for this girl. Not Show-off onces!   
 Using this phone since 4 months.
Ordered on 17 October 2015. Till then ph is running great.
CONS 
1- If u open more than 9-10 apps multitasking, it takes some time to open the app again. Its O.k.
2 - But the most disappointing feature is that after the first update that I got, the sound through headphones is not so good in terms of BASS, even though using AUDIO WIZARD but sound is very loud and clear. Bass lovers won't love it. Its not like stuff of DOLBY ATMOS on lenovo or BEATS
3 - If I had waited now, then I would have got XIAOMI REDMI NOTE 3/ LENOVO K4 NOTE.
4- Slow Processor 
ADVANTAGES
1 - GREAT CAMERA, FASTER FOCUSSING & CLEAR PICS BOTH DAY N NIGHT
2 - GUD BATTERY LIFE.
3 - GUD TOUCH
4 - SUPERB BUILT QUALITY 
Please dont go for this phone now. Rather opt for REDMI NOTE 3 / LENOVO K4 NOTE   
 Lags a lot after 5 months of use.. i am facing headset issues also..have to turn the speaker on so i can speak to the person on other side and vice versa. Gets heated up upon playing heavy games. Camera quality reduced both front front & back. Sick of it !!! 
 This is my review after using this mobile for more than a month. Awesome experience. Touch sense is good. Response is good. Battery back up with mobile data ON, calling hours of almost 6 hours, restricting background data for unwanted apps running is, 32 hours for a full charge which is much better. Battery saving mode option is awesome and it really works!
After using this product for first 2 weeks, I booked the same mobile to one of my friends. Even he is happy with the product.
I would definitely recommend this product to the ones who are looking for a mobile is a economical range. 
 It is quite good phone in the range of 10000.Camera is good as compare to other phones.Front camera is also fine .I am satisfied customer of ASUS.Flipcart is the BEST online shopping website I will give 5 star to it. 
 The phone is good,battery back-up is good not too good,,1fault is that there is front camera no video mode is available.... 
 Really, the reviews are very helpful before purchasing any product. First hand information from users of the product will definitely make the deference in our decision. As this phone was rated positively by most of the users, I too have purchased the phone and completely satisfied with the phone. Not fully used and checked, but I can say a very nice phone! Especially you can visit the ASUS official website, you will surprise to see the ZENTALK Forum, discussion forum etc., updated info by users to clear the doubts etc. 
 Pros: Fast, Nice UI, Decent battery, Good sound etc.
Cons: Camera is average at this price.
Overall it's a nice brand to buy. 
 after using for a few months cant say I am not satisfied with it.developed different problems including heating and hanging.
now the touch screen stopped working.need to go to service center for repair. 
 Build quality is really good backed by Asus Trust.  
Its a 4G handset but doesnot support VoLTE or VoWiFi right now.  
Need more software upgradation to have this feature. Asus is already working on the same. So u can buy this phone for such a network which totaly PACKET SWITCHED 4G like the UPCOMING JIO 4G in India.  
Battery Backup is pretty much good but nothing to cheers.  
Camera quality is cool under this budget, One thing you should always remember that IT IS A PHONE WITH CAMERA, NOT A CAMERA WITH PHONE FACILITY.  
Gesture mode is something like you can play with.  
*** This phone doesnt even come with a Standard Headphone*** 
You need few more bucks to listen to its sound quality. 
 ASUS ZENUI BEST IN CLASS...... 
EVERYTHING IS SOO GOOD
-BATTERY BACKUP
-USER INTERFACE
-PRE LOADED APPS LIKE(MINIMOVIE, FILEMANAGER WITH 4.7* OUT OF 5)   
 Unbelievable and awesome phone with a lot of features which one cannot expect in such a price . Flipkart delivery is awesome and hats off to asus 
 I have spent a long time searching in the 10k range before deciding on this one.Got it at 8.1k.At this price,it is simply the best you can get. 
Cons:The camera is a little unpredictable in low and artificial lighting;but there are plenty of settings you can fiddle with to compensate this.
Slight lag when using too many apps.
Bloatware 
Pros:Good design
sleek UI
awesome battery 
If you want a good camera phone with a decent processor in the 10k range,this is the best money can buy you.Go for it.  
 It is upto my expectation:
It has very good battery backup with just 3000 mAh battery.
Camera quality is excellent.
Large display with excellent touch response and design, one can handle it easily.
Rest if talking about the performance, it is working fine as per the configuration of the phone. 
 Its been 20 days I am using this phone....no problem I face till the date.
Camera quality is toooo good.
other features are also working as expected.
Delivery was on TIME. 
 asus zenfone laser is best phone to buy which provides best specification.
best camera : front & back both are best quality photo.
best touch
best battery backup
best in speed : never hang although i installed most of the app and memory is full with audios , pictures and videos.  
 its a very good phone and especially the battery of this phone is very good and the phone is very user friendly 
 Good phone but video clarity is not good at night time except that everything is good can buy... 
 I love this phone.... good battery backup, both camera's are good,the selfie quality is awesome it can beat the iPhone's 6s camera's quality 
 I've given 4stars because the Loudspeaker ain't of good standard and the phone is a touch slow when rebooted/ restated. A little heavier(170g). 
But the touch, speed, battery backup, camera are pretty good.
Especially the SAR value is also good compared to Lenovo K3 note and motoG which comes in the similar prices. 
I did do a lot of comparisons between all 10k smart phones. Asus Zenfone 2 Laser is a best buy. Happy! :) 
 On same day previous year i purchased zenfone 5 and today zenfone2 . Really there is no substitute for asus performance , look , and features. I am just loving it.. ;) 
 The phone is Great. There are many features like Zen Motion and double tap. And also creating a Snapshot account is also good features. The battery back up is also great. while compare to Lenova K3 note And honor this have more performance.  
Pros: 
Great software
Great battery life
Better than any phone in this price range
i used about 4 Month but never hang once
Camera quality is stunning (in super resolution its amazing) 
Cons: 
It take about 3:15 hour to charge full. (but its good for battery)
Its not full HD (but its not a problem)
Its a little heavy 
over all we can give a 4 out of 5 because if i give 5/5 what will rate if some one made a better phone than this  
 Great Phone. Working good. good speed. good looking. very nice clarity in camera. It is working like a bullet. 
 Awesome Smartphone with Power Packed Performance & Battey Backup. Please go for it without giving any second thoughts. 
 experience so far is good. device is working smooth and good. 
image quality, sound quality n touch is best in range even better than some of higher range.  
This is my first ASUS smartphone and I really liked it.Touch is very gud and even pictures r very good .Sound quality is up to mark.Battery should b more than 3000mAh. 
 This phone is tooooooooooo amazzing! PERFECT features.. Funtabulous for Camera quality(both).. THANKS to ASUS.. I have suggested this model to 7 people and made them to buy it!! 9,999/- is beyond worth!! 
Little heating problem below 30% battery.. Else the BEST PHONE EVER! 
 Good phone for this price. The touch is awesome. camera to be improved. So far no issues. running smoothly. speed is good. easy to use. 
 Order it for wife on 15th feb and received from flipkart on 16th Feb. 
Under 10K its a better choice for me to buy.
Pros: Camera, UI, Batery 
Cons : Video lagging 
User Interface of this phone is very nice. Image display is quite good. While playing video phone lag lot of time.
Overall its a best phone. 
 no Doubt, best camera phone in this price segment.
Laser works awesome.
best part if you're music lover then it'll be best choice for you.
no heating issue till faced even on playing GTA SA or on continuous net using. 
 It is awesome just loved it I didn't find any problems.
Using it from 10 days everything is best..... 
 wonderful device from asus every thing is perfect on phone rich looks ,rich graphics build quality every thing is perfect on phone 
 First of all I would like to thanks, Flipkart for their best short time shipment(within 2 days).
its almost 3 months now that i m using this smartpone...its truly awsome, good camera quality even in low light,good battery backup,no heating issue till now....,no hanging,smart display. 
 It's a good quality product from asus . 
It's gives u battery life more than s day . 
And great value for u r money ........ 
Good camera quality 
 One sentence that if your budget is 12000 then go for this one. It is amazing.
Camera Performance Screen quality is too too too good. 
 by blindly this phone..... .. ......, ,,,,,,,,,, ,,,,,,,,paisa wasul mobile.. .... ..camera is good no heating problem battery life is also good 
 it is very nice phone and also very cooled at the time playing game and watching video.laser fea. of this phone is good and camera is very good. 
 Anyone looking for a branded budget handset under 15k can easily go for this one. Initially saw some reviews regarding low loudspeaker sound, however since I have used iphones for a long time I am used to it.Phone easily last for 24hours under normal usage, it really has a great battery. Lenovo K3 note is an equal competitor however Lenovo has a malli graphic and mediate processor, thus heating issues can be expected from Lenovo. 
 Purchase Asus zenfone 2 laser Ze550KL 4 months back during big sale day.
Flipkart has given good offer and delivered earlier than they committed. 
Pro: 
1.Very good software features. Asus give lot of apps
2.No heating. the reason which made me to buy.
3.Getting updates regularly
4.good value for money paid. 
Cons:
1.Camera quality is not good compared to peers like Mi4/Moto G etc. Disappointed here.
 The photos look dull and does not give true color. 
 only daytime and outdoor some extent better. indoor and low light areas not ok.
 Even though Asus gave software updates, no significant quality improvements.
 What is the value add of laser ?? when other phones with out this feature are giving 
 better quality.
 If camera quality is important then not recommended.
2.Charging takes more time 2 to 3 hours from 15% to 100% capacity. felt taking more.
3.Speaker sound is average can be better 
 BATTER PHONR IN CAMERA AND BATTERY LIFE BUT MIC PROBLEM HAS CHANGE IN PCB GREAT DISADVANTAGE IN PHONE MANUFACTURES 
 I like the purchase of this phone with the given features in the prize range, it is a good buy. Great display quality, big size screen (5.5 inch), great processor etc. Go for it if your budget is 10K. 
 the touch and the battery life of this phone are amazing
the service by the seller is also good 
i had a problem with the device but it is flipkart who took an immediate action and resolved my issues 
thankyou
i surely will recommend it to others 
 It's just a amazing computer dressed as smartphone!!! I think it is the best phone in Rs.10000.
'ASUS' I salute you. 
 Beat phone of a best company I just loved it.
:-*. Asus again prove their quality with another quality product, It satisfied me very much 
 Plz don't buy
Very slow processer
Long charging time
No return flipkart accepted
Apps and game slow work
Plz friends don't buy this phone  
 Wow exlent phone. charging osam go for it . phone camera little low other wise very good mobile no hang the phone 
 after using phone for 15 days i am pretty happy. i will give it over all 8 out of 10
display 7/10
touch 8/10
rear cam 7/10
front 8/10
looks 10/10
battery 9/10 
every thiing is good only lag is ear phones . . . . 
 My review after a week of use: 
Hardware: Very good build. Form factor is comfortable. Convenient to hold. Does not heat up.  
Software: Massive amount of pre-installed Asus junk software. Most apps are unnecessary.  
The App Restart Manager App is very useful. Five stars for that. 
In spite of the ton of pre-installed apps, I needed to download a battery % indicator - smallte.ch.  
Memory boosters are unnecessary for Android, so Clean Master et al are useless.  
I am still looking for a cache and log Junk Cleaner app. Like CCleaner. The mobile needs that.  
Please - get rid of the massive of unnecessary pre-loaded Apps.  
My rating is FOUR stars, considering h/w and s/w.   
 very nice mobile ...expected camera quality...3/5...i would say...performance and battery is awesome..4.5/5...no lags till now..very good product 
 Very Nice mobile. if u have budget under 10K Go for it.
Very Large display.
Those are interested in very large screen size. and its working perfect, No hang. no heating problem. 
 I got it at INR 8999 during the sales and used it for quite some time. I was thinking of buying the zenfone max but it was heavier,bigger and had no laser auto focus. 
So here's the review: 
Pros:
1) 13mp laser auto focus provides very good quality images along with the front facing 5mp camera
2) Though its has a 5.5in hd display, the viewing angles are great and the display is crisp.
3) 3000 mah user replacable battery is enough to last a whole day with moderate to heavy usage.
4) ZenUI is such a beauty.
5) Expandable storage is 128gb which is more than enough for me.
6) No lagging or touch fails. One of the best touch sensitivity in this price segment.
7) Double tap to wake up and lock feature spares the pressing of the power button.
8) Premium looking designs. 
Cons:
1) Sound is on the lower side. Its not bad but its not one of the loudest smartphones.
2) Out of the 2gb ram only 600 - 700mb remains available most of the times. Though it has no problem playing heavy games. 
Tip: I have bought a asus flip cover from the local market (at a much cheaper rate from flipkart) which helps to receive calls and view messeges quickly when i am on the road. 
Hoping this review will help you :) 
 Its a very nice phone at this price.I have been using it for 2 days so far i am really satisfied with its perfomance.Very good camera features.I have seen some reviews before buying this which is mentioned about the sound of this phone.But in my opinion it have decent speakers and when i compared it with my friends HTC desire 816 this one has a bit more clarity than the speakers of HTC.......thank you flipkart for delivering the mobile a day before the estimated date and and it was a surprise for me as i got it on the day which my exams are over 
 Simply superb phone. It has very good features and will give a run for money. In a nutshell, 
Pros are : Good resolution, nice camera, high internal storage, smooth functioning, large screen.
Cons are: Doesn't come with an earphone. Probably speaker is a tad bit on the lower side. 
Overall, one of the best phones in the mid segment. Go for it without any qualms. 
 Good mobile with great spec. Though there was an issue and Lost the data when filled the Internal memory completely for testing purpose.Please always use the good Memory Card with the phone to keep your important data safe. 
 I'm happy with the product and service of filpkart. But only thing I felt astonishing about is that, as per the order details, it was supposed to contain one headphone but it was missing unfortunately. 
I also became late to bring it to your notice although I had tried number of times but couldn't get through. 
Would request you to see if you could make any arrangements to suffice. 
 The phone is very nice better than the K3 note 
It is really impressive specially in camera and the laser the zenui is really nice 
 Its a great product. Performance is smooth, thanks for 2GB RAM and Intel processor. Display is good, colorful. UI is great, I liked it very much. Build quality is excellent. Battery is good, lasts for 1 day in normal use.. Camera is good. The 13MP camera upto my expectation. Images taken are blurred and grainy when zoomed. The 5MP front is good, although images are little grainy when zoomed. Hopes that Asus will solve the camera issues in their coming updates. Since it is a 5.5 inch device, its good for watching movies.. 
And lastly i only shop when WS Retail Sells the Product... 
 product is perfect but only telenor card not detected otherwise superb phone,batery backup is also good.camera result is good. 
 awesome config at unbelievable price 
ZEN UI is sweetheart...I'm in love with it 
Battery : Superb
Display : Superb
UI : Bestest
Performance: Superb 
Camera : Average 
 Good midrange phone
Sturdy build 
Good network reception 
Good display 
minor heating 
Back camera is not good Redmi's. 8Mp camera takes good picture than this
front camera is average  
 Really superb mobile. Speaker, display everything is so perfect. Especially the apps like mini movie, launcher, asus mobile manager,audio wizerd, etc. r really super. Velue for money. The only problem is so much updates of preinstalled apps. 
 I love this product. Battery performance much better than my old Samsung phone. Camera quality fantastic. 
 Excellent budgetary smart phone.
Smooth interface.
Good camera and worth for every penny.. 
 its a better product from asus
its not have a earphone
heating problem occurs
came is not up to the mark
no hanging and lags
go for it 
 Very good phone within its range. Budget friendly price, good features, good lookings and overall good phone. 
 It is the Value For Money Product,I really Satisfied with this Product.And thanks to Flipkart also for the Grate Service they are giving.  
 Worth for Purchase  
Overall things good, 
Camera Suberb with lazer shots 
 Delivery on time is the perfect things by flipkart And the i never seen before product Asus Zenphone is the best phone within 10000 rupees The product is really worth . Touch & Feel Quality is Ossum 
Thanks, 
Asus & Flipcart 
 Great performance in price segment.... delivery is on time with good packaging.. 
 It is super smart mobile.... and it working properly and wort for the money I gave to it and I m loving the product and came in the promise day.. 
And no problem I found in it and it's working super and I suggest u to buy the product 
And battery back is also good it comes for 2 day without using internet and using internet the battery back up will come for 1 and 1half day 
 The build quality of the phone is solid and doesnt feel cheap at all.The phone has an awesome camera and battery life and totally worth every penny.....Hats of too you ASUS 
 I expected maximum value for money by buying this, phone performs just average.
Camera and speaker quality is below average. 
 Flipkart delivered the phone with in 48 hours of purchase - what a service hats off guys. 
Phone looks stylish and the built quality is robust. Camera clarity is good and the processor does not hang while playing heavy games like asaphalt or even while multitasking. 
Only disappointment about the phone is its size - 5.5 inches is little to big to fit in pocket and also to grab sometimes.  
Otherwise this phone is great at this price. 
 Simply superb, no words to say, if anyone wants to know the detailed reviews then just visit YouTube and search for the reviews, this is 3th order for my friend. 
 Camera -excillent
Battery-good
Display-v good
Sound enhancement-poor
Look- good
Features-excillent 
Build Quality-poor  
 Already used that product for last 2 months ,does not faced any problem till now,though i used this set for lots of files download or playing some high end game battery back up really nice, camera quality is awesome, only problem i face is that there should be a volume button outside to be used during any music playing ,otherwise for general user it's a very useful under 10K bucks. 
 Zenfone 2 Laser with 5.5inch display looks very nice..a sturdy handset, not very light and not too heavy. display quality is superb also 13MP primary camera feels you nothing less than having a digital cam. 5MP front cam takes very nice pics in sunlight. Low light pic taking capability is also very good. Sound quality is also very nice. u cna adjust treble and bass from a dedicated app itself. near about 900MB ram remains free if you dont run your own apps. so many pre-installed apps to clear RAM. Using since last two months, didn't find any cons till now. 
 First kudhas for best packing and delivery. just in a day i got my phone. actually i bought for my friend. after using it for 2 days am writing this review. 
style is simple superb. camera quality is good. but i feel manual mode is not much good. in auto mode pictures are good. video is not too good. battery back-up is ok. if you are planning to get a phone under 10k, sure this will be a good option. go for it. 
 Have used this product for about 3 months now, amazing battery backup, grt looks, no lag for gaming. Excellent product in this price range, very reliable. People with 
 i was so happy using this phone ....good quality, looking good, but camera quality is not my expect range....best phone 10k range............. 
 Best Android Device Experienced till now.. Yet Another Masterclass By Asus... Fell in Love with My New ASUS Zenfone 2 Laser... 
 perfect...but back camera Quality is not that much good . 
less than 10k it's a good product...................................................... 
 Pros:
1)awesome design and display
2)battery life lasts long a full 24 hours for moderate to heavy usage.
3)No heating issue
4)Very good touch
5)ZenUI i-best user friendly and easy to operate
6)Dual Sim which both support 4G
7)Display is awesome
Cons:
(1)-lots of preinstalled apps 
 I love the overall quality and performance of this phone. 
Good:
- Battery life
- Camera
- Call quality
- Performance 
- In-build features 
Improvement
- Better clarity in sound 
 Very good design, light weight, royal black screen look,  
battery: lasts one full day on average usage, 
connectivity: improved internet feature, you can experience a high speed internet even in 2g,
whatsapp call is also so clear even in 2g 
user available ROM: 10.6 gb, 
Camera is too good after the software updates, 
device will get warm during software updates only, dont worry about that
on the other times it is not getting Heated like other devices, 
recommended to buy a 16/32 gb sd card, because if you record a video in this device for 30 mins it will occupy your 1.5 gb of ROM 
I recommend you to buy this mobile, 
but don't buy immediately for RS:9998
Wait for 3/4 days because this mobile is regularly getting offers every week,
if you are lucky you can buy it at RS:8888 
 Sometimes its mic not working over call, however it works on other applications.  
I think my phone was defective. 
Over all its a awesone phone in this 10k range. 
 I got prompt service. Product is good. earphone was not there in box, may be it is not their standard scope of supply. However overall good experience. Picture quality, processer, camera & other features are excellent. I would certainly recommend to go for ASUS ZE 550KL through Flipkart. 
 Nice one to have. Perfect competitor in 10K Segment. U can prefer this when thinking of any chinese brands. Much better than Lenovo & Mi. 
 the product is very fine with features that has given. but sometimes it get hangged.
but it is fine . because the price of the phone is vey less as compard to other phones..
i think it is better r phone than others. 
 First of all thnx to flipkart and asus!!!
The camera was very bad but when i updated my phone the quality of camera became superb..
Performance is also good and screen display and features are awesome
Loved it
Overall a very good phone 
 After use of 4-5 months, i am 100% satisfied with this mobile. Excellent Battery performance, Superb video & Audio quality I just fan of the Asus Zenfone 2. 
 Bought this phone as a gift for my mom, gotta say ASUS it's really getting it right with their zenfone2 variants, their designs it's really innovative. The matte finish material really looks stealthy, battery wise, very happy display and color rendition very good, very good camera with very good features and modes for different occasions, very light n asus well in your hand and your pocket 